The application of Ernest A. Becker for a variance to allow a twenty (20) foot front
yard where twenty-five (25) feet are required at 508 Falcon Lane (Lot 3 and the north
half of Lot 4, Block 10, Charleston Heights Tract #3), was considered. It was the
recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that this application be denied since it
was felt that there was no real hardship involved, other applications of a like nature
had been previously denied, and further since the owner had completed most of the
construction prior to applying for a variance.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that
this application be denied be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 6th day of July, 1955, having considered the application of
Ernest A. Becker for variance to allow a twenty (20) foot front yard where twenty-five
(25) feet are required on Lot 3 and the north half of Lot 4, Block 10, Charleston
Heights Tract No. 3; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that the application of Ernest A. Becker
for variance to allow a twenty (20) foot front yard instead of a twenty-five (25) foot
setback on Lot 3 and the north half of Lot 4, Block 10, Charleston Heights Tract No. 3,
be and the same hereby is denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of the Homesite Baptist Church for variance to
build within five feet of the side property line at Cedar Avenue between 23rd and 25th
Streets, being Lots 21 to 30 of Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Tract No. 4. The Board of
Adjustment recommended that this variance be approved because a five foot side yard is the
minimum requirement in this R-1 zone, the Church had unsuccessfully attempted to purchase
adjoining property to the west, and the proposed structure added to the existing church
makes it impractical to locate the building in any other manner.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 6th day of July, 1955, having considered the application of the
Homesite Community Baptist Church for a variance to allow a five foot side yard on Lots
21 to 30 of Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Tract No. 4; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application,

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Homesite
Community Baptist Church to allow a five foot side yard on Lots 21 to 30 of Block 2, Boulder
Dam Homesite Tract No. 4 be approved, and the inspection departments are hereby authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

The application of E. W. Fountain for a variance to permit the property at 313 North 6th
Street to be developed as an off-street parking lot for tenants of an adjoining commercial
building, was considered at this time. It was brought to the attention of the Commission
that the notices sent out for the public hearing held by the Board of Adjustment had not
had the proper legal description in that they showed Lot 7 of Block 2, Buck's Subdivision
instead of Lot 8 of said block and addition.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be referred back to the Board of
Adjustment to correct the legal description and rehear the matter before making recommen-
dation to the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of the National Builders Inc. for variance to
allow construction of a single family dwelling on a lot 40 feet in width at 212 Circle
Drive, described as Lot 29, Block 8 of Mayfair Addition No. 2. It was recommended by the
Board of Adjustment that this application be approved because the lot is worthless unless
it can be built upon in some manner, investigation indicated a possible error in the
original layout of the subdivision, and the minimum front, rear and side yard require-
ments will be met in the proposed construction.

7-6-55

VARIANCE APPLICATION
V-19-55

Ernest Becker

VARIANCE APPLICATION
V-18-55

Homesite Baptist Church

VARIANCE APPLICATION
V-21-55

E. W. Fountain

VARIANCE APPLICATION
V-22-55

National Builders