Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment he accepted
and this application for variance approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 6th day of July, 1955, having considered the application of the
National Builders Inc. for variance to construct a single family dwelling on a lot 40
feet in width on Lot 29, Block 8 of Mayfair Addition No. 2; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application,

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the National
Builders Inc. for variance to construct a single family dwelling on Lot 29, Block 8
of Mayfair Addition No. 2, be and the same hereby is approved, and the inspection
departments are hereby authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commission-
er Bunker.

The request of George Heyer for extension of time on a use permit granted for a shopping
center at Bonanza and Rancho Roads was held over until the next regular meeting of the
Commission on July 20, 1955.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the final map of Francisco Park
No. 2 be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Francisco Park No. 2 be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the improvements in
Dawson Park No. 1 be accepted and the performance bond on the off-site improvements be
released subject to final cleanup and backfill behind the sidewalks.

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements in Dawson Park No. 1 be accepted and the bond
released subject to the final cleanup and backfill behind the sidewalks in this subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

The Director of Public Works presented the preliminary plans for the improvement of the
Westside area, namely from A to H Streets, between West Bonanza and the north City limits,
by the installation of sewers and curb, gutter and paving.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be instructed to prepare the necessary plans
and specifications for the installation of sewers in this area to be known as Assessment
District No. 200-17 and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has been and still is
without adequate sewers and sewerage facilities; and

WHEREAS, numerous oral requests have been made for the installation of a sanitary sewer in
the Westside area to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is desirous that the citizens
of the above stated area have the advantages of a sanitary sewer; and

WHEREAS, it appears that a sanitary sewer can be installed in and along the streets and
portions of streets hereinafter described,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of July, 1955, that the City Engineer be and he
is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the
work and locality to be improved, together with estimates of cost for the installation of a
sanitary sewer system in and along certain streets and parts of streets hereinafter described,
to-wit:

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 24 and 25 Valley View Addition.

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 20, 21, 26, 27 and 28 Valley View Addition,
from the easterly line of Lot 6 of each Block eastwardly to the existing sewer
in "A" Street.

ADAMS AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, 390 feet Westerly; WASHINGTON
AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, 500 feet Westerly.

7-6-55

USE PERMIT
U-44-54
Time Extension

FRANCISCO PARK #2

Final Map Approved

DAWSON PARK #1
Release of Bond

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
Nos. 100-36 & 200-17
Westside Improvement
Streets & Sewers