REMOVAL OF BUILDING
407 Madison Ave.

OFF STREET PARKING
230 South $th.

PERMISSION TO ERECT
MODEL HOMES

Berkeley Square Subdivision

AGREEMENT - American
Bitumuls & Asphalt Co.

PROPOSAL FOR EQUIPMENT
Eachus Equipment Rental
Co.

PAYMENT - Extra Work
Perliter & Soring

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
#100-11

Final Acceptance

CARETAKERS COTTAGE
Final Acceptance

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Oakey Boulevard

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Long, Building Inspector, appeared before the Board at this time and
discussed the matter of removing the building at 407 Madison to "I" Street in
the B. M. Jones Tract. Mr. Long stated that this was a sub-standard building
and it would not be feasible to bring this building up to code.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request for removal of building at
407 Madison Avenue be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Discussion was held on off-street parking for the building being erected at
230 South $th Street, and the fact that no truck bay was provided for.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Building Department issue a stop order
on this construction until this matter meets the approval of the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the request of Leonard Wilson for permission
to erect two model homes on Lots 17 and 18 in Block 2, Berkeley Square Sub-
division.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker:

At this time the Board considered a letter form of agreement between the City
of Las Vegas and the American Bitumuls & Asphalt Company covering the retention
of a two-inch Gould pump and fifteen horsepower electric motor by the City.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the letter of agreement be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple vot-
ing aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The proposal from the Eachus Equipment Rental Company to provide equipment for
the grading of Washington Street and North 2nd Street was considered by the
Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this proposal be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the approval of Extra work by Perliter and
Soring in the amount of $598.20.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this payment for extra work in the amount
of $598.20 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the
warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker. Commissioner Bunker passed his vote.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final acceptance of Assessment District No.

100-11 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final acceptance of the Caretaker's Cottage be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the acceptance of a right of way deed for street purposes on
Oakey Boulevard was considered by the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of April, 1954, by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the deed dated the $th day of April, 1954, executed by

NATE SCHLAIFER and MARY E. SCHLAIFER and GERALDINE M. STOCKER and HAROLD J.
STOCKER

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

4-21-54