HAPPY VIC'S
Liquor License
Suspended

LIDO BAR
Liquor License

USE PERMIT
George Heyer

U-44-54

VARIANCE
David Boles

V-20-55



Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. Robert Cohen, representing the prospective purchasers, Messrs. Cox and
McDougall, of the tavern known as Happy Vic's, 117 North 1st Street, was present
and advised the Commission that an agreement of sale is now pendind and requested
that this business be allowed to continue.

Mr. Oscar Bryan, representing the creditors appeared before the Commission and
stated that his clients were willing to cooperate in any way possible.

The licensees, Messrs. Robert and Abe Kroloff were present, along with their
attorney, Mr. Art Ham, Jr. Mr. Ham advised the Board his clients are interested
in this location merely in the capacity of landlord to tenant, and requested that
the license be continued until pending sale can be consumated.

Commissioner Sharp moved the license of Happy Vic's, 117 North 1st Street be
suspended until the next regular meeting in order that this matter can be straighten-
ed out and brought before the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Milton Bardy, owner of the Lido Bar, 107 North 1st Street, appeared before the
Board at this time. The Commission was advised that the Lido Bar had been closed on
July 5th due to the fact that the check Mr. Bardy had deposited for his license had
been returned; the Board was further-advised that this was not the first instance
that this had happened.

The Board questioned Mr. Bardy on his financial ability to operate this business
and asked him whether or not he was planning to sell the Lido Bar. Mr. Bardy stated
that he had very little overhead in the operation of the bar, was paying cash for
his stock and hereafter would pay for his license in cash. He further requested the
Commission to allow him to continue this operation and indicated he would sell only
in the event he is unable to make expenses.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the tavern liquor license of Milton Bardy for
the Lido Bar at 107 North 1st Street be reinstated and that this business be inspected
periodically as to its operation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Robert E. Jones, representing George Heyer, appeared before the Board at this
time, requesting an extension of time on the use permit granted for the installation
of a shopping center at the intersection of Bonanza and Rancho Roads. Mr. Jones
explained that it had taken more time than they had anticipated, and even though
the building permit had been secured, they would like additional time so that the
permit would not expire.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Heyer be granted a 90 day extension of time from
August 16, 1955 on this use permit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. David Boles appeared before the Commission to request a variance to permit a side
yard set back of 10 feet and a rear yard set back of 20 feet on Lot 5, Block 8,

Scotch-80 Addition. Mr. Boles submitted three letters from neighbors favoring this
variance, who were Robert Metton, 11 Circle Drive; Mrs. G. F. Ashby, 2019 Bannie
Avenue; and Mr. John Replogle.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 20th day of July, 1955, having considered the application of
Mr. David Boles for a variance to permit a side yard set back of 10 feet and a rear
yard set back of 20 feet on Lot 5, Block 8, Scotch-80 Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mr. David
Boles for a variance to permit a side yard set back of 10 feet and a rear yard set
back of 20 feet on Lot 5, Block 8, Scotch-80 Addition be approved because the surround-
ing property owners have indicated their approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bunker and Sharp.

7-20-55