PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning Application
Charles L. Horsey, Jr.
Approved

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning Application
Clem Malone
Approved



PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation of Canosa Ave.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision Of this Board that the application of Kenneth
and Mildred Burr for a use permit to operate and maintain a child nursery at
721 East Charleston he and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application
of Charles Lee Horsey, Jr., for rezoning Lots 15 through 20, Block 21
Wardie Addition, generally located between 9th and 10th Streets, between
Gas and Garces Avenues from R-3 to C-1, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed re zoning. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Charles Lee Horsey, Jr.,
to rezone Lots 15 through 20, Block 21, Wardie Addition, generally located
between 9th and 10th Streets, between Gas and Garces Avenues, from R-3 to C-1
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, and Jarrett, passed their votes.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he would much rather this be held in abeyance
until he knew the surrounding property owners had been notified of this
proposed rezoning.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application
of Clem Malone to rezone approximately 17½ acres of the S½SE¼ of Section 22
T20S, R61E, MDB&M generally located south of Cadillac Arms, east of "D" Street,
west of a projection of "A" Street and noth of Harrison Avenue, from R-2 to
C-2, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were
no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Clem Malone to rezone
approximately 17½ acres in the S½SE¼ of Section 22, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from
R-2 to C-2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, Com-
missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp stated that Mr. Malone is a client of Zick and Sharp of which
he is a partner.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the vacation of
a portion of Canosa Avenue from its intersection with the east line of
Maryland Parkway to its intersection with an arc of 50 feet radius, radius
point of said arc being located on the center line of Canosa Avenue 522
feet easterly of said east line of Maryland Parkway, the matter was considered
by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this vacation of a portion
of Canosa Avenue. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the vacation of a portion of
Canosa Avenue be approved and the following Order adopted:

ORDER

A Petition, dated the 26th day of May, 1954, signed by ten (10) freeholders residing
in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning
for the vacation of a portion of CANOSA AVENUE and said petition * having been
by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las
Vegas for its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission
having filed its report, dated May 30, 1954, with the Board recommending the
approval of said vacation.

And this Board, by an order made at its special meeting held the 26th day of
May, 1954, set the 7th day of July, 1954, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. at the
Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the City Hall, located
at the Northwest comer of 5th and Stewart Streets in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, as the time and place for the pubic hearing on said Petition
and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid portion
of street proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting forth the
time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Donald H. Brockley and Charles V. Cudney
filed with the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order
a copy of which notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 2nd day
of June, 1954, in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation
and recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having
heard the evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said
Petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and Whipple, constitution all members of said Board,
and all members voting in favor of said vaction, that the portion of street
proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and convenience,
that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that
neither the public nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

7-7-54