REZONING

Clifton Powell

z-6-55

TENTATIVE MAP

Las Vegas Addition

TENTATIVE MAP
Rancho Park
Subdivision

OAKRIDGE SUBDIVISION
Acceptance and
Release of Bond

McNEIL TRACT #3

Agreement Extension

TEMPORARY ALLEY
CLOSURE
2nd & Fremont
Hotel

TEMPORARY STREET
CLOSURE
Rose Street

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
PROGRAM
Geo. E. Miller
Bond

WOODLAWN CEMETERY
WELL

Bids to he
Requested

At this time the Board considered the application of Clifton Powell for the reclassification
of Lot 6, Block 12, HFM&M Addition, on the NW corner of E Street and Monroe Street from R-4
to C-2, Z-6-55. This application was approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on this application for rezoning be held on
April 6, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The tentative map of Las Vegas Addition, approved by the Planning Commission, was considered
by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this map be approved subject to the alignment of Bruce Street
in accordance with the requirements of the Engineering Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The tentative map of Rancho Park Subdivision, approved by the Planning Commission, was
considered by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this map of Rancho Park Subdivision be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer, Mr. George Wade, recommended the final acceptance and release of bond on the
Oakridge Subdivision.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the final acceptance and release of bond on the Oakridge
Subdivision be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Wade presented a request by subdivider for extension of agreement time on McNeil
Tract No. 3.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request by subdivider for extension of agreement time on
McNeil Tract No. 3 be approved subject to the acknowledgment and acceptance of this extension
by the bonding company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer requested approval of the temporary alley closure adjacent to 2nd and
Fremont Hotel. Mr. Wade explained that this was necessary for the construction of the
elevator required to pour the concrete and would only be for a limited time. He suggested
that the alternative would be to blockade a portion of either North 2nd Street or Fremont.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer be approved, and that
the east west alley between 2nd & 3rd Streets be closed temporarily.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Wade recommended that Rose Street from Charleston Boulevard to Alturas be closed
during the construction of additions to the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he drew the plans for the hospital but had nothing to do with
this application.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the closure of Rose Street from Charleston Boulevard to
Alturas, as recommended by the City Engineer, subject to approval of the Police and Fire
Departments, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer recommended that the proposed bond on sewer lines of the George E. Miller
Company be accepted and held for a period of one year.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Engineer's recommendation be accepted and that the
proposed bond on sewer lines be approved subject to approval by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Wade asked permission to readvertise for bids for Woodlawn Cemetery well.

Commissioner Sharp moved that permission to readvertise for bids for Woodlawn Cemetery well
be granted, and that bids be opened on April 6, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

3-16-55