RADLICK PARK ESTATES
Final Acceptance and
Release of Bond-Approved

U.S. ARMY

Option to Purchase Land
Corps of Engineers

RESOLUTIONS R/W
Deeds

Section 26, T20S, R61E
Sec. 26, T20S, R61E



Sec. 26, T20S, R61E
Sec. 26, T20S, R61E

Sec. 26, T20S, R61E

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Sharp,

Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; Commissioner Bunker did not vote as he is Tract Agent.

Mr. Jarrett did not vote as he writes insurance for this company.

At this time the Board considered the request of Radlick Park Estates for final acceptance
and release of bond.

City Attorney Cannon stated that there is a suit pending with the City over this matter.

The situation in brief is that the Subdivider was originally supposed to pay cash, but was
not able to do so and therefore it went to Bond. The home owners say the Subdivider was
supposed to have paid the assessments and they want the City to hold the bond until the
subdivider pays the assessments.

The Board felt that it could not do anything.

Commissioner Bunker moved this bond be released and final acceptance made on recommendation
of the City Manager and City Attorney.

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered at this time the option to purchase land adjacent to the Air Base by
the Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army. However, no action was taken.

The Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes in
Section 26, T20S, R61E, executed by the Boulder City Broadcasting Company, deed dated
September 22, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried, the
following Resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 6th	day of October, 1954, by the Board	of Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas,	County of	Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 22nd day of

September, 1954, executed by the Boulder City Broadcasting Company to the City of Las
Vegas, County	of Clark,	State of Nevada, and that the real	property described therein	be

and is hereby	accepted,	for the purposes and intentions as	therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes in Section
26, T20S, R61E, executed by Olas F. and Wilma M. Love, deed dated September 15, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 6th day of October, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 15th
day of September, 1954, executed by Olas F. and Wilma M. Love to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and
is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes in Section
26, T20S, R61E executed by Olas F and Wilma M. Love, deed dated September 15, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 6th day of October, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 15th day of
September, 1954, executed by Olas F and Wilma M. Love to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes in Section 26,
T20S, R61E, executed by Fred and Wilma A. Young deed dated August 23, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made.

BE IT RESOLVED this 6th day of October, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 23rd day
of August, 1954, executed by Fred and Wilma A. Young to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes in
Section 26, T20S, R61E, executed by Samuel Salerno, deed dated August 27, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

10-6-54