OPENING OF BIDS

Water Supply
Woodlawn

PUBLIC HEARING

Use Permit
YMCA

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

PUBLIC HEARING ON
Assessment Roll

Commissioner Bunker moved that this use permit be granted for a period of six months,
with the provision that the Planning Commission have full supervision over the ingress
and egress to the property, that such curbs and sidewalks be installed as are deemed
necessary by the Planning Commission, and the amount of parking space be specified.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 55.01 for the Woodlawn Water Supply,
bids were received from the following firms:

Don McGarvie Plumbing & Welding
Phelps Pump & Equipment Co.

The bid of Phelps Pump & Equipment Company could not be opened as this company has
no state or city license.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid of Don McGarvie Plumbing & Welding Company be
referred to the City Engineer for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the petition for a use permit for a
YMCA building at the comer of North 2nd and Bonanza Road, the matter was considered
by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the petition for a use permit for a YMCA building at
the corner of North 2nd and Bonanza Road be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
stated that his firm was the architect on this building and passed his vote.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the assessment and
hear any objections to said assessment which may be made on the proposed improvements
in Assessment District No. 100-25, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 33-1955.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll had been
filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there had been no objec-
tions filed in her office prior to said meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any further objections,
suggestions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assessment roll.
There were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the hearing on this Assessment Roll No. 33-1955 be
approved, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof have taken action to improve a certain street therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.

100-25 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said
improvements, including incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums
assessed against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property according to
frontage, and

WHEREAS, it was necessary to amend the original assessment roll numbered
30-1954, and file an amended assessment roll which was filed with the City Clerk on the
7th day of February, 1955; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said assessment
roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas;
and

WHEREAS, there were no protests either oral or in writing as to said amended
assessment roll; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm said amended assessment roll.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 16th day of February, 1955,
that the amended Assessment Roll No. 33-1955; be and the same is hereby confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirmation
on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Officio City
Assessor for the placing of said assessment on the official rolls of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the persons assessed be notified in writing
that they may pay said assessments in full within one week, and if not paid within said
time, it will be conclusively presumed that they have elected to pay in installments
as provided in the proceedings for said district.

2-16-55