interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by publi-
cation once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said
notices in at least three public places near the site of said proposed work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, order, resolutions and ordinances, or
parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this
ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or
parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid
such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions
of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific
sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional,
and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence,
clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect
or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in
any other instances.

S	Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City

of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City
and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to
improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency
exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of
the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a
week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adop-
tion, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
Ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication
hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 31st day of March, 1954.

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordi-
nance. The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was
called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp. Those voting

nay, none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Bunker
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and
read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner
Bunker seconded the motion, and the question being upon its passage, the roll
was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp. Those voting

nay; none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon
its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as
read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll
was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp. Those voting

aye; none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted
in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed
and adopted, as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 598.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.	

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing that a public
hearing bn the creation of Assessment District No. 100-26 be held April 12,

1954, be adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have
taken steps to create certain public improvements all as provided in Emergency
Ordinance No. 598, passed, adopted and approved this 31st day of March, 1954.

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 598 discloses the intention and
determination of said Board of Commissioners to create said district and construct
said improvements by special assessment made according to frontage; and