At this time the request of Young Electric Sign Company for permission to install
a neon sign in the alley behind the California Club was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Young Electric Company be held in
abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to a letter from Rex L. Jensen concerning an order to
vacate a house trailer at 1909 Pinto Lane.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Jensen be instructed to comply with Ordinance
507? Section 3, said property being located at 1909 Pinto Lane.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed on St.

Louis Street executed by Murray Wollman, dated April 3, 1995.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 6th day of April, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
5th day of April, 1955, executed by Murray Wollman to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

This being the time set for the award of Bid No. 55.09 on construction of the Jeffer-
son Avenue Pool Building, Mr. George Wade stated the Longley Construction Company
were the lowest bidders and recommended acceptance of their bid.

Commissioner Sharp moved the bid of Longley Construction Company for the construction
of the Jefferson Avenue Pool Building, being the low bid in the total amount of
$45,598.00, be accepted and the notice to proceed be given to the contractor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon advised the Commission that the bid submitted by
General Builders and protested by the State Contracting Board should be opened under
protest of the State Board, and said protest denoted.

Thereafter the bid of General Builder on Bid No. 55.01 was opened and read as follows:

GENERAL BUILDERS $10,037.75	$10,493.15 Alternate $19,208.83

At the hour of 10:00 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 10:15 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mrs. Sallie Mancini, 2117 Santa
Rita, solicitor for picture albums, American Photographic Society (Scott's Studio
in Las Vegas) for reduction of solicitor's license fee.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of Mrs. Sallie Mancini for a reduction of
solicitor's license fee be granted for a period of three months, said license fee to
be $25.00 per quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the vacation of a portion of Bonneville between 13th
and 14th Streets, deferred from March 16, 1955 pending report from the Traffic and
Parking Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application for vacation of a portion of Bonne-
ville between 13th and 14th Streets be deferred until the next regular meeting on
April 20, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Max Kehn for a permit to convert
an existing apartment building into a maximum of five medical and dental offices at
400-402 South 12th (Block 16, Lots 17 and 18, Pioneer Heights Addition).

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Max Kehn for a use permit be held
in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno
for a permit to construct a church on Lots 5, 6, 7, 8, 53 and 54, Block 1, Metropolitan
Addition.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno for
a use permit be held in abeyance.

4-6-55

SIGN INSTALLATION
Young Electric
Sign Co.

HOUSE TRAILER
Rex L. Jensen

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Murray Wollman

BID NO. 55.09

Jefferson Pool Bldg.
Awarded

BID NO. 55.01

Well for Woodlawn
Cemetery

Protest Bid Opened

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
REDUCTION

VACATION

Bonneville between
13th & 14th Streets

USE PERMIT
Max Kehn
U-10-55

USE PERMIT

Roman Catholic Bishop

U-ll-55