Commissioner Jarrett moved the minutes of April 6, 13, 20, 1955, be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager George Rounthwaite arrived at the meeting at this time.

This being the time set for continuation of the public hearing on the petition of David Zenoff
for rezoning from R-1 and R-3 to C-1 of portions of Wardie Addition, Vega Verde Addition and
Huntridge Tract No. 1, generally described as both sides of East Charleston between 7th and
10th Streets (Z-4-55, denied by Planning Commission) the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Board on behalf of petitioners favoring this rezoning.

Mr. Joe Conroy, representing the objectors on file with the Planning Commission, spoke in
protest to the rezoning. He stated that the rezoning would be discriminatory against property
owners who have built custom homes in this area. His petition was signed by Mr. Cyril Wengert,

P. 0. Silvagni, A. C. Grant, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Coonrod, Les Edwards, Mr. and Mrs. Cobb,

Robert Gordon, Mr. and Mrs. Sedley, Charles Ketcham, Ray Thorne, Kittie Wiener, Mr. Holler,
and Mr. Seldeani.

At this time Mr. Lloyd Compton, and Mrs. Robertson also spoke in protest of this rezoning.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
that this application for rezoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Jarrett disqualified himself from voting since
he owns property at 1233 South 8th Street in this area. Commissioner Bunker disqualified
himself from voting as he has a quarter interest in property at 10th and Charleston. Noes, none.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the appeal of A. C.

Delkin of the denial of his application for rezoning of Lots 6 and 7, Block 2, Pioneer Heights
Addition (113-115 South 10th) from R-4 to C-2, public hearing continued from 4-6-55, the matter
was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections; none were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the public hearing on the appeal of A. C. Delkin of the denial
of his application for rezoning of Lots 6 and 7, Block 2, Pioneer Heights Addition (113-115
South 10th) from R-4 to C-2 be deferred until May 18, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the application of Mr.

H. F. Ahmanson to rezone a portion of the SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ Section 35, T20S, R61E from R-3 to C-2
(Fremont and 25th), public hearing continued from April 6, 1955, the matter was considered by
the Board.

Mr. Robert E. Jones, representing Mr. H. F. Ahmanson, stated that his client would give the
City a deed for the 40 ft. of R/W for 25th Street at a cost of $1,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the offer of H. F. Ahmanson to convey the east forty feet
of the SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ of Section 35, T20S, R61E, to the City for $1,000.00 be accepted, the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared; and further that the following
resolution be adopted; and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of May, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 23rd day of February, 1955,
executed by Howard F. Ahmanson and Dorothy G. Ahmanson to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Mr. H. F. Ahmanson to rezone a portion of the
SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ Section 35, T20S, R61E from R-3 to C-2 (Fremont and 25th) be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for a continuation of public hearing on the application of Southern
Nevada Power Company for vacation of a portion of Bonneville between 13th and 14th Streets,
the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. Milton Keefer appeared before the Board on behalf of this application for vacation and
requested approval.

5-4-55



MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
David Zenoff

Z-4-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
A. C. Delkin

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
H. F. Ahmanson

25TH ST. DEED

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation
Bonneville