BERKLEY SQUARE
SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map



RECREATION CENTER
Bid Awarded

OPENING OF 21ST
STREET

RECREATION CENTER
WATER LINES
Bid Awarded

WATER DISTRICT

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-23
Public Hearing on
Creation of District

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice of Special Meeting.

s/ Rex A. Jarrett	s/ George H. Rounthwaite

s/ Reed Whipple, Mayor Pro Tem	s/ Ralston O. Hawkins

s/ Harris P. Sharp
s/ Wendell Bunker

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 12, 1954

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas was
called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Heed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

Assist. City Mgr	Robert W. Notti

Asst. City Atty	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	D. D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Discussion was held at this time on the tentative map of Berkley Square.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this tentative map of Berkley Square be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Engineer George Wade submitted the tabulation of bids received for the
construction of a recreation center and recommended that the bid of Lembke
Clough and King be accepted.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid for the construction of the
recreation center be awarded to Lembke, Clough and King in the total amount of
$155,720.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mrs. Vera Love appeared before the Board at this time with petitions requesting
the opening of 21st Street north from Fremont Street to a point approximately
140 feet south of Sunrise Avenue. Mrs. Love stated that the owners of this
property, Major Sweeney, Harrison Stocks and Frank McNamee would trade a sixty
foot strip of land for the City's property near the Railroad track, in Section
17.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this offer to trade property owned by the City in
order that 21st Street can be opened, not be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that the bid of Longley Construction Company
for the installation of water lines to the Recreation Centers be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the bid for the installation of water lines to the Rec-
reation Centers be awarded to Longley Construction Co. in the amount of
$5,065.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Discussion was held with William Coulthard and Harry Miller, members of the Las
Vegas Valley Water District and their engineer, Mr. James Montgomery. Mr.
Coulthard gave a report on the plans for the Water District to take over the
Las Vegas land and Water Company. The Board of Commissioners pledged their
willingness to assist the Water District in any way they can.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated for the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear and con-
sider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to
the proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, as in the proposed
Street Assessment District No. 100-23 in said City, as provided in Emergency
Ordinance No. 596 passed, adopted and approved the 31st day of March, 1954, and