PUBLIC HEARING
Variance

V-49-54

W. S. Robinson

HOUSE MOVING

Della DeVinney

ROOMING HOUSE LICENSE
F. E. Searway

CONVEYOR ACROSS ALLEY
American Linen

REZONING APPLICATION
Judy Rich
Enterprises

VARIANCE - V-53-54
Ray H. Smith

USE PERMIT - U-35-54
L.V. Water District

This being the continuation of the public hearing on the appeal of W. S. Robinson
of the denial of his application for variance to maintain a carport at 525 Park Paseo,
the matter was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and lost by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bunker, Whipple
and His Honor.

Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be continued until November 17, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Sharp.

This being the time set to consider the request of Mrs. Della DeVinney to move a
duplex from 518 Bridger and 230 South 6th Street to the 300 Block on South 6th
Street, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. There were none voiced.

Mrs. DeVinney stated that she had contacted all the property owners in this block,
and they had no objections.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request to move a duplex to Lots 5, 6 and 7, Block 6,
Wardie Addition, be approved subject to the plans on file.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Searway was present at this time concerning the license for the rooming house at
401 South 2nd Street. Discussion was held with the Building and Fire Departments
on the requirements necessary to bring this building up to code.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Mr. Searway's license be approved subject
to compliance with the requirements of the Building and Fire Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Gardner of the American Linen Supply Company was present to request permission to
construct a conveyor across the alley behind the property at 1008 South 1st Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved this permit be granted subject to the plans on file with
the Building Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Judy Rich Enterprises for rezoning of a portion of land adjacent to
San Francisco Street and Tam Drive from M-1 and R-4 to C-2, was considered.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this application be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Ray H. Smith for variance to
complete a garage by remodeling into a one-bedroom apartment with kitchen and bath,
which extends 4½ feet into the side yard building line at 509 North 7th Street.

This application had been denied by the Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. There were none voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 3rd. day of November, 1954, having considered the applica-
tion of Ray H. Smith for a Variance to complete a garage by remodeling into a
one-bedroom apartment with kitchen and bath, which extends 4½ feet into the side
yard building line at 509 North 7th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
denying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Ray H. Smith for a Variance to complete a garage by remodeling into a one-bedroom
apartment with kitchen and bath, which extends 4½ feet into the side yard
building line at 509 North 7th Street, be approved, and the inspection departments
are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The application of the Las Vegas Valley Water District for a Use Permit to
construct an office building to house the operating headquarters and business
office on the north side of West Charleston between Valley View Boulevard and
Melville Drive, was considered.

Mr. Leo McNamee and Mr. Renshaw were present and explained the plans of the
Water District.

At the hour of 10:05 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the
hour of 10:30 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

11-3-54