PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on	the variance

VARIANCE APPLICATION 	application of A. P. and Myrtle Rimmer to construct a duplex	on each

A. P. & Myrtle Rimmer	of two lots which are 6,000 square feet in area at 2317 and	2321 Van

V-100-53	Patten Place, the matter was considered by the Board.

Approved

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for variance
be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by ;the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas in a regular meeting of the 3rd day of March, 1954, having
considered the application of A. P. and Myrtle Rimmer for a variance
to construct a duplex on two lots at 2317 and 2321 Van Patten Place;
and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning
Commission recommending denial of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the
application of A. P. ad Myrtle Rimmer, V-100-53, be and the same is
hereby granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to
issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING SET	At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Planning

Street Name Change	Commission to change the name of Baskin Street back to Tonopah Drive.

Baskin St. back to 

Tonopah Dr.	Property owners were present with Mr. John Pociash as the spokesman

protesting the change of name from Tonopah Drive to Baskin Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved a public hearing on change of street
name be set for the next regular meeting of the Commission on March
17, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

APPEAL - DENIAL	At this time the	Board considered the appeal of Dr. Martin W. Payne

VARIANCE APPLICATION	of the denial of	his application for variance to construct two doc-

Dr. Martin W. Payne 	tor's offices at	Lots 17 and 18 and the south half of Lot 19, Block

31, South Addition, located on the Northwest comer of 7th and Hoover
Streets.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the action of the Planning Com-
mission recommending approval of this variance application be accepted
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of March, 1954, having con-
sidered the application of Dr. Martin W. Payne for a variance to con-
struct two doctor's offices on the northwest corner of 7th and Hoover
Streets; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning
Commission, be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspection depart-
ments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

OPENING OF BIDS	This being the time set for the opening of bids for fertilizer for the

No. 54.1 - Fertilizer	Park, Golf Course and Cemetery, the matter was considered by the

Board, and bids were received from the following firms:

DESERT NURSERY

NEVADA IRON & METALS

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE MERCANTILE CO.

GARDEN CENTER

VEGAS WHOLESALE & FERTILIZER CO.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred
to the City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

OPENING OF BIDS	This being the time set for the opening of bids for grass seed for

No. 54.2 - Grass Seed 	the Park, Golf Course and Cemetery, the matter was considered by

the Board, and bids were received from the following firms:

DESERT NURSERY

VEGAS WHOLESALE & FERTILIZER CO.

GARDEN CENTER

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE MERCANTILE CO.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred

3-3-54