"H" STREET from the intersection of Washington Avenue to the intersection
of Adams Avenue.

The East-West alley bisecting Block 32, H.F.M.& M. Addition from the center
line of "H" Street, 79½ feet eastwardly to an existing sewer in said alley.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be instructed to prepare the necessary
plans and specifications for the installation of curb, gutters and paving in the area
to be known as Assessment District No. 100-36, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has been and still
is without adequate curbs, gutters and street paving; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following streets be improved by
curbing, guttering and paving the same;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
at a	regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of July,	1955, that the City Engineer

be and	he is hereby directed to prepare	and file with the	City Clerk, plats, diagrams,

plans of the work, the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of cost for
the installation of curbs, gutters, and paving on the following streets and parts of
streets:

OWENS AVENUE, HARRISON AVENUE, VAN BUREN AVENUE, JACKSON AVENUE, MONROE
AVENUE, MADISON AVENUE, WASHINGTON AVENUE, AND MORGAN AVENUE from the Westerly
line of "H" Street to the Easterly line of "A" Street; ADAMS AVENUE from the
Westerly Line of "H" Street to	the Easterly line	of "D" Street and from the

Westerly line of "C" Street to	the Easterly line	of "A" Street; McWILLIAMS

AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the Westerly right-of-way
line of the Union Pacific Railroad; WILSON AVENUE from the Westerly line of
"H" Street to the Westerly line of the Union Pacific Railroad; BONANZA ROAD
from the North and South one-quarter (¼) Section Line, Section 28, and its
Southwardly prolongation, T20S, R61E, MDB&M to the Westerly right-of-way line
of the Union Pacific Railroad; "H" STREET, "G" STREET, "F" STREET, "E" STREET,

"D" STREET, "C" STREET, AND "A" STREET from the Southerly line of Bonanza
Road to the Northerly line of Owens Avenue; "B" STREET from its intersection
at "A" Street to the Northerly line of Owens Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

It was the recommendation of the Director of Public Works that the bids received for
the construction of lavatories and a storage room at the Golf Course, known as Bid No.
55.11 be rejected due to the fact that the lowest bid was $5,002.00, and the money
budgeted for this construction was not sufficient. Mr. Wade further recommended that
if the installation of these facilities was needed it could possibly be done at a
later date under forced account.

Commissioner Sharp moved that all bids received for Bid No. 55*11 be rejected due to
the fact that there is not sufficient money budgeted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

George Wade, Director of Public Works reported at this time on the expenditures made to
date on repair to damage incurred in the recent flood. He stated that repairs to
streets under Work Order No. 11.10 amounted to $17,624.61 and repair of the sewer plant
totals $17,014.03. He further reported that there are ten to twelve manholes for the
sewer lines that will also have to be repaired.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy advised the Commission that applications for Federal aid
had been received and would probably be filed by the end of this week. He further
reported that Mr. Granger of the U. S. Government would be in Las Vegas on July 11,

1955 to discuss this matter.

Mr. George Wade presented the request of the Sal Sagev Hotel to replace the sidewalk
on the southeast comer of Fremont and Main Streets with terrazo block. He advised
the Commission that the Hotel was willing to enter into an agreement with the City that
they will replace the block at their own expense should the City find it necessary for
any reason to break through the block.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved subject to the Sal Sagev Hotel enter-
ing into the agreement to replace the terrazo block.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commission-
er Bunker.

7-6-55

BID NO. 55.11
Lavatories & Storage
Room

Golf Course

STORM DAMAGE EXPENDITURES

TERRAZO BLOCK SIDEWALK
Sal Sagev Hotel