ASSISTANT CITY ATTORNEY
Conference Attendance

Commissioner Whipple moved that Murray Posin, Assistant City Attorney be given
permission to attend a conference for Judges, Prosecutors and Attorneys in Berkeley,
California, from January 24th to January 28th, 1955, and the City pay his expenses not
to exceed $150,00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this meeting recess until January 21, 1955, at 9:00
A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 21, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 21st day of January 1955 was called to order at the hour of 9:15 A.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid of Wells Cargo Inc., for the installation of improvements
in Assessment District No. 100-25 in the total amount of $52,392.40 be accepted, and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Sharp and

Whipple

At this time Commissioner Whipple arrived at the meeting.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that the bid of Wells Cargo Inc. on Schedules E-1
and E-2 of the Trunk Sewers in the amount of $12,087.12 on Schedule E-1 and $25,112.77
on Schedule E-2 or a total of $37,199.89 be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and the bid
on Schedules E-1 and E-2 of the Trunk Sewers be awarded to Wells Cargo Inc. in the total
amount of $37,199.89 and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Manager George H. Rounthwaite arrived at the meeting at this time.

Commissioner Wendell Bunker left the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be authorized to prepare the plans and
estimates of cost for a new well for the Woodlawn Cemetery and the capping of the existing
well, and advertise for bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and

Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker

and Sharp.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25
Construction Bid

TRUNK SEWERS
Award of Bid

WOODLAWN CEMETERY
Water Supply