Las Vegas, Nevada
March 29, 1954

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 29th day of March, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:30
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Manager	George Rounthwaite



This being the time heretofore set for the continuance of the public hearing on the appli-
cation of Will Max Schwartz for variance to construct and maintain a casino,
bar and entertainment dining room in conjunction with a resort hotel on property
located at 900 West Bonanza Road, to be known as Moulon Rouge, the matter
was considered by the Board.

The intentions of Will Max Schwartz Associates (Bisno and Bisno) as set
forth in a letter from Thomas A. Foley, dated March 24, and March 29, 1954,
was read to the Board.

Mr. Milton Keefer appeared before the Board at this time, stating that his
clients were still opposed to having gaming and liquor in this area.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application of Will Max Schwartz Associates
for variance to construct and maintain a casino, bar and entertainment
dining room in conjunction with a resort hotel at 900 West Bonanza be
approved and the following stipulations be incorporated and made a part
of the minutes:

1.	My clients intend to construct a luxury hotel on that
certain parcel of land located West of "H" Street on the West side of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, likedned, in all respects, insofar as construction

is concerned, to the present existing luxury hotels that we have on our "Strip"
within the County of Clark. That the basic cost of construction alone is
estimated to be in excess of $907,000.00, and, with the inclusion of the neces-
sary expenses of furnishing and landscaping, to approximate a cost of
$1,200,000.00; said hotel to be constructed with a setback of at least 140
feet from the center line of West Bonanza Road.

2.	If the variance requested by my clients is granted,
immediate action will be taken by them to commence the construction. This
may be assured because of the nature of the life of a variance, which is six
months, and if construction is not under way by the passage of that time then
the matter will be foreclosed, unless, of course, the delay is caused by an
Act of God or other uncontrollable source, which would be a basis for an
extension.

3.	Preliminary plans, perspectives, drawings and designs,
etc., which have been completed and have heretofore been submitted to both
the Planning Commission and to this Board of Commissioners have been accepted
and approved by the principals.

4.	From the granting of the variance, the plans and speci-
fications will be presented to the Building Department of the City of Las
Vegas within at least ninety (90) days therefrom.

5.	Immediately upon receipt of the Building Permit, bids
will be let locally for the construction of the said luxury hotel.

6.	That the principals, my clients, have not as of this
time selected the person or persons who will operate the gaming but, in
this connection, state that the names or named will be submitted to this
Honorable Board before application is made for gaming licenses.

7.	That the principals, the applicants herein, declare their
intention, and by these presents do declare, that they will construct the
said Moulin Rouge luxury hotel and operate the same thereafter, and state
clearly and unequivocally that this project is not, and will not be, a
stock promotion.

8.	That Will Schwartz Associates (Bisno & Bisno), do, by
these presents, declare their intention to exercise their option on that
parcel of land to the rear of the land upon which the variance application
is pending, being a parcel of approximately 5-l/2 acres, which may be des-
cribed as that portion of land abutting McWilliams Street, directly across
from Marble Manor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Jarrett. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote, stating that his firm was the
architect for this property.

Commissioner Jarrett stated his reason for voting "no" was because he was
 against any gaming and liquor in this area.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bid for gasoline be awarded to the Signal Oil
Company for $.2203 Standard and $.2423 Ethyl.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PUBLIC HEARING -
Variance Application
Will Max Schwartz
Associates

Moulon Rouge

BID NO. 54.5 - Gasoline
Awarded