HOUSE MOVING

Harvey Jones

HOUSE MOVING
Harry Stocks

JUBILEE TRACT



PROVISION OF REFUSE
SPACE

Commercial Buildings
ELEVATOR INSPECTION
BILLBOARD ORDINANCE

LASKY BUILDING



AGREEMENT

Tanner Motors-Police
Car Rentals



BURIAL EQUIPMENT
Woodlawn Cemetery



USED CAR

Fire Prevention Bureau

SETBACK
Moulon Rouge

At this time the Board considered the request of Harvey Jones to move a house from 118-120
South 4th Street to 502 Monroe.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request to move a house from 118-120 South 4th
Street to 502 Monroe be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote.

At this time the Board considered the request of Harry Stocks to move a house from 113
North 8th Street to 337 North 10th Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved to refer this matter back to the Building Department
for further investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Manager reported on the meeting between Ben L. Bingham, Subdivider
of Jubilee Tract, and the property owners in the Crestwood Subdivision concerning square
footage area in the Jubilee Tract.

Mr. Rounthwaite reported that the following agreement was reached:

1100 square foot houses equal to the Crestwood homes on Eastern Avenue with the
exception of the lot next to Eastwood.

1100 square foot houses on the second house lot back from Eastern Avenue.

900 square foot houses facing Eastwood.

900 square foot houses backing up to the multiple units under construction
LOt #1, belonging to Mr. Fisher, will not be built upon.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the Building Department be authorized to issue the
necessary permits in accordance with the deed restrictions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time discussion was held on provision of refuse space for commercial buildings and
the Commission instructed the City Attorney to prepare an ordinance.

At this time the Commission instructed the City Attorney to prepare an ordinance for
inspection of elevators.

Mr. Elkins of the Nevada Outdoor Advertising appeared before the Board at this time to discuss
the Building Permit Sign Fee Ordinance and the Commission instructed the City Attorney
to prepare an ordinance and present it to the Board on July 9, 1954.

At this time the Board considered and discussed a proposed building of Mr. Charles Lasky;
said building to be located at Cincinnati and South 5th Street. Mr. William Coulthard,
representing Mr. Lasky in his request for issuance of a building permit, was present.

Mr. Russell Taylor representing the American Legion and the tenants of their property, was
also present. Mr. Taylor stated that his clients were protesting only on the basis that there
were no parking facilities provided.

Mr. Tom Foley, representing Mr. Theodore Glenn, operator of the Glenn Vegas Motel, was
also present and protested on the same basis stated by Mr. Taylor.

The Board instructed the two protesting groups to meet with Mr. Lasky or his representative
to see if some agreement can't be reached to provide for the necessary off street parking
 facilities. It was determined that this matter would be acted upon on July 9; 1954.

At this time discussion was held on the agreement the City has with Tanner Motor Tours on
Police Car Rentals.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the Agreement between the Tanner Motor Tours and the
City for rental of Police Cars be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager reported at this time that Bunker Brothers had withdrawn their burial
equipment from Woodlawn Cemetery and that he had requested bids on said equipment. Mr.
Rounthwaite further stated that all the bids received were for the same price.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to purchase burial
equipment for Woodlawn Cemetery in the amount of $1,300.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Commission discussed the matter of a used car for the Fire Prevention
Bureau of the Fire Department and the City Manager was instructed to secure bids on the
three standard makes of cars - Ford, Chevrolet and Plymouth, and report back on
July 9, 1954

At this time the Board discussed the set-back provisions for the Moulon Rouge Hotel with
Mr. Tom Foley, representing Will Max Schwartz Associates.

7-7-54