REZONING APPLICATION
Charles Ketchum

Z-5-54

Public Hearing Set

REZONING APPLICATION
Carpenter's Local #1780

Z-11-54

Public Hearing Set

PUBLIC HEARING SET
STREET NAME CHANGE
W. Blvd. & Broadway St.
to Decatur Blvd.

TENTATIVE MAP

Sunset Manor

SETBACKS

TENT FOR CHURCH SERVICES
Westside

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
#100-23

Notice of Public Hear-
ing on Assessment Roll

At this time the Board considered the application of Charles Ketchum for re-
zoning the NW¼ SE¼ Section 29, T20S, R61E, from R-1 to C-1 and R-4.

The Planning Commission voted to recommend that the zone change be made as
follows:

Commencing at the Northeast comer of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section
29, T20S, R61E, MDB&M; thence South along the east line thereof a distance
of 550 feet to a point; thence west a distance of 700 feet, more or less, to
a point; thence southwesterly and at right angles to U.S. Highway 95; thence
150 feet to a point on the west line of said highway; thence northwesterly
along the west line of said highway a distance of 400 feet, more or less, to
a point; thence northeasterly and at right angles to said highway a distance
of 150 feet more or less, to a point; thence easterly a distance of bOO feet
more or less, to a point; thence northerly and parallel to the east line of
the NW¼ of the SE¼ a distance of 200 feet, more or less, to a point on the
south line of Washington Avenue; thence easterly along the south line of
Washington Avenue a distance of 500 feet more or less, to the point of be-
ginning.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this rezoning application be
set for May 19, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple vot-
ing aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The application of the Carpenter's Local #1780 to rezone the NW½ SE¼ Section
29, T20S, R61E, from R-1 to C-1, was considered by the Board at this time.

The Planning Commission voted to recommend the following zone change be made:

A Certain five acre triangular parcel of ground lying west of U.S.
Highway 95 in the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, saving and
excepting the south 350 feet therefrom be rezoned from R-1 to C-1, saving and
excepting the building site which is approximately 100 feet from the south
boundary and fronting approximately 50 feet back from U. S. Highway 95, which
is to be rezoned from R-1 to C-2.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing be set for May 19, 1954 at 7:30
P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the change of street name of West Boulevard
and Broadway Street to Decatur Boulevard.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this proposed street
name change be set for May 19, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Sharp, Bunker and Jarrett and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the tentative map of Sunset Manor.

Commissioner Sharp moved this tentative map be referred to the Engineering
Department, Fire Department and the Police Department to check on the streets
before it is presented to the Board for approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board discussed recommended setbacks for Moss Tract #5,
Industrial Road, San Francisco, Western Avenue, 25th Street and Decatur
Boulevard.

The Planning Commission requested an additional five foot setback on Moss Tract
and the City Attorney was instructed to prepare an ordinance to establish the
setbacks on the above mentioned streets.

Mr. Clough appeared before the Board at this time requesting permission to erect
a tent at 1516 North "C" Street for the purpose of holding revival meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved to refer this matter to the Building Department and
the Fire Department for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the following resolution directing publication of
the Notice of Public Hearing on Assessment Roll for Assessment District No.
100-23 be adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 600, passed, adopted and approved the 12th day of April, 1954.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 600 directs the County
Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an assessment roll in accordance
with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

4-21-54