Las Vegas, Nevada
March 21, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 21st day of March,
1955, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the
 following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Director of Planning	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the construction of
the proposed additions and alterations to the Sewage Treatment Plant, bids were received
from the following firms:

GEORGE E. MILLER CONSTRUCTION CO.	$76,483.00

LEMBKE CLOUGH & KING	73,300.00

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION COMPANY	84,345.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Engineer and City
Manager for computation and recommendation back to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the meeting.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of Drs. J.

H.	Swartzfager, K. F. Smith, G. W. Tueller and Ralph Reed for a Use Permit to erect a
one story building to be used for medical offices on the west side of Rancho Road,
generally located between Charleston Boulevard and Palomino Lane, the matter was
considered by the Board. His Honor announced that this application for Use Permit had
been approved by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, and that the City Commission had set
this public hearing at a regular meeting held March 2, 1955. Mayor Baker asked if there
were arty objections.

The Clerk indicated that two written protests had been filed by Mr. Walter D. Johnson
and Mr. and Mrs. Connie Hurley.

Mr. Bruce Beckley, representing the applicants for this Use Permit, advised the
Commission that Dr. Smith had spoken to Mr. Johnson on March 19, 1955 and shown him the
proposed plans for this development; and that subsequently Mr. Johnson had withdrawn his
protest.

The following property owners appeared and indicated that they were in favor of this
proposed construction:

Monique De Montigny	901 Rancho Road

Betty Albright Compton	900 Rancho Road

Mr. Clarence Sundean also a property owner in this area stated that he was neither for
nor against it, but was present to listen to the discussion.

Discussion followed with the applicants, their architect Mr. Aloysius McDonald and
members of the Commission. It was the decision of the Board of Commissioners that the
description of the property involved should be submitted, showing the location of the
project on said property; and a legal description by metes and bounds placed on file.

It was further determined that these details should be worked out with the Director of
Planning, Director of Public Works and City Manager.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this application be taken under advisement and that the
final decision of the Commission be announced at a special meeting of the Board of
Commissioners to be held March 30, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the request of Mr. Joe Gordon for relocation of the sewer easement on the
north side of Charleston Boulevard between 15th and 16th Streets, next to property
occupied by Lee's Paint Store, was considered. The Director of Public Works reported
that he had heard nothing further from Mr. Gordon or his attorney, Mr. Goldwater.

3-21-55

BID OPENING -

Additions &
Alterations
Sewage Treatment
Plant

PUBLIC HEARING
Medical Offices
Dr. J. H. Swartzfager,
et al

U-7-55

SEWER EASEMENT

Joe Gordon