CRESTVIEW ESTATES NO. 1
Tentative Map

B. M. JONES SUBDIVISION

PROPERTY REQUEST
SPCA

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER CO.
Power Lines

STREET PAVING
25th & San Francisco

CATHOLIC CHURCH
Canosa Avenue

TRAFFIC SIGNAL SYSTEM
Proposed Agreement

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
100-25

Payment to Contractor

Consideration of the Board was given to the tentative map of Crestview Estates No. 1.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map of Crestview Estates No. 1. be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. B. M. Jones appeared before the Board at this time regarding the status of the
streets in the B. M. Jones Subdivision. Mr. Jones stated that he was ready to
complete street improvements and that the delay has resulted because the gas company
has some open ditches which have not been backfilled, and therefore he has not been
able to complete the graveling and paving of said streets.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Jones be granted an additional 30 days to complete
the paving in this subdivision, said time commencing from this date; and that if not
entirely completed within that time, the matter be brought to the attention of the
Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the property request of SPCA was considered by the Board. This property
is adjacent to the sewer pumping plant on Cedar Avenue.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the area be designated and set aside as an animal shelter
subject to the proper zoning to be initiated by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Wade, City Engineer, presented the request of the Southern Nevada Power
Company to install lines to the sewer pumping plant. He proposed that the sum of
$2,279.00 be allowed.

Commissioner Bunker moved that $2,279-00 for power lines be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Wade presented a proposal for the city to pave 2-3/4 miles on San Francisco at a cost
of $6,819.12, and 25th Street from Stewart to Ogden for $3,382.20, totaling $10,201.34
plus gravel and other expenses in the complete sum of $11,701.74.

Mr. Wade recommended approval of the expenditure of $11,701.74 for street paving.

Commissioner Sharp moved approval of $11,701.34 for paving of San Francisco Avenue and
25th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker voted
no on 25th Street and aye on San Francisco Street.

City Engineer George Wade presented the request of the Catholic Church and Jack B. Hassett
for the opening of Canosa Avenue, just west of Maryland Parkway, for $1,088.08.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of the Catholic Church and Jack B. Hassett
for the opening of Canosa Avenue be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Wade presented the proposed agreement with the State Highway for
installation of traffic signal systems at the intersection of Charleston, 25th and
Fremont Streets.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the proposed agreement with the State Highway for a traffic
signal system be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Nevada Electric Company for partial payment on
their contract for the installation of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-25
in the total amount of $25,051.23 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

6-15-55