USE PERMIT APPLICATION
W.J. Moore, Jr.

 V-7-54

Approved

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

OPENING OF BIDS
No. 54.3 - Tires & Tubes

1.	This variance will defeat the purpose of the Master
Plan and the designation that has been give to this
area.

2.	Such change would allow other large commercial ven-
tures in the heart of a fine residential section.

3.	This change would create a precedent that would be
difficult to overcome in other sections.

4. This change would create a traffic hazard.

5. This change would create a problem in connection with
this use of property as a residential area.

Mr. Tom Foley appeared before the Board at this time presenting a
petition signed by approximately 125 individuals asking that this variance
application be granted.

His Honor stated at this time that a decision would be made on this
matter at a later time.

The application of W. J. Moore, Jr. (Hotel El Cortez Enterprises) for
a Use permit to construct and maintain a bar, casino and restaurant
as well as a hotel which will be known as the "Showboat Hotel" in a
portion of the SE¼ of NW¼ of Section 1, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M lying westerly
of the Boulder Highway, as recommended by the Planning Commission,
was considered at this time./

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning
Commission be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 17th day of March, 1954,
having considered the application of W. J. Moore, Jr., for a Use
Permit to construct and maintain a bar, casino and restaurant as well
as a hotel in a portion of the SE¼ of NW¼ of Section 1, T21S, R6lE,

MDB&M lying westerly of the Boulder Highway; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City
Planning Commission recommending approval of this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the
application of W. J. Moore, Jr., U-7-54, as approved by the City
Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted and the inspec-
tion departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Sharp stated that his firm were the architects for this
hotel.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the re-
zoning from R-E to R-1 of the NE¼ SE¼ of Section 30, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M
the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Plan-
ning Commission be accepted and the NE¼SE¼ of Section 30, T20S, R6lE
MDB&M be rezoned from R-E to R-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and Whipple voting aye; noes,

none. Commissioner Sharp and His Honor Mayor Baker passed their votes.

Mayor Baker stated that he has an interest in this property.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the re-
zoning of Lots 7 and 8, Block 13, HFM&N Addition, generally located
on the southwest comer of Monroe and "E" Streets, from R-4 to C-2,
the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing be continued
until April 7, 1954 and all property owners within a 300 foot radius
be notified.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for tires and tubes
the matter was considered by the Board and bids were received from
the following firms:

HERB WALDMAN

LAS VEGAS FIRESTONE DEALERS, INC.

ANDY ANDERSON
BILL WERNER
NEVADA TIRE SERVICE
U.S. TIRE SUPPLY
TODKILL GENERAL TIRE
FLINCO, INC.