Washington Ave.

Plunket Tract Alley

Sec. 26, T20S, R61E
Street

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Searchlight College
U-17-54

USE PERMIT
Henry S. Scott

USE PERMIT -
Margaret Clawson
U-30-54
Denied

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street
purposes on Washington Avenue, executed by V. D. and Ann Eachus, dated August 26,
1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of September, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
26th day of August, 1954, executed by V. D. and Ann Eachus to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for the alley in
the Plunket Tract executed by Jim L. and Dorothy J. Shetakis, dated August 19, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 1st day of September, 1954, by the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated
the 19th day of August, executed by Jim L. and Dorothy J. Shetakis to the city of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes in
Section 26, T20S, R61E, executed by Frank and Alice Klinkhammer, dated August 27,
1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 1st day of September, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
27th day of August, 1954, executed by Frank and Alice Klinkhammer to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Action on the application of Dr. Howard D. Tawney for a Use Permit to use 311
Bonneville Avenue to conduct the Searchlight College was held until September 15,
1954.

The Board considered the application of Henry S. Scott for a Use Permit to use
his residence at 428 Van Buren Avenue for a business address. The recommendation
of the Board of Adjustment was that this application be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be approved subject to the condition
that only one truck be allowed, that this truck be parked on private property
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of September, 1954, having considered the
application of Henry S. Scott for a Use Permit to use his residence at 428 Van
Buren Avenue for a business address; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
denying this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that the application of Henry S.
Scott for a Use Permit to use his residence at 428 Van Buren Avenue for a business
address be approved subject to the condition that only one truck be allowed and that
this truck be parked on private property, and the inspection departments are
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

Consideration was given to the application of Margaret Clawson for a Use Permit
to conduct a friendship club in her home, in addition to five duplexes, at
406 Bonneville. This application was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment be accepted, and this application denied, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 1st day of September, 1954, having considered the
application of Margaret Clawson for a Use Permit to conduct a friendship club in her
home in addition to five duplexes at 406 Bonneville;

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application.

9-1-54