ARCHITECT'S CONTRACT
City Hall Alteration

CITY HALL ALTERATION
Supervision

RECREATION CENTER
Supervision

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 25, 1954

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this
25th day of August, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 6:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P. Sharp

City Manager	George	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Mgr.	R. W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard	W. Cannon

City Engineer	George	Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple opened the meeting stating that it was the desire of the
Commission to go over the set-up as to the Architect's responsibility in the alterations to
City Hall, and what the situation is in the remodeling. He stated that the City has run
into things that there does not seem to be an answer for, and the Board would like to
discuss it.

Mr. Whipple indicated that it was the understanding of the Commission that there had been a
lack of supervision on the job since the commencement and would like to hear the Architect,

Mr. Welborn's side of the story: if he	had neglected it and if so,	why.

Mr. Vernon Welborn was present at this	time and stated that he did	not feel	he	had	neglected

the job. He further outlined briefly why he did not feel he had been derelict in his
duties by pointing out that under his original contract he had been	requested to furnish

plans for a single floor which he did.	Later it was found that it	would be	to	the	best

advantage of the City, and within the money allotted, to have two floors instead of the
original plan with steel partitions. Thereafter new plans were made and submitted. Mr.

Welborn further stated that he had been on the job several times as had his assistant
Mr. Julio Lucasia and engineers he had hired to assist him had been here on three
occasions.

Discussion followed.

At the hour of 7:30 P.M. His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple and Commissioner Bunker left the
meeting to hold a public hearing on the proposed off-street parking ordinance.

Further discussion followed with Mr. Welborn, his attorney, C. Norman Cornwall, and
representatives of the City.

This discussion recessed at the hour of 8:30 P.M.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 10:00 P.M. with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

City Engineer	George Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Jarrett moved that any changes to the contract on the City Auditorium be run
through the Director of Public Works, George Wade and through him only, and that he report to
the Board where there is any additional expense.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the present Youth Center known as the City Recreation Center,
being constructed also be under the supervision and jurisdiction of the Director of Public
Works and any changes in plans and/or specifications be granted through his office: further
that where there is additional expense involved this matter be brought to the Board of
Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye: noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Board requested that Mr. John Weller be contacted to ascertain how much the City owes
him for his services and that this matter be reported back to the Commission.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting adjourned.

8-25-54