USE PERMIT
Swartzfager, Smith,
Tueller & Reed

U-7-55

USE PERMIT

Mardi Gras Hotel
U-9-55

VARIANCE

Donald & Virginia Zak
V-4-55

VARIANCE

Grant & Lelia Hardy

v-5-55

VARIANCE

Dr. F. W. York

v-6-55

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
Culinary Workers Union for a use permit to erect a building, including a social hall,
club rooms and offices for the use of union activities at the NW comer of A Street
and New York Avenue, be approved subject to the Planning Commission being allowed to
secure a setback as shown on the exhibit, and the inspection departments are authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the application of J. H. Swartzfager, M.D., K. F. Smith,
M.D., G. W. Tueller, M.D. and Ralph Reed for a use permit to erect a one story building
to be used for medical offices at Rancho Road between Charleston and Palomino Lane.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on this application for a use permit be
held on March 21, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Consideration was given at this time to the application of Clem Malone for a use permit
for the construction of a casino building and dining area in conjunction with the Mardi
Gras Hotel, located in a portion of the S½ of Section 22, T20S, R61E. This use permit
was approved by the Board of Adjustment with the provision that a fence be erected.

No action was taken on this application for a use permit as the building is not ready for
occupancy.

At this time the Board considered the application of Donald and Virginia Zak for a
variance to construct eight dwelling units on 12,827 square feet where 14,000 square
feet are required on Lots 23 to 26, Boulder Dam Homesite Tract No. 4.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Donald and Virginia Zak for a variance
be approved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of March, 1955, having considered the application
of Donald and Virginia Zak for a variance to construct eight dwelling units on 12,827
square feet where 14,000 square feet are required on Lots 23 to 26, Boulder Dam Homesite
Tract No. 4; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
recommending that this application be approved for a variance to construct eight dwelling
units;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Donald
and Virginia Zak for a variance to construct eight dwelling units on 12,827 square feet
where 14,000 square feet are required on Lots 23 to 26, Boulder Dam Homesite Tract No. 4,
be approved, and the inspection departments authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the application of Grant and Lelia M. Hardy to add
one dwelling unit in addition to two existing duplexes at 213 North 13th Street. This
variance was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this application for variance be continued until the next
regular meeting, March 16, 1955*

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the application of Dr. F. W. York for a variance to
operate a medical office in one half of a duplex located at 725-727 South 4th Street.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Dr. F. W. York for a variance to operate
a medical office be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 2nd day of March, 1955; having considered the application of Dr.

F. W. York for a variance to operate a medical office; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment recommending
that this application for a variance to operate a medical office be approved;

3-2-55