RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Industrial Road

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Ind. Rd; N. Y.; Chicago
& Boston

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
EASEMENT

Bruce; 25th & Harris
Sts.

PUBLIC HEARING SET
VARIANCE
APPEAL

Thomas E. Kirby

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance
Ola H. Gamer
Approved

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of right-of-way deeds for street
purposes on Industrial Road, dated the 26th of May, 1954; executed by Larkin
Plumbing & Heating Co.; Oscar J. and Annie M. Scherer; Charles Crespi and
M. H. Manuel; dated the 26th day of May, 1954, and executed by M. D.

Schroeder, Harry Demina, Oscar J. and Annie M. Scherer and Charles C. Crespi.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett; duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and
carried unanimously; the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED; this 16th day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark; State of Nevada that the deed; dated
the 26th day of May, 1954, executed by Larking Plumbing & Heating Co.;

Oscar J. and Annie M. Scherer; Charles Crespi and M. H. Manuel; dated the
26th day of May, 1954, and executed by M. D. Schroeder; Harry Domina; Oscar J.
and Annie M. Scherer and Charles C. Crespi, to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark; State of Nevada; and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted; for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed; and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for
street purposes on Industrial Road; New York, Chicago and Boston Streets, dated
the 26th day of May, 1954, and executed by O. J. and Annie M. Scherer, M. H.

Manuel, and Charles C. Crespi.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 26th day
of May; 1954, and executed by O. J. and Annie M. Scherer, M. H. Manuel, and
Charles C. Crespi to the City of Las VegaS, County of Clark; State of Nevada;
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed; and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark;
State of Nevada; and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of an easement from the Las Vegas Land
& Water Company for street purposes on the extension of Bruce Street north; the
extension of 25th Street North; a portion of Harris Avenue between Bruce and 25th
Streets, and the roadway east of the High School property and west of 25th Street.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the above mentioned easement presented by the Las
Vegas Land and Water Company be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the appeal of Thomas E. Kirby on the denial of his
application for a variance to construct and maintain an office and rental unit in
addition to an existing single family residence on Lot 4, Block 16, 14th Street Add'n;

430 North 15th Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the public hearing on this appeal be set for
July 7, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker; Jarrett; Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of Ola H.

Gamer on the denial of her application for a variance to maintain a commercial
barbecue pit and stand at 1417 "H" Street; the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance application. There
were none voiced.

Emilie Wanderer appeared before the Board at this time representing Mrs. Garner.

Mrs. Wanderer stated that the barbecue pit was to be used primarily for recreational
purposes for the members of the Church of God in Christ. Considerable discussion
was held on the matter and Mrs. Gamer stated that she understood she would have to
meet the required standards of the Health; Fire; and Building Departments.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for a variance to maintain a
commercial barbecue pit and stand at 1417 "H" Street be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 16th day of June, 1954, having considered the
application of Ola H. Gamer for a variance to maintain a commercial barbecue pit
and stand at 1417 "H" Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment denying this applica-
tion.

NOW; THEREFORE; it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ola

H.	Gamer for a variance to maintain a commercial barbecue pit and stant at 1416 "H"
Street be and the same is hereby approved subject to compliance with City Ordinances
and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

6-16-54