a depth of two hundred (200) feet or to the rear boundaries of
such property fronting on "A" Street, whichever distance may be the
lesser; to an intersection with the Westerly right-of-way of the
Union Pacific Railroad; thence Southwestwardly along the Westerly
right-of-way line of the Union Pacific Railroad to its intersection,
with a line lying two hundred (200) feet Southerly of, and parallel to
the Southerly line of Bonanza Road; thence Westwardly along the said
line lying two hundred (200) feet Southerly of, and parallel to the
Southerly line of Bonanza Road to a point which is the intersection
of the Southerly prolongation of the North and South one-quarter (¼)

Section line of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, including all property
fronting on the Southerly line of Bonanza Road for a depth of two
hundred (200) feet, or to the rear boundaries of such property, which-
ever may be the lesser; thence North along the said prolongation of the
one-quarter (¼) Section line of Section 28, and the one-quarter (¼)

Section line of Section 28, to a point where said one-quarter (¼) Sec-
tion line is intersected by a line two hundred (200) feet Northerly of
and parallel to the Northerly line of Bonanza Road; thence Eastwardly
along said line parallel with Bonanza Road to the true point of be-
ginning, including all property fronting on the Northerly line of Bo-
nanza Road for a depth of two hundred (200) feet, or to the rear boun-
daries of such properties, whichever may be the lesser, all situated
within the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

SECTION 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the Plats, Diagrams, and
Plans of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the
expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and examination.

SECTION 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at
the City Hall in said City on Wednesday, the 21st day of September, 1955, at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M., to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that
may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating
thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior
to said meeting.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said
estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the
proposed improvement or work, of the location of the improvement, of the district
to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any sugges-
tions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improve-
ments. Said notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive
weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City
of Las Vegas and by posting said notices in at least three public places near the
site of said proposed work.

SECTION 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts
of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this
ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way
the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 10. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada shall cause this ordinance to be published once a
week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption
in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall became effective immediately following the second publication here-
of.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED THIS 8th day of September, 1955.

Commissioner Fountain then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.
The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with
the following result: Those voting aye: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,
Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay: none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by Commissioner Fountain that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage
and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended
for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said ordinance at
this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay: none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

9-8-55