STREET PEDDLING
Vito Galante

USE PERMIT

H. M. Sloan
U-l-55

VARIANCE
Western Heating
& Ventilating

V-l-55

REZONING

Wilhelminia Dobbins
Z-43-54

REZONING
A. C. Delkin
Z-2-55

Mr. Vito Galante appeared before the Board at this time, requesting permission to
sell pencils on the street without a license.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor	voting aye;	noes, none.

Consideration was given at	this time	to the request of H.	M. Sloan to	convert fourteen

of twenty-one units into a	series of	fourteen	professional offices to	be known as

E. Charleston Professional	Center in	the 2000	block of E.	Charleston,	continued from

February 2, 1955-

Commissioner Sharp moved that this application for a use permit be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 16th day of February, 1955, having considered the application
of H. M. Sloan for a use permit to convert fourteen of twenty-one units into a series of
fourteen professional offices to be known as E. Charleston Professional Center in the
2000 block of E. Charleston; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
recommending that this application be approved for a series of professional offices;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of H. M. Sloan
for a use permit to convert fourteen of twenty-one units into a series of fourteen
professional offices to be known as E. Charleston Professional Center in the 2000
block of E. Charleston, be approved, and the inspection departments authorized to issue
the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Western Heating and Ventilating to
vary the 5 foot side yard requirements to allow the installation of an air conditioning
unit to within 26 inches of the side property line at 721 South 6th Street. This
variance was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Mr. Martinet appeared requesting approval of this variance.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this variance be approved subject to compliance with the
Building Code, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 16th day of February, 1955, having considered the application
of Western Heating & Ventilating to vary the 5 foot side yard requirements to allow
the installation of an air conditioning unit to within 26 inches of the side property
line at 721 South 6th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this. Board that the application of Western
Heating & Ventilating to vary the 5 foot side yard requirements to allow the installation
of an air conditioning unit to within 26 inches of the side property line at 721 South
6th Street, be approved subject to compliance with the Building Code, and the inspection
departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given at this time to the application of Wilhelminia Dobbins for
reclassification of Lots 1 to 6 and Lots 8 to 12, Block 11 and all of Block 19, Valley
View Addition from R-3 and R-4 to C-2.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on this rezoning application be set for
March 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of A. C. Delkin for reclassification
of Lots 6 and 7, Block 2, Pioneer Heights from R-4 to C-2. This application was denied
by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and that this rezoning application be denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 16th day of February, 1955, having considered the application
of A. C. Delkin for reclassification of Lots 6 and 7, Block 2, Pioneer Heights from
R-4 to C-2, and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission
recommending that this application be denied;

2-16-55