REZONING

Mrs. Shelbourne

z-7-55

REZONING

Joe W. Pittman

z-8-55

REZONING

James C. Young
z-9-55

REZONING

Billy Wallace

Z-10-55

REZONING

Rose Holding Corp.

Z-11-55

REZONING	

Southern Nevada Power Co
z-12-55

CHARLESTON PARK #2
Tentative Map

VARIANCE

Anthony Kasian
V-12-55

Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing on this application for rezoning be
held at the regular meeting, June 1, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Mrs. Shelbourne for reclassifi-
cation of Lots 16, 17, and 18, Block 20, Original Townsite, from R-3 to R-4, as denied by
the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and that this application for rezoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Joe W. Pittman for the reclassifi-
cation of a portion of Lot 1, Block 8, Artesian Acres, 105' x 296' from R-E to C-2, Z-8-55;
as denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for rezoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of James Chalmers Young for the reclassi-
fication of Lots 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5; Block 2, Maryland Tract #2 from C-1 and C-2 to R-4,

Z-9-55, as approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on the application of James Chalmers Young
for rezoning be held at the regular meeting on June 1, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Billy Wallace for reclassifica-
tion of Lot 21, Block 1, Van Patten Tract #1, and Lot 22, Block 1, Van Patten Tract #2 from
R-2 to R-4, Z-10-55, as approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the application of Billy Wallace for
rezoning be held at the regular meeting on June 1, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Rose Holding Corporation for reclass-
ification of the rear one-half of Lot 9, Block 22, H.F.M.& M. subdivision, from R-3 to C-2,
Z-11-55; as approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the application of the Rose Holding
Corporation for rezoning be held at the regular meeting on June 1, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Southern Nevada Power Company
for the reclassification of Lot 1, Block 1 of Maryland Tract #2 as shown by the map on
file in Book 4 of Plats, Page 6, in the office of the County Recorder, together with that
portion of the North 40 feet of Charleston Boulevard (now vacated) lying in front of said
lot (10th & Charleston) from C-1 to C-2, Z-12-55, as approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on the application of the Southern Nevada
Power Company for rezoning be held at the regular meeting on June 1, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the tentative map of resubdivision of a portion of Charleston Park #2, as
approved by the Planning Commission was considered.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map of resubdivision of a portion of Charleston
Park #2 be approved subject to conditions and recommendations of the Planning Commission
and the checking of the dedication of St. Louis Street by the Engineering Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application for a variance to operate and
maintain a plant nursery on land described as a portion of the NE¼, SE¼ , Section 29, T20S,
R61E, M.C.B. & M., generally described as being located in the rear of 2228½ West Bonanza
Road, east of Dyke Lane, in an R-1 zone, V-12-55, as denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
and that the application of Anthony Kasian for a variance be denied, and the following
resolution adopted:

5-4-55