BUSINESS LICENSE
ISSUANCE

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Director of Public Works be authorized to
explore the possibility of negotiating to terminate the vehicle rental agreement
and enter into a rental agreement with an option to purchase over a long-term
finance basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon presented a written opinion concerning the problem
of using telephone message centers as a business address. Mr. Cannon explained
that transient types of business are using these locations in order to obtain
business licenses, and numerous complaints have been received due to the fact that
the licensee has left the City with no forwarding address.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be authorized to prepare the
necessary amendment which would prohibit this practice.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner
Sharp moved that this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Date:	March 30, 1955

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, on the
30th day of March, 1955, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	License applications on file for the 2nd quarter 1955

a)	Liquor Applications

b)	Gaming Applications

c)	Cigarette Applications

2.	Use Permit application of Drs. J. H. Swartzfager, K. F. Smith, G. W. Tueller
and Ralph Reed to erect a one-story building to be used for medical offices
on the west side of Rancho Road between Charleston Blvd. and Palomino Lane.
U-7-55, approved by the Board of Adjustment, matter continued from 3-2-55.

3.	Discussion on trade of property with Catholic Church.

4.	Civil Service recommendations on merit increases.

5.	Proposed sewer rental agreement with "Strip Hotels".

6.	Recommendation on bids opened March 21, 1955 on the additions and alterations
to the Sewage Treatment Plant.

7.	Discussion on questions to be placed on the Municipal Election ballot and a
fiscal agent for these bonds.

8.	Use Permit Application of Dr. Rulon Whitehead to construct a one-story dental
office in the 300 block on Maryland Parkway. U-14-55.

9.	Recision of authority given to City Manager for purchase of additional parking
meters.

10.	Emergency Ordinance amending Building Code, allowing open parking garages.

11.	Request of City Attorney for authority to abate a nuisance of a child nursery
located at 1315 Francis Avenue, Mrs. Flo Hanson.

12.	Authority to purchase a counting machine for parking meter money.

13.	Authorization to issue a warrant to reimburse City Treasurer's petty cash
fund in the amount of $1,038.52.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, REX A. JARRETT, HARRIS P. SHARP,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and GEORGE H. ROUNTHWAITE, City Manager, ROBERT W.
NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City
of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day

3-21-55

3-30-55