TENTATIVE MAP

Edgeview Manor

JUDY RICH ENTERPRISES
Z-32-54

DESERT SALES CORP.

TENTATIVE MAP
Glenn Heather Subdivision

APPEAL— USE PERMIT

M. S. McCoy

VARIANCE

Mrs. T. H. Steele

DAMAGED MOTORCYCLE

DETECTIVE AGENCY LICENSE
Lewis Whitney
Approved

WESTSIDE TAVERN

Mr. Foley requested that before the Commission makes a decision on this matter that
another check be made to see if the plans for the carport can be located.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this matter be continued to give the Building
Department more time to find said plans.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the tentative map of Edgeview Manor subdivision
be approved as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the application of Judy Rich Enterprises for the reclassification of
land adjacent to San Francisco Street and Tam Tract from M-1 and R-4 to C-2 was
considered.

The Planning Commission requested that this matter be deferred until the next
meeting so that a legal description of this property may be furnished.

The Planning Commission requested approval in general principle of the proposal of
Desert Sales Corporation for the dedication on an 80 foot highway (approximately
500 feet in length) running south from Charleston Boulevard, together with the
request for the reclassification of property east of the proposed street dedication
from R-4 to M-1, and request for a variance on a portion of R-4 land adjacent to
the proposed street.

The Board after much discussion agreed with the principle of this proposal as
presented this evening; however, there was no action taken.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the tentative map of the Glenn Heather Subdivision
be approved subject to clearance from the School District concerning a school site.

Seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Jarrett did not vote as he
has a financial interest in this property.

The Board considered the appeal of M. S McCoy of the denial of his application
for a Use Permit to construct a service station at the intersection of Charleston
Boulevard and Rancho Road.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that a Public Hearing be set for November 17, 1954.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Mrs. T. H. Steele appeared before the Board requesting a variance
for off-street parking at 209 East Charleston. Mrs. Steele stated that she was
having trouble renting these offices due to the fact that parking was a problem.

The Board stated that as this was a State Highway, the Board could really take
no action.

At this time Howard Cannon, City Attorney, requested that the Board approve the
request of the party who damaged the City's motorcycle to pay for this over a
period of time. Said person has no insurance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this recommendation be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the application of Lewis Whitney for a Detective
Agency License, dba Merchant Patrol, Inc., 900 South 5th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Commissioner Sharp arrived at the meeting.

At 9:30 P.M. the meeting adjourned.

The meeting reconvened at 9:45 P.M. with all members present.

Mr. Joe Foley representing Mr. Joseph Mankiewitz appeared before the Board at
this time requesting renewal of the beer license and restaurant beverage license
for the Westside Tavern.

The Building and Fire Departments recommend this building be condemned and that
it either be demolished or moved.

Mr. Foley asked that the Board reinstate the above licenses for a reasonable
time and in the meantime Mr. Mankiewitz will either bring this building up to
code or find another place.

The Building Department has not as yet condemned this building, but stated it
is a fire hazard and in a very dangerous area.

10-20-54