BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING Deeds for street purposes on Rose Street were presented at this time to the Board for
R/W DEEDS	consideration.

Rose Street	On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried

unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 3rd day of March, 1954, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of Nevada, that the
deeds dated and executed as follows:

Ann Aber Roney and James H. Roney, dated February 9, 1954
Jack Barrett and Virginia Barrett, H/W

A. G. Quinn and Margaret B. Quinn, H/W, dated February 10, 1954

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed and that the same he recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING A deed for street purposes an Tonopah Drive were presented at this time to the Board
R/W DEED	for consideration.

Tonopah Drive	On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried

 unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 3rd day of March, 1954, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada , that the
deed dated the 17th day of February, 1954, executed by

Richard E. Schroeder and Dawn M. Schroeder, H/W
Nels A. Hilde and Frieda E. Hilde, H/W

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
	County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

VACATION	At this time the Board considered	the vacation of a	portion of Wyoming Street

Wyoming & So. 3rd	Sts.	between 5th and 3rd Streets and a portion of South	3rd Street between 5th and Oakey

Boulevard.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved these vacations be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE APPLICATION	The application of R. J Merrill	to operate a real	estate office at 1534 Charleston

R. J. Merrill	Boulevard, as recommended by the	Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

V-7-54

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
Approved	be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of March, 1954, having considered the appli-
cation of R. J. Merrill for a variance to operate a real estate office at 1534
Charleston Boulevard; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning
Commission recommending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of R. J. Merrill, V-7-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the
same is hereby granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the
necessary permits.

VARIANCE APPLICATION  The application of William and Leanna Chadwick to construct accessory living
Mm & Leanna Chadwick	quarters to within 5 feet of the rear property line at 1610 So. 13th Street, as

V-8-54	recommended by the planning Commission, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William and Leanna Chadwick
for a variance be denied and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of March, 1954, having considered the application
of William and Leanna Chadwick for a variance to construct accessory living quarters
at 1610 South 13th Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning
Commission recommending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of William and Leanna Chadwick, V-8-54, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.