RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Industrial Road

AGREEMENT - SCOTCH EIGHTY ADDN
Removal of Pump House

CONDEMNED BUILDINGS
StateLoan & Jewelry
104 Fremont

REDUCTION OF LICENSE FEE
Mr. C. 0. Long

REDUCTION OF LICENSE FEE
Mr. Fred Kennedy

GAMING APPLICATIONS

2nd Qtr. 1954

Additionals

Renewals

Change of Ownership



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
2nd Qtr. 1954

Change of Ownership
Transfer of License

Deeds for street purposes on Industrial Road were presented to the Board at this time
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 7th day of April, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated
the 5th day of April, 1954 executed by

a)	Judy Rich Enterprises

b)	Richard and Doris Shoong Tam

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the agreement with Victor and Marjorie Kunkel to remove a
pump house from the right-of-way in the Scotch Eighty Addition be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that State Loan and Jewelry at 104 Fremont Street, a
condemned building, be granted a license to run 90 days from the date of the Ordinance
on Condemned Buildings; that is until June 10, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mr. C. 0. Long for reduction of
solicitors license fee. Mr. Long wants to make home deliveries of bakery products.

Discussion was held on this matter and Mr. Long was advised to obtain an established
location and then apply for a general business license.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mr. Fred Kennedy for reduction of
solicitors license fee. Mr. Kennedy wants to make home deliveries of ice cream and
frozen pies.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Kennedy be granted a license at $15.00
per quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following gaming applications for 2nd Qtr. 1954 be
approved:

HUNTRIDGE DRUG STORE	W. L. Holst, Jr.	1306 E Charleston	8	slots

SNAX 5TH AVE.	O. W. Glenn	417 So. 5th	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following gaming applications for the 2nd Qtr. 1954 be
approved:

DAIRY BAR	Ted Patton Music	Co.	1525 Fremont	4	slots

FRYS RICHFIELD	STA.	"	""	"	5th & Fremont	2 slots

JACKPOT BAR	"	"		"	222 Fremont	9 slots

PARA DICE INN	Frank C. Ellis	2207 Fremont	2	slots

TASTY PASTRY	Ted Michelas	2226 E Charleston	1	slot

TOWN BARBECUE	Ted Patton Music	Co.	506 Fremont	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the gaming application for 2nd Qtr. 1954, of Ralph and
Margaret Poletta, Coffee Bob's, 127 South 2nd Street, for 2 slots be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of August Alphonse Lauchert and Peter George
Gruneisen for a Retail Liquor License at the Sports Liquor Store, 419 North Main
Street, formerly owned by Hans Eberhardt, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of L. B. Scherer for a Tavern Liquor License
at the Lucky Strike Club, 117 Fremont, formerly issued to the Shamrock Hotel, be appro-
ved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.