WHEREAS, said assessment roll has been filed and is now ready for con-
firmation; and

WHEREAS, there have been many protests on the cost of construction of
the improvements in this district; and

WHEREAS, it is felt that the district should be abandoned at this
time without prejudice to any future action which may be taken.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting held on the 10th day of
May, 19%, that the assessment roll heretofore prepared for Assessment
District No. 100-26, be and the same is hereby rejected, and all further
proceedings be and the same hereby are abandoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager George Rounthwaite presented the proposed contract with Carl
Belding for concession rights at the City Ball Park, Swimming Pool and
Cashman Field. Mr. Rounthwaite explained that the Recreation Department
& Comptroller had studied this matter and requested the City Attorney to
prepare said contract for presentation to the Commission; he further stated
that bids had been requested from concessionaires and had been received
from Mr. Belding and two others. The recommendation of the City Manager
was that Mr. Belding's bid was the best bid and should be accepted.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager
be accepted and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign said contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

City Manager George Rounthwaite recommended that the bid of Schramm, Inc.
for an engine driven compressor for the Woodlawn Cemetery, designated as
Bid No. 54.11 opened by the Board of Commissioners on April 21, 1954, be
accepted. Mr. Rounthwaite stated that this bid was the low bid in the
amount of $1500.00 and met the specifications called for.

Commissioner Whipple asked if any of the bids submitted by inland Service
would meet our needs. Thereafter Mr. Rounthwaite requested additional
time for report on this matter later in this meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of April 21, 23 and 26, 1954, be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the recommendation of the Civil Service Board of Trustees
concerning the realignment of salary scheduled in the Police Department
was presented for consideration.

The Civil Service Board recommended that in order to stabilize salaries
and prepare a better alignment between the Police and Fire Departments
that the following adjustments be made:

1.	Patrolman salary be raised from Schedule 20 to
Schedule 21.

2.	Sergeant salary be raised from Schedule 22 to
Schedule 23.

3.	Lieutenant salary be raised from Schedule 23 to
Schedule 24.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the recommendation of the Civil Service
Board with reference to the realignment of salaries in the Police Depart-
ment be approved, effective May 1, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The application of Harry Dillon for a Tavern Liquor License at the Sham-
rock Hotel, Main and Bonanza for the second quarter of 19% was presented
for consideration.

Chief A. H. Kennedy verified that Mr. Dillon had been cleared by the Police
Department, and discussion was held concerning whether or not Mr. Dillon
had a lease on the bar. Chief Kennedy stated that he understood that Mr.
Dillon would be willing to sign an agreement that the license would stay
at this location.

Commissioner Jarrett asked if the Board could amend the ordinance so that
liquor licenses could not be transferred out of hotels.

The City Attorney advised that this could be accomplished by amendment to
the ordinance or as a policy matter.

His Honor stated that if said license is granted it would be with the under-
standing that the license is not transferable.

No action was taken on Mr. Dillons application at this time.

5-10-54

CONCESSION CONTRACT
Ball Park, Swimming Pool
and Cashman Field

BID NO. 54.11
Compressor for
Woodlawn Cemetery



MINUTES

POLICE DEPARTMENT
SALARIES
Civil Service

Recommendation



LIQUOR LICENSE
Shamrock Hotel