REPORT

Westside Recreation
Center

REPORT

Westside Nursery School

FINAL MAP-Resubdivision
Desert Park No. 3

FINAL ACCEPTANCE
Hyde Park No. 3

FINAL ACCEPTANCE
Street Improvement
No. 10th St.

FINAL ACCEPTANCE
Addn to Central Fire Sta-
tion

BID OPENING
Bid No. 54.21
Bid No. 54.22



AWARD OF BID
Alteration of City Hall
Bid No. 54. 19



JUDY RICH TRACT
R/W ON WASHINGTON

Mr. Foley appeared before the Board to present the problem which has arisen. Mr. Foley
explained that the plans, as drawn for the proposed Moulon Rouge, puts the set-back
from the center line of West Bonanza Road as 106 feet. Mr. Foley further stated that
in accordance with the variance that was granted by the Board of Commissioners on
March 29, 1954, the minutes indicate that the proposed building will be no closer than
140 feet from the center line. Mr. Foley explained it was the understanding of his
client that this 140 foot set-back was intended only to apply to the gambling casino
and the liquor dispensing portion of the proposed hotel. Discussion followed with the
Board of Commissioners.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that the minutes of the meeting of March 29, 1954,
at which the variance of Will Max Schwartz was granted, be corrected to show that it was
the intent of the Board of Commissioners that the set-back of 140 feet from the center
line of West Bonanza Road for the proposed Moulon Rouge apply to the gambling casino
and the area where alcoholic beverages are to be served, and did not pertain to any
other portion of the proposed building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Whipple. Commissioner
Sharp passed his vote.

At this time the City Manager reported that the City Engineer and the Superintendent of
Recreation have prepared a rough sketch on what can be done at the Westside Recreation
Center. Discussion was held and the Commission appointed J. M. Weller as architect
to prepare plans on the proposed Westside Recreation Center for future development.

The City Manager reported that pursuant to the request of the Board at a previous meeting
he had checked the lease the City has with the Variety Club and the Variety Club is
building within the area leased to them for the proposed nursery school on the Westside.

Discussion was held on the final map of the resubdivision of a portion of Desert Park
No. 3 but no action was taken.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final acceptance of Improvements in Hyde Park No. 3
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer recommended that the Board approve the final acceptance
of street improvement on North 10th Street between Stewart and Linden Avenues.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the final acceptance of the street improvements
on North 10th Street between Stewart and Linden Avenue be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Sharp, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board discussed the final acceptance of the addition to the Central
Fire Station.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this final acceptance be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board discussed the opening of bids for the installation of a
sprinkling system at Stewart Avenue Park, Bid No. 54.21 and Madison School Park,

Bid No. 54.22.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that bids be opened on July 21, 1954, at
7:30 P.M. for the installation of a sprinkling system at Stewart Avenue Park
and Madison School Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer recommended that the bid on Bid No. 54.19 Alteration to
City Hall be awarded to Lembke, Clough and King.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the bid on Bid No. 54.19, Alteration to City Hall,
be awarded to Lembke, Clough and King in the amount of $61,220.00 and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign the contract when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Director of Public Works reported that he had talked with Mr. Tam,
President of the Judy Rich Enterprises, on the possibility of dedicating a 15 foot
alley between the Judy Rich Tract and Meadows Addition. Mr. Tam stated that he was
willing to give 8 feet if the adjacent property owners would give the remaining 7
feet; however, the other property owners didn't feel they could give the 7 feet at
this time, so they are to renegotiate.

At this time Mr. W. J. Norton appeared before the Board along with the Director of
Public Works and the Building Inspector to discuss the holdup on the construction
of Mr. Norton's building, at 823 North Main. It was explained to the Board that
there was very little likelihood that the right of way of Washington Boulevard in
this particular area could be utilized. The reason for this is that the UPRR may not
allow the City to go over the railroad tracks at this point and the cost of either
an underpass or overpass would be excessive insofar as the City is concerned.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Norton be issued a new building permit
since the time limit on the original permit has expired, without any charge to
Mr. Norton.

7-7-54