Mr. Kennedy stated that the Director of Public Works has a sketch of the city
property near the State Building to be released to the Girl Scouts.

This matter was held over until the next meeting on September 7, 1955.

 City Manager Kennedy stated that the Union Pacific purchase agreement for the
- Old Ranch area near the present disposal plant has been checked through by the
City Attorney and Finance Department and includes a provision whereby the City
can pay off at any time. He requested that authorization be given for signa-
ture by the Mayor and payment of the down payment of $32,317.60.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign the agreement
for purchase of a portion of the Old Ranch property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the matter of payment to the Southern Nevada
Power Company for power to serve the pumping lift station. He said that this
had been completed and a bill from the Power Company of $2,279.00, to be
reimbursed over a period of ten years, has been submitted. He requested that
this payment be authorized.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the claim of the Southern Nevada Power Company
for $2,279.00, to be reimbursed over a period of ten years, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy reported on the purchase agreement with Mr. Clark for the fire
station site on East Charleston Boulevard. He stated that Mr. Clark has
agreed to all things that have been set out in the preliminary steps for
improvement, and will sell the City the 75 foot frontage on Charleston
Boulevard for $200.00 a front foot. One contingency to be worked out is the
paving from the existing alley to the new paving.

At this time City Manager Kennedy presented the matter of a raise in salary
for the Municipal Judge, now receiving $300.00 a month. Mr. Kennedy stated
that the state law allows up to $500.00 a month.

Commissioner Sharp suggested that this salary schedule be worked out and
presented at the next meeting of the Board on September 7, 1955.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the Police Department requests the purchase of three
motor scooters to be used by the parking meter men to replace the 3-wheel motor-
cycles now used. The scooters can be purchased for $429.97 each, a saving to the
City of about $5,000.00. Mr. Kennedy recommended the Eagle Motor Scooters, and
requested authorization for this purchase.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Police Department be authorized to purchase three
Eagle Motor Scooters at a cost of $429.97 per scooter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy reported on the proposed modification of the lease with the Golf
Association.

This matter was held until the next meeting of the Board on September 7, 1955.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that he had made an investigation of sound
equipment for the Council Chamber, and had obtained prices for three different
types of sound system. The one he believed best would have the "mikes" on reels
and set in the counter, the speaker down the center, and the control box installed
on the south side of the rostrum. Vet's Radio and TV was the only company interes-
ted in installation of this equipment, at a cost of $700.00.

Commissioner Sharp stated that, in view of the report from the Building Department,
he would make a motion to call the Burns Construction Company, builder of Charles-
ton Heights No. 5 (Cliff May Subdivision) before the Board on September 7, 1955,
to show cause why their license should not be revoked for gross violation of the
Building Code in evidence before the Commission in a report dated August 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that work on Charleston Heights No. 5 be order stopped.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Building Department be instructed not to issue
any permit to the Sunset Manor Tract because the agreement has not been fulfilled
to set aside 5 acres of land for a school site.

GIRL SCOUT BUILDING

UNION PACIFIC PROPERTY
Signature Authoriza-
tion

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER
COMPANY
Payment

FIRE STATION SITE
Purchase Agreement

SALARY INCREASE
Municipal Judge

MOTOR SCOOTER PUR-
CHASE

Police Department



GOLF ASSOCIATION

SOUND EQUIPMENT
Council Chamber

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 5

License Revocation

Work Stopped

SUNSET MANOR TRACT
Permit

8-17-55