ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-25
Confirmation of
Assessment Roll No.
30-1954

Assessment Roll
copied on Page 167

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

Payment to Engineer

BID NO. 54.11
Compressor for Woodlawn
Cemetery - Awarded



BUILDING AREA
RESTRICTIONS

Jubilee Tract

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirma-
tion on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-
Officio City Assessor for the placing of said assessments on the official
rolls of the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Assessment Roll No. 30-1954 covering the
installation of Improvements in Assessment District No. 100-2$ be confirmed
on the Engineer's estimate and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of
Nevada, and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain
streets and parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-2$ for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making
said improvements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally
included in the sums assessed against the owners and the assessable lots,
premises and property according to frontage; and

WHEREAS, the said assessment roll was filed with the City Clerk on
the 21st day of April, 1954; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said assess-
ment roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the hearing on said roll has been regularly recessed until
this date; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said assessment roll.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof, held on the 10th
day of May, 1954, that Assessment Roll No. 30-1954 be and the same hereby
is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said con-
firmation on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor,
Ex-Officio City Assessor for the placing of said assessments on the
official rolls of the County of Clark, State Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the payment to Silas Mason for engineering
services on Assessment District No. 100-2$ be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign Warrant No. $1983 in the total amount
of $4,429.60.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Rounthwaite, City Manager, recommended that the bid of Schramm, Inc.
in the amount of $1500.00 for furnishing an engine driven compressor for
the Woodlawn Cemetery be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager on Bid
No. 54.11 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time Mr. Ben L. Bingham, subdivider of the Jubilee Tract appeared
before the Commission and requested that the stop order on the issuance
of building permits on this tract issued May 5, 1954, be rescinded in
part. Mr. Bingham explained that he was unaware of the building area
restriction of 1200 square feet imposed by the Commission in May of 1954.
Further discussion was held with the Building Inspector, City Engineer
and the Commission. Mr. Bingham asked that action be taken so that per-
mits can be issued for the R-3 area of this tract.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the Building Department be
authorized to issue permits for thirty-three triplexes in the Jubilee
Tract, described as follows:

Lots $ to 19 inc., Block 1; Lots $ to 10 inc., Block 2;

Lots $ to 10 inc., Block 3; and Lots 5 to 9 inc., Block
4 of the Jubilee Tract as recorded in Clark County Re-
corder's Office, Book 4 of Plats, Page 28.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

5-10-54