Contractors desiring to bid on this work, if not already qualified under the State law,
shall file with the Department of Highways at Carson City, Nevada, not later than five
(5) days prior to the date for opening of bids, a complete application for qualification
on form furnished by the Department. All requests must be made in writing on the
standard printed form provided free of charge for that purpose by the Department of
Highways.

The attention of bidders is directed to the State Contractor's License Law requirement
that a contractor hold a valid license of a class corresponding to the work to be done.
Requests for license may be directed to the Secretary of the State Contractor's Board,
Security National Bank Building, 180 West First Street, Reno, Nevada. Requests for
general engineering licenses will be processed within ten (10) days after application is
submitted.

H.	D. Mills_______________

State Highway Engineer
Carson City, Nevada

and

Published:	L. V. Sun	Shirley Ballinger

Jan. 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 1955	City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

The application of Nick Laubach for a Retail Beverage liquor license at Your Family Market,
1109 Stewart Street, was held over until January 19, 1955, for the investigation by the
Police Department.

Mr. Clarence Hibbs of Conway, Moe, Hibbs & Funston appeared before the Board at this time
concerning their proposal for auditing of City accounts.

City Manager George Rounthwaite stated that he was expecting proposals from two other
accountants, and requested that action on this matter be held over until January 19, 1955.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of December 15, 20, 29, 1954, and January 3,
1955; be approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Hugh and Winifred Pinkstaff for a
Retail Liquor Miniature license at Sue's Liquor Store, 1232 South 5th Street, formerly
issued to Bernice Morris, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the request of George Mead, owner of the Meadows Apartments located in the
County on East Charleston Boulevard to connect to the City sewer, was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Bunker
moved that this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 19, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 19th day of January, 1955; was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H.	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Mgr.	Robert W.	Notti

City Attorney	Howard W.	Cannon

City Engineer	George E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

1-5-55

1-19-55

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Your Family Market

AUDITING OF CITY
ACCOUNTS

MINUTES

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Sue's Liquor Store

SEWER CONNECTION
Meadows Apts.