PUBLIC HEARING
M. S. McCoy
Use Permit

PUBLIC HEARING
W. R. Husband
Use Permit

HOUSE MOVING
Arthur Nunez

AL ROSE TRAILER
SALES

Temporary Use
Permit

ELDON SMITH, HAROLD
CARTER & RICHARD
SMITH

Claim for Damages

WALTER HAGEN
Request for Per-
mission to Play on
Street

REZONING - Z-33-54

Nevada Southern
Gas Co.

This being the time heretofore set to continue the Public Hearing on the appeal of M. S. McCoy
of the denial of his application for a Use Permit to construct a service station at the inter-
section of Charleston Boulevard and Rancho Road, the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. Cliff Jones, representing General Petroleum Corporation, was present and requested favorable
action. Mr. McCoy presented copy of a petition which he had circulated among the neighbors
within 300 feet of this property.

Mr. Cross and Mrs. Hurley appeared to protest this Use Permit.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Use Permit be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of W. R. Husband of
the denial of his application to store tile at 2222 W. Bonanza Road, His Honor recognized the
applicant.

Mr. Franklin Bills said that the Board of Adjustment denied this request because it would
establish a precedent.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Use Permit be denied until such time as a study
is made of this area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set to consider the request of Arthur Nunez to move a house from 916 South
1st Street to 341-343 North 16th Street, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. There were none voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request to move a house to 341-343 North 16th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. David Zenoff was present representing Al Rose Trailer Sales, Inc. He said that Mr. Rose
had not known that a portion of the property occupied by the trailers for sale is in an R-4
zone and he requested a temporary Use Permit so that they might have time to request this
property be rezoned Commercial.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this matter be held in abeyance while it is investigated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett and His Honor.

Commissioner Whipple moved that his previous motion be withdrawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board instructed the applicant to remove the trailers from the portion of the lot not zoned
Commercial pending his application for a Use Permit or zone change.

The claim of Eldon Smith, Harold Carter and Richard Smith for damages in the amount of $30,000
as a result of an accident on October 14, 1954 on Mesquite Avenue, was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this claim be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Walter Hagen, blind man, appeared before the Board to request permission to play a guitar
on the street. He presented a petition in his behalf from his neighbors in North Las Vegas.

He said his wife now has a part-time job and he hopes soon to work in the Workshop for the
Blind. Chief Kennedy said a number of solicitors on the street were picked up by the Police
Department last Saturday, including Mr. Hagen. He stated that complaints were received not
only from the merchants but also from the Blind Society.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Mr. Hagen's request be denied and that he be referred to the
Blind Society for care.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett suggested that Mr. Hagen contact the Blind Society immediately and if
they cannot help him, the Board would like to see a report from them.

At the hour of 9:05 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 9:20 P.M. with all
members present as of the opening session.

At this time the Board considered the application of Nevada Southern Gas Company for rezoning
from R-3 to M-1 of that portion of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 27, T20S, R61E, M.D.B.&M.,
as approved by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a Public Hearing be held on this application on December 15, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

11-17-54