PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING

STREET NAME CHANGE
Baskin St. to Tonopah Dr.

PUBLIC HEARING
VARIANCE APPLICATION
Will Max Schwartz Assn.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 17, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 17th day of March, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wen dll	Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Acting City Mgr.	George	H. Rounthwaite

City Attorney	Howard	W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants #4021 to #4400 inclusive in the
net amount of $43,840.15 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants #51484 to #51602,
inclusive in the total amount of $65,810.10 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of March 3, 5, 9, 1954 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on changing the name
of Baskin Street back to Tonopah Drive, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this street name change. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the proposed street name change be approved,
and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, there have been requests to rename BASKIN STREET, located between
Rancho Road and Harrison Avenue; and

WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission of Las
Vegas, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas, Nevada made its recommendation
 to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the name of
said street be changed after consideration thereof; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, set a
public hearing on the proposed change of street name and gave notice thereof as
required by law, which public hearing was duly held on the 17th day of March,

1954; and

WHEREAS, at said public hearing all persons were given an opportunity to pre-
test and be heard; and

WHEREAS, the following proposed name change met with the approval of all
persons in attendance at said public hearing and met with the approval of this
Commission and the Commission finds that said name change will facilitate mail
deliveries, aid in locating various properties, and will assist the Fire Department
and Police Department in carrying out their duties.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th day of March,

1954, that the name of the street herein described be and the same hereby changed
as follows:

That portion of Baskin Street which is located on the west line of
the SW¼ of Section 33, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M and the west line of the
NW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, as recorded on
January 26, 1954, Document number 1955; official records book No. 1
of the Clark County Records, be changed to TONOPAH DRIVE.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be signed by the
Mayor, attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark County Recorder as
required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of Will
Max Schwartz Assn. for variance to construct and maintain a casino, bar and enter-
tainment dining room in conjunction with a resort hotel on property located at 900
West Bonanza Road, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance application.

Mr. Milton Keefer, representing 167 property owners in the vicinity of this property
appeared before the Board at this time, presenting a petition signed by these property
owners protesting the granting of this variance. Mr. Keefer stated the property
owners protested the granting of this variance for the following reasons:

3-17-54