the Engineering and Planning Departments, he provided.

3)	That ample parking space of a minimum of two (2) square feet of parking
for each one (1) square foot of building area be provided.

4)	That egress roads be approved prior to construction by the State Highway,

Police Department and Traffic Commission.

5)	That six (6) months from today's date these projects be under construction
and that due diligence be used to complete the same, or this property will

revert back to the original zoning.

6)	That tentative maps of these two projects be made a matter of record and the
following resolution to this effect be adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 21st day of January, 1954, CHARLES J. KETCHAM filed an application with the City Planning Commission for a
zone change on the property hereinafter described as Parcel No. 1; and

WHEREAS, on the 27th day of March, 1954, the Carpenter's Local #1780 filed an application for a zone change with the City
Planning Commission of the property hereinafter described; and

WHEREAS, on March 15th, 1954, the City Planning Commission notified the City Commission that the application of Charles
J. Ketcham was disapproved; and

WHEREAS, on April 20th, 1954, the City Planning Commission notified the Board of Commissioners that the application for
Carpenter's Local #1780 had been favorably considered; and

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the City Commission on March 17th, 1954, the application of Charles Ketcham was referred
back to the Planning Commission for further study; and

WHEREAS, on April 20th, 1954, the City Planning Commission reported to the Board of Commissioners recommending that a zone
change be made under certain conditions and requirements; and

WHEREAS, a public hearing of the Board of Commissioners was set on the application for a zone change by Charles J. Ketcham
and on the application of Carpenter's Local #1780, such public hearing being held oh May 19th, 1954; and

WHEREAS, at a public hearing of the Board of Commissioners held on May 19th, 1954, the Board took the matter under
advisement and took no action at said public hearing and

WHEREAS, at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on June 7th, 1954, it was decided that the proper-
ty of Charles Ketcham and Carpenter's Local #1780 should not be rezoned, but that use permits should be granted to the applicants
subject to certain conditions,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at a recessed regular meeting held
on June 7th, 1954, that Charles J. Ketcham and Carpenter's Local #1780 be and they are hereby granted a use permit for the
following described property:	PARCEL I

Commencing at the northeast comer of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of SEC. 29 T20S, R61E, MDB&M; thence south along the east line thereof
more or less, to a point; thence southwesterly and at right angles to U. S. Highway 95; thence 150 feet to a point on the west
line of said highway; thence northwesterly along the west line of said highway a distance of 400 feet, more or less, to a point;
thence northeasterly and at right angles to said highway a distance of 150 feet, more or less, to a point; thence easterly a
distance of 400 feet, more or less, to a point; thence northerly and parallel to the east line of the NW¼ of the SE¼ a distance
of 200 feet, more or less, to a point on the south line of Washington Avenue; thence easterly along the south line of Washington
Avenue a distance of 500 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning.

PARCEL II

A certain five acre triangular parcel of ground lying west of U. S. Highway 95 in the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Sec. 29, T20S,

R61E, MDB&M, saving and excepting the south 350 feet therefrom.

ELSTNER MANOR
Tentative Map

CONDEMNED BUILDING
LICENSES

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 16, 1954



A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this
16th day of June, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

6-16-54

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he wished the Commission to know that the firm of Zick
& Sharp had drawn the plot plans for Mr. Ketcham but have not and do not expect to
receive any money, nor does he have any interest in the proposed project planned by
Mr. Ketcham.

At this time the Commission considered the tentative map of Elstner Manor and
discussion followed with the Subdividers engineer, Mr. J. D. Goulette.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Elstner Manor be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. George Rudiak, representing Mr. Alfred Ripps operator of Mike's Liquor Store at 106
Fremont Street appeared before the Board at this time. Mr. Rudiak requested that his
client be granted additional time before discontinuing business at this location.

Mr. Dale Cook, representing Dr. Alexander Coblentz owner of the State Loan and Jewelry
at 104 Fremont also was present on the behalf of his client.

No action was taken by the Board of Commissioners on either of these applications for
extension of time from June 10, 1954, nor on the application of Smith and Chandler, 110
Fremont for extension of time until June 30, 1954.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.