Voting Board
Grace McClintock
Vera I. Brackin
Leora Rice
Mildred Kinder
Marion Prout

Dorothy Addison
Jacqueline McKenna
Carol Pierce
May Williams
Lucille Brower

Catherine Kistler
Grace Newlin
Nelle Rose
Barbara Gates
Letta Van Wert

PRECINCT NO. 55B

PRECINCT NO. 56
PRECINCT NO. 57

Counting Board
Gay Willis
Ruby E. Cashion
Georgia B. Hall
Reita Castile
Katherine Black

Jewell Morganstern
Esther Ray
Lima Evans
Elora R. Clark
Rose Mary Bianca

Viola Fitzgerald
Della Capen
Wm. E. Fitzgerald
Lucille Haddock
Melva Eyre

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 16, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held this 16th day of March, 1955, was called to order at the hour
of 7:40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Assistant City Manager	Robert	W.	Notti

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 27 to 507 in the net
amount of $56,826.69 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1729 to 1848
in the total amount of $72,435.85 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of February 28, March 2 and 3,

1955, be approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Jarrett passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request for the issuance of a warrant for
replenishment of the stamp machine, in the total amount of $500.00, be approved
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

3-3-55

3-16-55

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

STAMP MACHINE
Reimbursement