USE PERMIT
Rancho Drive Realty
Petitions of Protest

USE PERMIT -

Extension

Charles J. Ketcham



SEWER IMPROVEMENT
PROGRAM

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting:

Rex A. Jarrett	C. D. Baker_______

Reed Whipple_____	R. W Notti________

Harris Sharp	Howard Cannon

Wendell Bunker	George Rounthwaite

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 9, 1954

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this
9th day of September, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 4:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard	W. Cannon

City Manager	George	H. Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager R. W. Notti
City Engineer	George	Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett

At this time petitions protesting the granting of a Use Permit to the Rancho Drive Realty
for the establishing of a shopping center on Block 3 of El Centro Addition, Tract No. 2
were presented.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be placed on the agenda, the petitions filed, and a
Public Hearing on this matter set for September 29, 1954, at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time Mr. Charles J. Ketcham and Mr. George Patterson appeared before the
Commission to request an extension of the Use Permit granted by the Board for a proposed
shopping center on the Tonopah Highway.

Mr. Patterson outlined the proposed plans and explained that it was necessary that the
commercial zone be extended in order that the proper development can be made and to make
it inviting for one of the large department stores to come in from California. Mr.
Patterson stated that these large stores would not establish here unless they could be
quite sure of a gross of ten million dollars.

It was requested from the Commission that ten additional acres be included in the Use
Permit so that the proper placement of the Thrifty Mart, with the correct parking and
provision allowed for future development.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the Use Permit, heretofore granted to Charles J.
Ketcham and Associates for ten acres at the intersection of Bonanza Road and Tonopah
Highway be extended to include approximately a 24-acre parcel for which original
application was made, to be developed in accordance with the over-all plan of development
for the entire tract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Buner, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting:	Commissioner Sharp.

Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

George Wade, City Engineer gave a report on the status of the City-wide sewer improvement
program at this point. Mr. Wade explained that there are certain portions of the City
that should be included in this program, and certain changes of lines that should be
approved. (Changes listed on Page 284)

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be given authority to proceed
on Schedule D in accordance with the plans presented today and proceed in accordance with
the bids received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be authorized to negotiate for unit prices for
that portion of the sewer described as east of 5th Street to Norman Avenue and that
portion lying north of Las Vegas Valley Water District property westerly to Las Vegas
Square, approximately 4,000 feet, to be presented at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

9-9-54