REZONING

Showboat Property

REZONING

Desert Sales Corp.
Z-38-54

ORIGIN-DESTINATION
TRUCK STUDY

SUNSET MANOR

Final Map

PARK MANOR, Tracts
#1 and 2

Acceptance and Release
of Bonds

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Colorado River
Exploration Co.

PETITION FOR VACATION
Alley

Meadows Addition

At this time the Board considered the application for rezoning of the Showboat property.

Mr. William Moore was present representing the Showboat.

Mr. Bills said the Planning Commission recommended this area be zoned C-2.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a Public Hearing be held on this matter January 5, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Desert Sales Corp. for the reclassification of land extending south
from W. Charleston Blvd. a distance of approximately 500 feet, beginning at the west line
of Western Avenue and extending a distance of approximately 278 feet to the east line of
a proposed major highway, from R-4 and C-1 to M-1, was considered by the Board at this
time. This application was approved by the Planning Commission.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved a Public Hearing be held on this application January

5, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor presented a request from the State Highway Department that the City participate
in the cost of an origin-destination truck study, the cost to the City to be $375. His
Honor said the total cost of the study would be $1,500, which would be divided equally
among the State Highway, City, County and State.

Chief of Police Kennedy recommended this be approved provided the other agencies participate.

Commissioner Whipple moved this expenditure of $375 as the City's portion of the cost of an
origin-destination truck study be approved subject to the condition that the other agencies
participate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The final map of Sunset Manor was submitted by the Engineering Department for approval, with
their recommendation that it be approved subject to the City Attorney approving the bond
and agreement. They also stated there should be a 15-foot right of way for sewer purposes
along the north side of Cadillac Arms extending eastward from Sunset Manor and an easement
for sewer purposes through a portion of Cadillac Arms.

Mrs. Marjorie Lawson was present representing the subdivider.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be placed on the agenda of the meeting to be held
December 20, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Final acceptance and release of the bonds on Park Manor Tracts #1 and 2 was recommended
by the Engineering Department.

Commissioner Bunker stated he handled some of the lots in this area and he therefore
disqualified himself from voting.

Commissioner Whipple moved, upon the recommendation of the Engineering Department that all
of the improvements have been completed, that Park Manor Tracts #1 and 2 be accepted and
the bonds released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker passed
his vote.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of an easement for Assessment District
No. 100-23 purposes executed by Colorado River Exploration Co. et al, deed dated November
22, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of December, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 22nd day of
November, 1954, executed by Colorado River Exploration Co. et al, to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time a petition for vacation of an alley in Block 2 of Meadows Addition was
considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved this petition be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

12-15-54