Name

Macauley, Francis J.
Wells, Myree
Roderick, Shirley J.
Bunker, Kendall
Lamb, Glen C.
Leavitt, J. Marion
Mudd, James O.

Rouw, William W.
Studebaker, Walter
Estes, Donald G.
Ackerman, John D.
Goebel, Dick D.
Lewis, Ben
Fisher, Charles
Thomas, Oliver
Dammeir, George
Smith, Ann Marie
Ruggles, Jack D.
Hartley, Alvin C.

Dept.

Police - Patrolman

-	Reporter

-	Telephone Oper.
Fire Captain

Fire Captain

"	"

"	"

" Fireman
"	"

"	"

"	"

Park

Pub. Wks. Engineering
"	"	Garage

Sew. Disposal
"	"	St. Light

Recreation
Police - Sergeant

-	Patrolman

Step	Sched.	Dollars

HOYT BENCH CONTRACT
Held in Abeyance
EFFLUENT WATERS
Referred to Committee

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager advised at the request of both parties to this contract,
the matter was being held in abeyance until the next regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Mr. Lalif Wood to
purchase effluent water from the sewage disposal plant, for
irrigation purposes, advising this matter had previously been
before the Commission.

City Attorney Cory advised that a proposal submitted by Attorney
Cope had been rejected because of two features, one being a request
that the covenant run with the land, and the second being the
matter of rates to be charges; therefore, Mr. Cory had suggested
that Mr. Cope's clients again appear before the Commission. Mr.

Cory stated Director of Public Works Sauer had suggested a price
of $2.00 per acre foot, based on rates being charged in Tucson,
those rates being $2.50 per acre foot.

Director of Public Works Sauer explained this matter would not be
without cost to the City, as it would require increased ditch
maintenance, engineering fees and checking installations made, such
as headgates, etc. Mr. Wood had also requested that a bridge or some
sort of culvert be put over the ditch, to permit him to reach his
land, and, also, a leaching line to take care of the sludge beds.

Commissioner Fountain inquired if it was known how much water would
be available and Mr. Sauer informed him there was available, At
present, ten million gallons per day and this would rise yearly; in
fact, there was more water available than could be used.

Commissioner Whipple stated it was his understanding the City could
not put itself in the position of guaranteeing to furnish any
specified amount of water, but that all available water could be
used by Mr. Wood and anyone else desiring the water.

City Attorney Cory amplified this statement by saying this would be
subject to the prior use by the City and the L.D.S. Welfare Farm
and Commissioner Whipple asked if it was not a fact that this
water was now going into Lake Mead, causing possible contamination,
and it was his opinion the City would be in a much better position
if the water could be put to beneficial use.

The Commission agreed that Mr. Karsten Bronken should furnish the
City's Engineer, Mr. Carollo, with drawings showing how the water
was to be taken out and at what point and, after these drawings had
been studied, the matter of the price of the water could be settled
by the Commission.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised the City still had no
easement or dedication for all of the ditch; that a deed had been
forwarded to Mr. Farnsworth for his signature; that Mr. Farnsworth
had agreed to execute this deed upon completion of the final survey,
and although the deed had not been returned the City did have a
letter stating Mr. Farnsworth agreed to make this dedication.

Mr. Farnsworth stated the City had agreed to put a culvert across
the ditch and he was waiting for that to be done before he signed
the deed.

Mr. Sauer advised such a culvert would cost $3,000.00, and possibly
more and that neither Mr. Uehling nor he had any knowledge of such
an agreement. To this Mr. Farnsworth replied he had no written
agreement, but it was his son-in-law's understanding that a bridge

2-3-60