Fourth Action. A recommendation to deny the request also failed to
pass and the matter was submitted to the Board of City Commissioners
without recommendation.

Fifth Action. The City Commission was of the opinion that in view
of the total situation the request for a Use Permit be referred to
the Planning Commission for a recommendation.

Sixth Action. The Planning Commission took it under advisement and
referred the request to a subcommittee composed of Mr. Garth,

Mr. Longley and Mr. Phelps. This subcommittee, after considerable
investigation and research, reported back to the Planning Commission
that their findings indicated that the application should be denied.

Seventh Action. The Planning Commission concurred with the findings
of the subcommittee and recommended that the City Commission deny
the application for a Use Permit.

Mr. Phelps then addressed the group, stating that he had been
Chairman of the subcommittee making the study and would be glad
to answer any questions posed by the City Commission.

Mayor Gragson asked Mr. Phelps if he felt there were other types
of commercial uses that would be reasonably successful on the
triangular piece of property - other than the proposed Service
Station.

It was the consensus of the Planning Commission that when the
zoning was changed to C-1 there were a number of uses that would
lend themselves to the size, shape and location of the lot.

Commissioner Fountain then asked whether, at the time the Planning
Commission - when Mr. Tiberti made the motion that it be approved -
there was any statement made that the applicant might use the land
for a Service Station.

Mr. Phelps replied that no mention of a Filling Station was made
at that time. He stated he was Chairman the night the request
received neither approval or denial. "There were a large number of
people at the meeting who were against it so the Public Hearing was
continued until the next Regular Meeting, at which they appeared
again," he said.

Mr. Phelps went on to say that it was the opinion of both the
Planning Commission and Board of Zoning Adjustment that it was an
application for relief to use an R-1 lot that could not be used
properly for residential purposes. He pointed out that a C-1 Zone
permits a good many commercial establishments such as certain
types of stores, medical offices and, in fact, practically anything
of a commercial nature, but not a Filling Station or Garage.

Secondly, he stated the Planning Commission felt it is not good
planning to permit a Service Station immediately adjoining residential
properties. "The one reason," he explained, "the Planning Commission
has a C-1 and C-2 Zone is so some control can be assured over C-1
uses, particularly when adjacent to residential zones."

At this point Commissioner Fountain said in his opinion the real
mistake had been made when the subdivider was allowed to create
this remnant parcel. Also, that he did not know how many parking
spaces could be provided for a commercial use, but if, for instance,
a Frostie-Freeze Drive-in were to be placed there, there would be
five times as much noise created as by a Filling Station.

Mr. Phelps stated that there are a lot of these remnant parcels
all over town and the Planning Commission feels that if they start
giving in to requests for C-2 uses on these lots, you are setting
a precedent for nothing but trouble.

It was further explained that in any of the C-1 Zones the City
Commission has direct control as to the number of parking spaces
and the number of square feet of building that goes on the land.

In a C-2 Zone you have no control - they can build right up to the
line of the sidewalk - the City has not control of design, or
anything. Generally speaking, in a C-1 Zone there is required
one parking space for each 500 ft. of floor area and the Planning
Commission may recommend, and the City Commission can require, any
restrictions they feel are necessary for the protection of abutting
properties.

Mr. Herbert Jones asked permission to speak on behalf of the
proponent on this matter, pointing out that only a small piece of
land was zoned C-1. The balance could not be covered by a Zone
Change because of a deed restriction. Mr. Jones stated he had
heard the argument that if the City permitted too many Service
Stations in that locality, no one would have a reasonably profitable
business. In this he did not concur, stating that if an investor
wanted to spend $75,000 or $100,000 and wanted to go into competition
and employ the necessary personnel to handle the operation - maybe
this would result in too many Filling Stations, but he was of the

opinion that the Richfield Oil Co. was not entering into an
operation that was likely to go broke.

12-8-59