Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses he approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses:

The Horseshoe Club	128	Fremont	Edward	Levinson	2	"21"

The Westerner	23 Fremont	George	Arquilla	4 	1¢ Slots

Fremont Hotel, Inc.	200	Fremont	Edward	Levinson	2	"21"

Golden Nugget, Inc.	129	Fremont	Golden	Nugget, Inc.	10 Slots

12-1-59

Golden Nugget, Inc. 129 Fremont Golden Nugget, Inc. 10 Slots

1-1-60

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Joseph Nosanchuck, one of the officers of the Clark County
Licensed Beverage Association, respectfully requested that the
Commission withhold action on this application. He stated at the time
the license was issued to Joe Julian the Commission unanimously passed
a resolution to the effect that no new licenses would be issued until
the new Liquor Control Ordinance has been considered and adopted.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Thriftimart, Inc. for a
package liquor license be held in abeyance.

Commissioner Sharp explained that the proposed new Liquor Ordinance
very definitely defines the liquor licenses available to supermarkets
and shopping centers; that the Ordinance has been corrected and
redrafted by the City Attorney's office, and that he, together with
Commissioner Whipple, would like to hold another public hearing on
this Ordinance early next week.

City Attorney Cory advised the revised Ordinance was being printed and
would be off the press before the end of the week.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Marion Haun, Manager,
for a tobacco license at Thriftimart, Inc., 1808 E. Charleston
Boulevard, be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following applications for Cigarette
Licenses for additional locations be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Huber's Texaco	1426 L.V.Blvd.S.	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

Showboat Hotel	2800 Fremont	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

Burnette's Flying	2400 W. Bonanza	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

"A" Service

T.I.E. Club, Inc.	306 N. 9th St.	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

Moneyhan Service	1935 Fremont	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

Austin Drug	#3	2401 E. Bonanza	K. S. Austin

Gene's Auto	Body	1528 S. "A"	St.	Sutton	Vending	Mach.

Shop

Busy Owl Cafe	129 N. 4th St.	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Tony's Cafe	410 W. Bonanza	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Cy's Furniture Co.	707 N. Main	St.	Sutton	Vending	Mach.

Desert Aire	Cafe	636 N. Main	St.	Sutton	Vending	Mach.

The Keg Room	25th & Bonanza	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Desert Drug	603 Van Buren	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Burlington Trwys.	123 S. 1st St.	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Depot

Mario's Rest.	1700 E. Charleston	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Ace Liquors	22 Fremont	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Modern Barber Shop	113½ N. 3rd St.	Warne's	Vending

Jo-Syd Hair Designers 15 E. Oakey Blvd.	Warne's Vending

Georgia's Beauty	118 L.V.Blvd. N.	Warne's	Vending

Salon

J & C Garage	24 W. Calif. Ave.	Warne's	Vending

El Cholo Cafe	625 L.V. Blvd. S.	Smokey Cigarette Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Deputy Planning Director Don Saylor advised that, although this item
appeared on the agenda in the name of Jessie N. Hunt, it was, in
effect, an application for a Use Permit to allow the Mesquite Club to
build a new building on property located on the south side of St.

Louis Avenue, approximately 300' east of South Sixth Street. He
stated that the Mesquite Club had under option a parcel along St.

Louis Avenue, having a frontage of 150' and a depth of approximately
300'. He informed the Commission the City Attorney had ruled that the
Mesquite Club qualified as a quasi-public use.

1-6-60

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Thriftimart, Inc.
Held in Abeyance

TOBACCO APPLICATIONS
New

Thriftimart, Inc.
Approved.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
Additional Locations
Approved

USE PERMIT U-31-59
Jessie N. Hunt
Approved