MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada

January 6, 1960

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held this 6th day of January, 1960, was called to
order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

City Attorney	Calvin M. Cory

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Edwina M. Cole

Absent:	Commissioner Reed Whipple

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, called the meeting to order, requesting
that everyone rise, whereupon the Pledge of Allegiance was given.

Rev. Walter Bishop, Pastor of the First Baptist Church, gave the
Invocation.

This was the time heretofore set for public hearing regarding the
petition of L. E. Clark, Katie Abrahams, Sal Sagev Hotel Co., Inc.
and J. M. Miller for vacation of a certain alley running through
Block #3, Church Addition. This vacation petition was approved at
the regular Commission meeting of November 18, 1959.

There was no response to Commissioner's Sharp inquiry as to whether
any protestants were present.

Commissioner Sharp moved Vacation (VAC-8-59) be approved and the
following Order of Vacation adopted and a copy of the order filed
with the County Recorder of Clark County:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 20th day of October, 1959, signed by
five (5) freeholders in the area affected, having been filed with
the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of a certain
alley running through Block 3, Church Addition, hereinafter des-
cribed, and said petition having been by order of this Board referred
to the City Planning Commission for its recommendation in the premises
and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated November
12, 1959, and with this Board approving and recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on
the 18th day of November, 1959, set the 6th day of January, 1960, at
the hour of 7:30 P.M. in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 400
Stewart Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as
the time and place for a public hearing on said petition and
recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid
property proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting
forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the
proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Dwight B. Engebregson
filed with the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in
said order, a copy of which notice is attached to said affidavit, was
posted on the 1st day of December, 1959, in the manner prescribed by
said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition
for vacation and the recommendation of the City Planning Commission
thereof, and this Board having heard evidence in support of and
there being no opposition to said petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that the tracts
or parcels of land proposed to be vacated are no longer required for
the public use and convenience, and that said vacation will enure to
the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor
any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described tract or parcel
of land situated in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and being a portion of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section
35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M., and more particularly
described as follows, to wit:

All of the alley in Block 3 of Church Addition
to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown by map thereof in
Book 2 of Plats, Page 7, recorded September 22,

1931, in the Office of the County Recorder of
Clark County, Nevada,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

Dated this 6th day of January, 1960.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Edwina M. Cole	/s/ Oran K. Gragson

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor	1-6-60

PLEDGE OF
ALLEGIANCE

INVOCATION

VACATION VAC-8-59
Public Hearing
Order Adopted