the feasibility of reducing the side yards, because if buildings
were built on these two lots, the side yard would be 6'; however, the
only problem which confronted the Board of Zoning Adjustment was the
availability of parking. Mr. Bills stated Mr. Lubeck proposed to
provide parking in the rear on what would appear to be an alley,
mentioning this was a dedicated alley which is unimproved at this
time and which the property owners on Charleston agreed to put in.

He advised the Board the property owners had five years within which
to clear the alley of encumbrances. It was the recommendation of
the Board of Zoning Adjustment that the variance be granted, on
condition Mr. Lubeck improve the alley at this time to provide
parking which would be accessible to the property.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of M. J. Lubeck for a
variance to reduce the required side yard from 12' to 6' at 1804 and
1808 Lewis Avenue, generally located near the SE corner of Lewis
Avenue and Bruce Street, legally described as Lots 2 and 3, Lawrence
Love Trace, in an R-4 zone, be approved, as recommended by the Board
of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond sufficient
in amount to cover the cost of off-site improvements.

2.	Conformance to the plot plan as amended.

3. Improvement of alley to provide parking and make the same accessible
from Bruce Street to the property of the applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Madge Foote for
a Use Permit to operate a home for the aged at 2124 Paradise Road,
stating the Board of Zoning Adjustment had recommended approval of
this application.

Mrs. Madge Foote addressed the Commission and inquired why it was
necessary for her to have one parking space for every two boarders,
in view of the fact that her boarders would not have cars.

Mr. Bills stated the general practice was to require one parking
space for each person, but in this instance it was recognized one
parking space for every two boarders would be sufficient.

In reply to Mrs. Foote's question, Mr. Bills informed her it would be
possible to have parking off the alley.

Commissioner Elwell inquired if Mrs. Foote would, at some future time,
desire to increase the number of boarders, in the event it should
prove unprofitable to have only 8 boarders. Mrs. Foote replied it was
her understanding the Board of Health would license her for 10
boarders and there was a possibility the tenant in the rear apartment
might move, in which event she would convert that apartment into
bedrooms.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Madge Foote for a Use
Permit to operate a home for the aged at 2124 Paradise Road, on the
west side of Paradise Road, between St. Louis and San Francisco,
legally described as the S 56' of the North 68.5' of Lot 6, Block 3,
of South 5th Street Tract No. 1, in an R-4 zone be approved, as
recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the
following conditions:

1.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond to cover
the cost of off-site improvements.

2.	One off-street parking space for each two (2) boarders - to be of
asphaltic concrete.

3. Permit to be limited to no more than eight (8) boarders and to be
non-transferable.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Thomas A. Campbell for a
Use Permit to conduct a private parking lot at 2100 Paradise Road, on
the west side of Paradise Road, between St. Louis and San Francisco,
legally described as the W70' of the S 150', Lot 1, Block 3, South
5th Street Tract No. 1, in an R-4 zone, be approved as recommended by
by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following conditions

1.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond sufficient
in amount to cover the cost of off-site improvements.

2.	Conformance to the plot plan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-60

USE PERMIT U-1-60
Thomas A. Campbell
Approved

USE PERMIT U-33-59
Madge Foote
Approved