City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase order to Las Vegas Fence &
Supply Co. in the amount of $1037.55 for 745' of chain link fence for
Cragin Park for approval. He stated this was the lowest hid which
had been received.

Commissioner Sharp moved the purchase order to Las Vegas Fence &

Supply Co. in the amount of $1037.55 for 745' of chain link fence be
approved. In this connection, Commissioner Sharp cautioned that in
instances of this type everyone should be contacted who does this
particular type of work, as he thought it only fair to give everyone
an opportunity to do business with the City, so there would be no
reason for criticism. He added that no criticism was intended; he
just wanted to make sure everyone was given a chance to bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented a request from two Reno, Nevada,
newspapers that the City of Las Vegas take an ad in a special edition
being put out for the purpose of attracting tourists and industry.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City's participation in this advertising
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

A discussion followed with reference to the City participating with
the Convention Center in advertising at Squaw Valley at a cost to the
City of approximately $600.00.

 Commissioner Sharp moved the work order for the Engineering cost in
the amount of $101,344.50 be approved and the Director of Finance
and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Judge Richards that the
salary of Municipal Court Clerk Barbara Maxwell be increased from
$370 to $450 per month and the salary of Senior Records Clerk Louise
Conley be increased from Schedule 20 to Schedule 22. Mr. Kennedy
stated, although there was some equity in this request and he was of
the opinion the salaries should be changed, it would be necessary to
make a thorough study of salaries first. It was Mr. Kennedy's recom-
mendation that the salary of Barbara Maxwell should not go from
$370 to $450 per month, but that this matter and the matter of
increasing the salary of Louise Conley should be held in abeyance,
pending further investigation of salaries.

Commissioner Fountain stated he had made a very careful study of the
situation; that Barbara Maxwell had four employees under her
supervision, and moved that the salary of Barbara Maxwell be raised
from $370 to $450 per month, retroactive to January 1, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, and His Honor, Mayor Gragson

voting aye; Commissioner Sharp voting no. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the salary of Louise Conley be increased
from Schedule 20 to 22.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Police Department
that the City enter into a contract, on a retainer basis of $90 per
month, with Mr. Paul Richert, a graduate chemist who had been used by
the Police Department for the past two years for the purpose of
making analyses of drugs, blood, chemicals, etc. It was brought out
that Mr. Richert was an expert witness in the field of analyses and
would be accepted as such in the City, District and Federal Courts;
in addition, there would be a considerable saving to the City in
employing Mr. Richert on a monthly retainer basis, rather than paying
for each analysis and each Court appearance.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the retainer of Mr. Paul Richert
as a chemist by the Police Department at a monthly retainer of $90.00
be approved, and the Mayor authorized to sign a contract to this effect.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

1-6-60

PURCHASE ORDER
745' Chain Link Fence
Approved

RENO NEWSPAPER
ADVERTISING

Denied

SQUAW VALLEY
ADVERTISING
Discussion

CEDAR AND

SAN FRANCISCO AVENUES
Interceptor Sewers
Work Order Approved

SALARY INCREASES

Barbara Maxwell and
Louise Conley

Approved

RETAINER OF CHEMIST
Approved