Lucky Stike	117	Fremont	A.F. Winter, Milton	1	Big "6"

Prell, Joe Hall &	Wheel

M. Bernstein

Golden Gate	1 Fremont	Leo Massaro	1	Slot

Fremont Hotel	200	Fremont	Edward Torres	20	Slots

Golden Nugget	129	Fremont	Golden Nugget,	Inc.	19	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple an d His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional
cigarette licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Sunland Motors	2030 Fremont	Ralph	T.	Warne's

Main St. Laundromat 1410 S. Main	Ralph	T.	Warne's

Biltmore Motel	120 Cleveland	Ralph	T.	Warne's

Baltimore Arms	121 Baltimore	Ralph	T.	Warne's

Cleveland Arms	130 Cleveland	Ralph T. Warne's

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, informed the meeting the proposed Liquor
Ordinance would be held in abeyance and would not be discussed at
this meeting, the Committee on this Ordinance having requested
additional time.

Deputy Director of Public Works V. B. Uehling stated there was one bid
received from Wells Cargo, Inc. in the amount of $2,994.40, which
represented a unit price of approximately $1.52 a square yard.

Commissioner Fountain inquired as to the amount of the Engineer's
Estimate and Mr. Uehling informed him it was $3,500.00.

City Manager Kennedy informed the Commission this bid was not an
Informal Bid in the form known to the Commission, but was a bid which
had been put out in the form of a written request for bids, and the
bid received had been opened the previous day at 2:00 P.M. in the
Public Works Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved Informal Bid #I-30-59 for pavement replacement
at the intersection of Maryland Parkway and Charleston Boulevard be
awarded to Wells Cargo, Inc., provided the bonds were in order.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain inquired if the customary procedure for informal
bids had been followed and the bid advertised in the newspapers. Mr.
Kennedy replied the bid had not been advertised, and Commissioner
Fountain stated he did not understand why only one bid had been
received if all the contractors interested in this type of work had
been notified.

Mr. Uehling advised that Wells Cargo, Inc., Ideal Asphalt, Las Vegas
Building Materials and H. W. Polk (being local contractors doing this
type of work) had been contacted, but Wells Cargo was the only one
who submitted a bid.

The foregoing motion was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Fountain passed his vote.

City Manager Kennedy requested that he be permitted to speak for a
moment before Mr. Uehling brought up the next matter. Mr. Kennedy
advised this bid involved Highland (which would become Western Avenue
after the Freeway is built), which was approved for macadem paving at
the previous meeting; that it was the City's intention to obtain
gravel from the State for this project and the State now refused to
allow the City to use the State gravel pit, making it necessary to
secure bids for this gravel. Mr. Kennedy further advised that this
bid had not been published; that two quotations had been obtained, and
the total amount would probably be about $3,000.00.

Deputy Director of Public Works V. B. Uehling stated a bid for Type 1
Aggregate, for use on Oakey and San Francisco, had gone out Monday to
four contractors - Wells Cargo, Inc., W.M.K., Blue Bolt Hauling and
Ideal Asphalt - and that two bids had been received, one from Wells
Cargo, Inc. in the amount of $1,820.00, and the other from W.M.K. in
the amount of $3,120.00; further, that this was Type 1 pit run
gravel.

Commissioner Whipple moved Informal Bid #I-32-59 for Type 1 pit run
gravel be awarded to Wells Cargo, Inc. in the amount of $1,820.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-17-60

INFORMAL BID #I-32-59
Highland Drive Extension
Award

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

PROPOSED LIQUOR ORDINANCE
Held in Abeyance

INFORMAL BID #I-30-59

Maryland Pkwy. - Charles-
ton Blvd. Intersection
Pavement Replacement

Award