PARKING

Amputees and Paraplegics
Referred to Committee

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Approved

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
Additional Location
Approved

DETECTIVE LICENSE
Glen E. Bodell
New

Approved

REZONING Z-41-59

Herman E. Fisher and
Louisa Earl

Approved

VARIANCE V-18-59
M. J. Lubeck
Approved

At the hour of 8:20 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at
the hour of 8:30 P.M., with all members present as of the opening
session.

-0O0-

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Blaine Beckwith for a
change of location of his liquor license from Mayfair Liquor Store
to 2236 E. Fremont be approved, subject to submission of copy of
lease or deed and financial statement to Police Department, and
also subject to final approval by Building, Planning and Fire
Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.
Commissioner Fountain qualified his vote by stating the only reason
he was voting aye was because he believed Mr. Beckwith to be a
victim of rent gouging.

Commissioner Fountain stated he had invited Vic Brower to address
the Commission for the purpose of obtaining some relief to which
Commissioner Fountain thought he was entitled.

Mr. Brower, on behalf of himself and other amputees and paraplegics,
of which there are about 50 in the County, addressed the Commission,
requesting that they consider the passing of an ordinance providing
a special parking area for these people, to obviate the necessity
of their having to walk back and forth to put money in parking
meters. Mr. Brower explained that it was a hardship for these
people to walk, especially during hot weather, and, if it was
possible to pass such an ordinance, he would be happy to pay any
cost incurred in connection with publication, etc. He stated,
further, that an ordinance had been drafted.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, appointed Commissioners Fountain and
Elwell to study the proposed ordinance and submit their recommendations
to the Board at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Fountain moved Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1-4292
to 14467, in the amount of $82,387.73, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissi oners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor;

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ralph T. Warne's
Vending for an additional cigarette license at Mutual Prescriptions;

614 Maryland Parkway, be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Glen E. Bodell for a
detective license at Bodell Investigation Service, 108 South 3rd
Street, be approved on the basis of favorable police report, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Herman E.

Fisher and Louisa Earl for reclassification of the W½ of the W½ of
Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, and the E½ of
the W½ of Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition,
generally located on the south side of Bridger, between Las Vegas
Boulevard South and Sixth Street, from C-1 to C-2, stating this was
within the confines of the proposed improvement district, in the
downtown area, and that there were no protests.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Herman E. Fisher and
Louisa Earl for reclassification of the W½ of the W½ of Lots 29, 30,

31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, and the E½ of the W½ of Lots
29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, from C-1 to C-2 be
approved, as recommended by the Planning Commission, and the City
Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Mr. M. J. Lubeck for a
variance to reduce required side yard from 12' to 6' at 1804 and
1808 Lewis Avenue.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission there was no
question in the minds of the Board of Zoning Adjustment regarding

2-3-60