BID #60.01

Interceptor Sewers - Cedar
Ave. & San Francisco, between
L.V. Blvd. S. & Rancho Drive

Referred for Recommendation

VACATION (VAC-1-60)

Dan Plunkett
Approved

ANNEXATION (A-1-60)

Eastland Heights, Sebec
Acres

Resolution Adopted -
Public Hearing Set

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, opened the bid of Longley Construction
Company, which was in the amount of $91,718.35, together with an
alternate in the amount of $99,408.35; the bid of J. A. Tiberti
Construction Company in the amount of $86,965.00, together with an
alternate in the amount of $97,054.00. The bid of James Dorfman was
not considered, on the advise of the City Attorney, in view of the
fact that Mr. Dorfman did not have a City license.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above bids be referred to the Department
of Public Works and the City Manager for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid of James Dorfman be returned to
Mr. Dorfman, as it did not meet the proper qualifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Dan Plunkett for realignment
of an alley in the Plunkett Industrial Tract. Planning Director Bills
explained this would not require a public hearing and would only
involve an exchange of property between the City and Mr. Plunkett.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Dan Plunkett for realignment
of an alley in the Plunkett Industrial Tract be approved, as
recommended by the Planning Commission and Traffic & Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills stated the Planning Commission had received
a series of petitions, signed by 22 property owners living in Eastland
Heights, which consists of some 300 acres, requesting this property be
annexed to the City of Las Vegas. He added this area had an estimated
population of 700 people, consisting of 187 property owners. It was
the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this matter be
favorably considered by the Commission. Mr. Bills advised before any
final action could be taken in an annexation of this type, it was
necessary to call a public hearing, at which time any property owners
might protest in person or by properly certified petition; that the
Resolution before the Commission was a resolution of intention to
annex and set a date for the public hearing (which date would have to
be filled in), and that it was necessary to publish a notice of such
public hearing for two successive weeks and to post such notice in
three public places.

Mr. Tad Porter, a Las Vegas attorney and resident of Eastland Heights,
presented letters, containing 115 signatures and representing an
assessed property value of $685,272.00, opposing the proposed annexation.
Mr. Porter stated he realized the presentation of these protests was
premature, but he thought this might save time and expense later on.

In reply to Commissioner Sharp's question, Mr. Porter advised he repre-
sented 115 property owners living in Sebec Acres and Eastland 1, 2 and
3; that the total number of property owners in the area was 187, but
it was his opinion this might possibly be 225 now.

It was Commissioner Fountain's opinion that the protests should be
filed with the City Clerk.

Commissioner Elwell inquired of Mr. Porter why these property owners
were protesting the annexation and was informed by Mr. Porter that
the property owners did not feel the City had too much to offer; that
they bought in the County because they wanted to remain in the County;
that they had a County Fire System and their own water district, and
that, although insurance rates would decrease upon annexation, taxes
would increase.

Commissioner Whipple pointed out they were receiving fire protection
from the City, not the County, under the cooperative agreement between
the City and County, and this forced City property owners to pay for
County fire protection. Upon questioning, Mr. Porter admitted the
closest County Fire Station was at the Stardust Hotel.

Deputy City Attorney Whitmore thereupon read the following Resolution,
being a resolution of intention to annex Eastland Heights and Sebec
Acres to the City of Las Vegas:

RESOLUTION

A RESOLUTION DECLARING THE INTENTION OF THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO ANNEX TO THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS CERTAIN DESCRIBED PROPERTY, AND SETTING
THE DATE FOR A PUBLIC HEARING TO DETERMINE THE WISHES OF
THE PROPERTY OWNERS WITHIN SAID AREA WHICH IS SOUGHT TO
BE ANNEXED.

2-17-60