Commissioner Sharp inquired as to what would he done with the passenger
loading zone and Mr. Bossi replied this could he converted into a loading
zone with the cooperation of the Bus Company.	_________________

Commissioner Fountain inquired if the Bus Companies were willing to
cooperate, and Mr. Bossi informed him they were, provided they could
obtain some parking area.

At this point City Attorney Cory informed the Board of Commissioners he
felt it only fair to state that no official of the Union Pacific Railroad
has approved the proposed plan.

Commissioner Fountain inquired of Mr. Bossi if the Union Pacific Railroad
had been contacted. Mr. Bossi stated two gentlemen who had been at the
meeting had been contacted some time ago and at that time they approved
the matter, hut stated they would not spend any money to carry out the
proposed no parking zone. He informed the Board of Commissioners this
was about two years ago and the Traffic & Parking Commission felt at
that time that the City would not recommend the expenditure of funds.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the recommendation of the Traffic &

Parking Commission for a No Parking Zone along the west curb line of
Main Street, beginning at a point 175' south of Stewart and extending
south to a point 150' south of Carson he approved, subject to the
Railroad Company dedicating the necessary property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

His Honor Mayor Gragson stated that three vacancies would occur on the
Urban Renewal Advisory Committee as of December 31, 1959, and recommended
the appointment of Marjorie Elliott, Woodrow Wilson and Julius Marion for
the ensuing year.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Marjorie Elliott, Woodrow Wilson and
Julius Marion be appointed as members of the Urban Renewal Advisory
Committee, to serve from January 1, 1960 to December 31, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye, noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of Twin
Lakes Country Club Estates, submitted by N. Jacobson, located north of
Washington and East of Golf Course, and comprising approximately 20 acres.
He stated one of the conditions upon which the Planning Commission
recommended approval was the fact that they had received a letter from the
School District stating they would dedicate property if the subdivider would
put in all improvements on both sides of the street.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Twin Lakes Country Club
Estates, comprising approximately 20 acres, submitted by N. Jacobson, be
approved, subject to:

1.	Full street improvements for the street on the westerly line of the
subdivision (Country Club Drive).

2.	Street name changes.

3. Rezoning from R-E to R-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer recommended that Shock Electric Company
be awarded this contract for the items listed in the remodeling of the
Electric System at the Police Department for the First and Second
Alternates in the amount of $15,961.97. He stated one other bid had been
received from Acme Electric in the sum of $18,287.00 and that the
Engineer's Estimate was $18,949.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid #59-62 for modification of the Electric
System at the Police Department Building be awarded to Shock Electric
Company, in the amount of $15,961.97.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised two bids had been received for the
construction of 8" sewer line and manhole on Encanto Drive, one from Ace
Plumbing and Heating in the amount of $1,334.11 and the other from J. A.
Tiberti Construction Company in the amount of $1,579-00. It was
recommended by the Public Works Department that Ace Plumbing and Heating
be awarded the bid. The Engineer's Estimate was $713.00. Mr. Sauer
explained the reason for the low Engineer's Estimate, as compared with
the bids received, was that there was a very strong question of coliche
being present in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid #I-21-59 for construction of 8"

Sewer Line and Manhole on Encanto Drive be awarded to Ace Plumbing and
Heating in the amount of $1,334.11.

12-16-59

URBAN RENEWAL
ADVISORY COMMITTEE

Appointments Made

TWIN LAKES COUNTRY CLUB
ESTATES

Tentative Map

N. Jacobson

Approved

BID #59.62

Modification of
Electric System

Police Department Building

Award

BID I-21-59

Construction of 8" Sewer
Line and Manhole on
Encanto Drive

Award