LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Name and Owner
Approved

CIGARETTE LICENSES
New

Approved

CIGARETTE LICENSES
Additional Locations
Approved

USE PERMIT U-16-59
Wilbur Clark
Denied

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jerry Fox, Morris Fox and
Jerrold Jory for a Package Liquor and Beer Bar License at Fairway Liquor,
1311 E. Charleston, which was formerly owned by Howard Capps, Jimmy
Schuyler and Charles Teel, and a request that the name be changed from
Fairway Liquor to Jerry's be approved, on the basis of favorable police
report, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for Cigarette
License for new locations be approved, on the basis of favorable police
reports, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the licenses:

Jerry's	1311 E. Chrlstn.	Jerry Fox, Morris Fox and

Jerrold Jory

The Keg Room	2365 E. Bonanza	Joseph A. Gordon

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for Cigarette License
for additional locations be approved, and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Ruppert Plumbing	112 W. Wyoming Ralph T. Warne's Vending

& Heating Co.

Jo-Sepe's Coiffures 223 L.V. Blvd.N. Ralph T. Warne's Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Planning Director Bills submitted the application of Wilbur Clark for a
Use Permit to construct a gasoline filling station at 1550 Tonopah
Highway, generally located at the southeast corner of Vegas Drive and
Tonopah Highway (U.S. Highway 95), legally described as Lot 1, and a
portion of Lots 19 and 20, Block 21, Twin Lakes Village Unit #5, in a

C-1 zone, with the statement that he had said everything which needed to
be said on this matter.

Commissioner Whipple inquired as to restrictions regarding dumping of
gasoline in wholesale lots at night, sanitary conditions, the height of
brick walls, and so forth.

Planning Director Bills quoted from Section E of Ordinance 696 as follows:

"In considering any application for a change in land use classification
from any other land use district to a C-1 district, the Board of City
Commissioners may, upon recommendation of the Planning Commission, impose
additional conditions and/or limitations upon the development of the
property which are deemed consistent with the purposes of this Ordinance
in the light of the proposed use or development in relation to other
uses in the same neighborhood."

Commissioner Fountain inquired as to what would happen in other situations

City Attorney Cory stated that reasonable restrictions could be imposed
on the granting of Use Permits and the same restrictions would not have
to apply throughout the City on all other applications of the same type,
the only requirement being reasonable limitation.

Commissioner Whipple asked if it would be reasonable to require a filling
station to close at 10:00 P.M. and not open before 7:00 or 7:30 A.M.

City Attorney Cory replied that it was his understanding there was a
service station across the street without such restrictions and, it was
conceivable, if such a restriction were imposed, Court relief might be
sought, especially since there was competition across the street without
any such limitation.

Commissioner Whipple then inquired as to a restriction about dumping
gas at night, and Commissioner Fountain stated he did not think dumping
gas at night would be a big problem.

Commissioner Sharp stated he was in sympathy with people living directly
behind the proposed filling station in the event it should remain open
all night, as cars driving in and out and gas being unloaded would create
considerable noise. He continued that, bn the other hand, he was also
in sympathy with the applicant, as he did not know to what other use the
property could be put; however, he stated he would oppose the application
if he lived in the area.

Commissioner Whipple advised the property was now zoned for commercial
use and if no gas station were installed some other commercial use would
be made of it which might be just as bad as a gas station.

12-16-59