In a general discussion as to how this member could be added to an
already fully staffed Planning Commission, Mr. Kennedy said he was of
the opinion that the law itself should be changed at the earliest date
possible - it now says the City Manager shall be a member of the
Planning Commission by virtue of the fact that he is the City Manager.

Commissioner Whipple suggested that then the State Legislature meets
in 1960 a change in the law be made.

Mr. Kennedy stated he felt that one of the things that would help them
as much as anything would be the exchange of agendas so that all
Commissions, Committees and Boards would be advised in advance of what
discussions were to take place - "it would help all of us."

Following a further general discussion Mr. Bailey thanked the members
present and the meeting was adjourned at 9:05 P.M.

MINUTES	Las VegaS, Nevada

December 16, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las VegaS,
Nevada held this 16th day of December, 1959, was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

City Attorney	Calvin M. Cory

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Edwina M. Cole

Absent:	Commissioner William H. Elwell

(Excused)

His Honor Mayor Gragson called the meeting to order and stated this was
the time set for the public hearing regarding the vacation of property
generally described as a portion of Decatur Boulevard at Alta Drive.

This vacation petition was approved at the regular meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners held November 4, 1959, and Public Hearing set
for this time. His Honor Mayor Gragson asked if any protestants were
present in the room and to this there was no reply.

Commissioner Sharp moved Vacation VAC-6-59 be approved:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 9th day of September, 1959, signed by three
(3) freeholders in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk
of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of tracts or parcels of
land generally described as a portion of Decatur Boulevard and Alta
Drive, hereinafter described, and said petition having been by order
of this Board referred to the City Planning Commission for its
recommendation in the premises and said Planning Commission having filed
its report, dated October 29, 1959, and with this Board approving and
recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the
4th day of November, 1959, set the 16th day of December, 1959, at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 400 Stewart
Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and
place for a public hearing on said petition and recommendation, and
ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid property proposed to be
vacated to be posted with a notice setting forth the time and place of
the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Fred H. Callihan filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order,
a copy of which notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on
the 16th day of November, 1959, in the manner prescribed by said order;

12-8-59 and 12-16-59

VACATION VAC-6-59
Public Hearing
Order Adopted