City Manager Kennedy advised that the Frontier Girl Scouts were desirous
of transferring their present lease on property located at Second and
Mesquite to property located behind the National Guard Armory, between
the National Guard Armory on Stewart Street and the road going into
Hadland Park parking lot, and that they would like a lease with an
option to purchase.

Commissioner Sharp stated the property would have to be purchased at the
appraised value and suggested an appraisal be prepared and submitted to
the Commissioners.

Commissioner Fountain stated he would like to see an enlarged map of the
vicinity, in order to ascertain just which section the Girl Scouts were
desirous of purchasing.

It was the feeling of the Board of Commissioners that a transfer of the
lease would be desirable, but that the matter of entering into a lease
with an option to purchase should be deferred pending receipt of an
appraisal and an enlarged map.

Commissioner Fountain inquired as to the present status of this matter and
City Manager Kennedy advised the Personnel Department and Mr. Heath were
checking into the matter and would have a recommendation at the next
meeting.

Commissioner Sharp stated he would like the City Manager and City Attorney
to make a further investigation with reference to personnel driving
ambulances and, in this connection, set up a program regarding
qualifications and the passing of First Aid Classes, so that First Aid
cards might be issued to such personnel.

Commissioner Sharp moved that an Ordinance be prepared covering
qualifications of personnel driving ambulances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

His Honor Mayor Gragson inquired if there was any other business to come
before the meeting and Commissioner Sharp stated His Honor had previously
requested the names of the members of the National Junior Rifle Board.
Commissioner Sharp stated the present members were B. J. Swanson, Philip
J. Little, Clint Lyons, Harris Sharp, Mart Garhardt, Mrs. Fred Allen and
Mike Maini, and added he thought they were doing a fine job.

Commissioner Fountain stated he noticed Mr. Frank Holden in the audience
and moved that a letter be sent the City Employees Association, commending
them for the fine program presented by them at the Christmas Party.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of
9:25 P.M. Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

GIRL SCOUTS OF AMERICA FRONTIER
COUNCIL

Transferal of Lease
Approved

MUNICIPAL COURT CLERK

Salary Increase
Held in Abeyance

AMBULANCE CONTRACT
Preparation of Ordinance

Approved

CITY EMPLOYEES ASSOCIATION
Letter of Commendation
Approved