Committee could then serve as a clearing house, and as a laboratory
for solution of the many problems of Urban Renewal. Each member of
URAAC could then be delegated the responsibility of taking the
message to his or her own group and of arousing the interest of that
group. The problem of Public Education could be then made practical
and relatively easy.

The present members of URAAC feel that its organization should
be representative of religious, professional, business, service, social,
veterans, labor and ethnic groups.

URAAC, although fully cognizant of the adage of "The greatest
good for the largest number," urges careful study of the future of the
Jackson Street commercial area, and suggests a feasible solution to the
economic catastrophe that is certain to befall the owners and operators
of the businesses now in operation in that area. A solution may avert
financial disaster to Jackson Street and will save the City both money
and headaches.

URAAC strongly advises alertness in planning against any
discriminatory land reuse. Racial and religious discriminatory practices
in housing are a serious problem and they tend to bring about recurrence
of slum areas by their very own custom. If the economic suppressed
groups are confined to a geographic area more or less exclusively
inhabited by these groups, that area is destined to decay and to breed
undesirable problems in City Management. Integration in housing will
tend to lessen the recurrence of blight; and planning for land reuse
should certainly give great thought to this major problem.

Dr. Charles I. West	Rev. J. G. Gilmore

William "Bob" Bailey	David Hoggard

Henry Moore	Julius Marion

Marjorie Elliott

Mr. Bailey then spoke as follows: "At this point I might add, this is
the first meeting we have been able to get with the two Commissions
because of election year and other similar reasons. Actually the first
two years we have been on the Committee we have been trying to get
enough knowledge to intelligently guide and advise the City Commission,
the Planning Commission and, primarily, the population.

"Now we are moving into this thing where we will be facing a number of
different actions throughout the next year. We will actually be in
direct contact with people - here is where we will get suggestions
from the people themselves. It may be an argument against acquisition
of lands and/or the theory of Urban Renewal, but we will get some very
interesting questions from the people themselves. This is where the
big function is coming in. We feel if there is any way possible for
this Committee to meet with the City Commission it will help us in this
phase of the Program. I feel there is going to be a great necessity
for this, especially from the public relations angle. If we cannot
coordinate our thinking we are going to be out on a limb. Mr. Bills
and Mr. Dave Kennedy have been wonderful in their technical knowledge
but do you of the City Commission feel it would be possible to meet
with our Committee at least every two months?"

In the general conversation that followed it was finally agreed that the
Planning Commission and Planning Staff would meet with the Committee on
a regular basis (to be determined by the Planning Staff) with special
meetings as necessity dictates with the Planning Commission referring
to the City Commission such matters as may require official action or
Progress Reports, as the case may be.

Mayor Gragson stated he felt that as many of the City Commissioners as
could, should attend the meetings of the Planning Staff and the URAAC.

Commissioner Fountain at this point said that he would like to
personally commend this Board for the handling of the Program to the
present time. Planning Director Franklin J. Bills concurred in this
commendation.

Mr. Bailey went on to say that this is just the beginning of the
"trouble-shooting" time. - "now we will be actually asking them when
they want to move. A point we feel is certainly worthwhile bringing
to your attention and getting into action just as soon as possible.
Assuming this is the first area - there are other areas in other parts
of town where Urban Renewal will follow - we feel other people in
other parts of the community will benefit a great deal by what is done
now - Mr. Moore would like to speak on this briefly."

Mr. Moore spoke generally as follows: The problem is so immense and
complicated that no individual or group can handle it alone. We will
have to turn to you for aid. But this is not enough. It is evident
that there is a wide-spread citizen need to translate ideas into action.
If this Committee combines forces with other people and joins forces
with our own Commissions, then our Urban Renewal Program will be on its
way to solving its problems. The first step - say a small group of 15 to

12-8-59