Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Louis Gold for reclassification
of property legally described as Lots 18, 19 and 20 in Block 5, Hawkins
Addition, and irregular Lot "H" in Wardie Addition, generally located on the
NW corner of 7th Street and Bridger Avenue from R-4 to C-2 be approved as
recommended by the Planning Commission, and the City Attorney instructed to
prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented a petition for vacation of an unimproved
portion of a street known as "M" Street, located between Jefferson and
Madison Avenue. Mr. Bills stated the Planning Commission had given
preliminary approval of a subdivision map which would, by its final
acceptance, provide the necessary additional dedication for "N" Street and,
with the dedication for "N" Street, "M" Street would no longer be needed.

He explained this was fundamentally the same procedure which was followed
in relation to Bonanza Terrace and Virginia Manor, to the north of this
property. Mr. Bills stated there were no protests of any kind and it was
the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition be approved
and a public hearing set.

Commissioner Sharp moved the petition of Woods Construction Co. for the
vacation of an unimproved right-of-way known as "M" Street, between its
intersection with Madison and Jefferson Streets, be approved, as recommended
by the Planning Commission, and public hearing set for 8:00 P.M., March 2,
1960, in the Council Chambers of the City Hall.

The Commission considered the application of Anthony Bulygo for reclassification
of property legally described as the N½ of the Eg of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of
the SW¼ of Sec. 33, T20S, R61E, M.D.B. & M., between Highland Drive and
Desert Lane, from R-1 to R-3.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the land use section of
the Master Plan, which would be before the Commission very shortly, now
indicates this for residential usage, but it was the opinion of the
Planning Commission that the frontage which abuts upon Highland Drive and
faces industrial property might better be developed with multiples than
singles. He stated there was one protest; however, the protestant was not
objecting to the change from R-1 to R-3, but wanted this area zoned
commercial, which had been denied three times by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Anthony Bulygo for reclassification
of property legally described as the Ng of the Eg of the SE¼ of the NE½ of
the SW¼ of Sec. 33, T20S, R61E, M.D.B. & M., between Highland Drive and
Desert Lane, from R-1 to R-3, be approved, as recommended by the Planning
Commission, and the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary
ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Keith J. Rudd for
reclassification of a parcel of land at the northwest corner of Stewart and
25th Street from R-3 to R-4. Mr. Bills stated that in the overall zoning
map there is no R-4 anywhere north of approximately Sunrise Avenue, nor
east of Bruce Street, and most of the general planning for this area has
indicated the feasibility of not zoning this section R-4, which is double of
R-3. Mr. Bills pointed out a section on the map which indicated very
recent developments in accordance with R-3, and advised he could see no
reason why the property in question could not be developed as R-3. Mr.

Bills informed the Board there were six protests from adjacent property
owners and that it was the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
the application of Mr. Rudd be denied.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Keith J. Rudd for reclassification
of property legally described as Lots 27 through 32, Block 6, Boulder Dam
Homesite #4, generally located on the northwest corner of 25th Street and
Stewart, from R-3 to R-4, be denied, as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Herman E. Fisher and
Louisa Earl for reclassification of the W½ of the W½ of Lots 29, 30, 31
and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, and the Eg of the W½ of Lots 29, 30,

31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, generally located on the south side
of Bridger, between Las Vegas Boulevard South and Sixth Street, from C-1
to C-2, and stated, although the Planning Commission had recommended
approval of this rezoning and there were no protests, a couple of items had
come up on the matter since the meeting of the Planning Commission, of which
the Board should be aware. Mr. Bills suggested this matter be referred
back to the Planning Commission for further study.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Herman E. Fisher and Louisa
Earl for reclassification of the W½ of the W½ of Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32,

1-20-60

VACATION VAC-9-59

Woods Construction
Co.

Approved

Public Hearing Set

REZONING Z-38-59
Anthony Bulygo
Approved

REZONING Z-40-59
Keith J. Rudd
Denied

REZONING Z-41-59

Herman E. Fisher
and Louisa Earl

Held in Abeyance