Approval was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the
following conditions:	(There were four protests from property owners, two

located on Bonita and two on South Sixth Street).

1.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond sufficient to
cover cost of offsite improvements, as recommended by the Engineering
Department.

2.	Conformance to the plot plan.

3. Parking area to be surfaced with asphaltic concrete.

Commissioner Sharp inquired as to the basis of the protests and Deputy
Planning Director Saylor replied that the property owners felt if this Use
Permit were granted the Mesquite Club, it would open the door for the erec-
tion of other buildings not compatible to the surrounding area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jessie N. Hunt for a Use
Permit to place a building approximately 70' x 100' on property 330' east
of South Sixth Street, on the south side of St. Louis Avenue, to house the
Mesquite Club, legally described as a portion of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Sec.
3, T21S, R61E, M.D.B. & M., in an R-1 zone, be approved, as recommended by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the conditions set out above.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Deputy Planning Director Saylor stated Dr. Mario Ionides desired to utilize
a portion of a building, located in an R-4 zone, on the south side of
Carson Street, immediately east of the alley, between 9th and 10th Streets,
for offices.

Approval was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the
following conditions:	(There were no protests).

1.	Sighing of an improvement agreement and filing of bond for the installa-
tion of offsite improvements, as recommended by the Engineering Depart-
ment .

2.	Conformance to Fire Zone #2 regulations and the construction of a trash
enclosure suitable to Building and Fire Department regulations.

3. Conformance to plot plan with asphaltic concrete surfacing on the
parking lot.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Dr. Mario Ionides for a Use
Permit to operate a professional office at 917 Carson Street, between 9th
and 10th Streets, on the south side of Carson Street, legally described as
the W½ of Lots 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21, in Block 6, Pioneer Heights, in an
R-4 zone, be approved, as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment and
subject to the conditions stated by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain on stipulation that there is
strict conformance with Paragraph 2 of conditions laid down by the Board of
Zoning Adjustment, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Elwell

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Deputy Planning Director Don Saylor stated this proposal would eliminate
three parking meters along the north side of Carson, to be replaced by a
no parking zone, permitting a free zone for entrance into Sears' parking
lot. In addition, a "No Left Turn" sign would be installed to prevent
eastbound traffic from cutting across Carson and entering the parking lot,
thus greatly facilitating movement into the parking lot.

Commissioner Elwell moved the recommendation of the Traffic & Parking
Commission for the removal of three parking meters and the installation of
a "No Parking Zone" on the north side of Carson, beginning at 6th Street
and continuing east a distance of 140' be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the bids received for Bid #I-24-59 for paving on
the south side of Washington Avenue, from Twin Lakes Drive to Tonopah High-
way. Public Works Department recommended Wells Cargo, Inc. be awarded the
contract for their low bid in the amount of $5500.95; second bid received
from Ideal Asphalt was in the amount of $6347.25.

Commissioner Sharp moved Bid #I-24-59 be awarded to Wells Cargo, Inc. for
their low bid in the amount of $5500.95.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the bids received for Bid #I-25-59 for furnishing
of 200 tons of emulsified asphalt. Public Works Department recommended
American Bitumuls & Asphalt Company be awarded the contract for their low
bid in the amount of $7900.00; second bid received from Douglas Oil Company
in the amount of $8200.00; Engineer's Estimate was $8575.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved Bid #I-25-59 be awarded to American Bitumuls &
Asphalt Company for their low bid in the amount of $7900.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

1-6-60

USE PERMIT U-32-59
Dr. Mario Ionides
Approved

NO PARKING ZONE

N. Side Carson,
from 6th Street East

Approved

BID #I-24-59

Washington Ave. Paving
South Side - Twin Lakes
Dr. to Tonopah Highway

Wells Cargo, Inc.

Award

BID #I-25-59

200 Tons Emulsified
Asphalt

American Bitumuls &
Asphalt Company

Award