Commissioner Elwell moved the foregoing Resolution he adopted and the
public hearing set for March 16, 1960, at 7:30 P.M. in the Council
Chambers of City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at
the hour of 8:50 P.M., with all members present as of the opening
session.

-0O0-

Mrs. Robert Lundgren, a Principal of a school in Vegas Heights,
addressed the Commission, stating she lived north of Owens, on
Highland Drive, and across from her residence the property had become a
veritable City dump. Mrs. Lundgren stated people dumped garbage and
trash on the desert, on the right-of-way and even on the highway. It
was ascertained this land was in the City. Mrs. Lundgren advised she
had appealed to different members of the City Fathers and the Commission,
requesting that something be done to correct the situation, such as
the posting of signs; that she has seen people driving in and dumping
as many as five cans of raw garbage at a time.

City Manager Kennedy advised he had received a complaint to the same
effect and an inspection revealed the condition described by Mrs.

Lundgren. Mr. Kennedy stated he asked the person who called to get
the license number of any cars dumping garbage, notify the Police
Department, and a police car would be there immediately and concluded
by stating the owner of the property would have to be notified to
clean it up.

It was Commissioner Fountain's thought that a skiploader should be used
to cover the debris, after which the property should be posted and
the roads leading into the property barricaded.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, remarked that the people dumping garbage
could well be from the County, to which Mrs. Lundgren replied she
did not believe this was true in all instances, as she had seen
contractors dump trash on the property.

Planning Director Bills added that while discussing a proposed annexation,
some citizens had objected on the ground they would have to pay $5.00
a quarter to have their garbage removed and, as long as they were in
the County, they could dump it on the land.

City Manager Kennedy stated steps would have to be taken to have this
property cleaned; however, the City had no right to go on private
property. Mrs. Lundgren commented that, in any event, the right-of-
way could be cleaned up.

Commissioner Whipple stated the City would first have to make a request
to the owner of the property that it be cleaned, as the City could
not go on private property without first giving notice. It was Mrs.
Lundgren's opinion that it would cost the owner thousands of dollars
to clean this property. City Manager Kennedy stated he believed the
owner of the property was in California.

After consideration by the Commission, Commissioner Whipple moved the
tentative map of McNeil Tract #5 be approved, as recommended by the
Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

After consideration by the Commission, Commissioner Fountain moved the
tentative map of Golfridge Terrace #4 be approved, as recommended by
the Planning Commission, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Assurance as to acquisition of a suitable school site.

2.	Approval of water system by Water District.

3. No vehicular access to Michael Way.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

After consideration by the Commission, Commissioner Fountain moved the
tentative map of Golfridge Terrace #5 be approved, as recommended by
the Planning Commission, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Assurance as to acquisition of a suitable school site.

2.	Approval of water system by Water District.

3.	No vehicular access to Decatur Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-17-60

McNEIL TRACT #5
Tentative Map
Approved

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE #4
Tentative Map
Approved

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE #5
Tentative Map
Approved

TRASH AND GARBAGE DUMPING
Complaint