LIQUOR APPLICATION

Addition Owner

Patrick's Peyton Place

Held in Abeyance
Until after Recess

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
New

Sports Liquor Store
Approved

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
Additional Location
Long Horn Pit Bar-B-Que
Approved

FIREARMS PERMIT
New

Rod and Gun Center

ANNEXATION A-4-59
National Dollar Stores, Ltd.
Resolution Adopted

Commissioner Fountain stated he was under the impression that Mr. Lawrence
had been requested to appear before the Board of City Commissioners at
7:15 P.M. tonight, prior to this meeting.

Mr. Brennan, attorney representing Mr. Lawrence, informed the Board that he,
Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Lawrence's partner had been at City Hall at 6:55 P.M.,
waiting in the hall, to see the Board of City Commissioners. He advised
the Board that all doors leading to offices were locked and, although he
had knocked on several doors, he had received no answer.

It was decided to hold this matter in abeyance until after recess.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of William G. Gallagher for a
cigarette license at Sports Liquor Store, 419 N. Main, be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Ralph T. Warne's Vending for
a cigarette license at Long Horn Pit Bar-B-Que, 122½ North Second Street,
be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

(Commissioner Sharp arrived at the meeting at this point.)

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of A. R. McKinley for a firearms
permit at Rod and Gun Center, 326 S. 3rd. Street, be approved on the basis
of favorable police report, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills stated a petition had recently been submitted by
National Dollar Stores for the annexation of an area which has been
enlarged to include 123 acres and which is located south of San Francisco
Avenue, west of the Union Pacific Railroad, east of the last recent
annexation, and east of the established line of the Interstate Freeway in
this location; that 15 property owners were included in this area and at
one time there were objections from some of them, but at present there were
no protests. Mr. Bills advised it was the recommendation of the Planning
Commission that this annexation be approved, as the Planning Commission was
satisfied the City could furnish services to this area in better fashion
than could be accomplished by any other method. Mr. Bills stated out of the
15 property owners concerned, 9 had indicated approval and the other 6
owned small individual lots within this area and had not been heard from;
however, at the present time, there was not a single protest. It was the
recommendation of the Planning Commission that the City adopt a resolution
of intention to annex this area.

Commissioner Fountain inquired if the 9 property owners who had indicated
approval of the annexation represented 95% of the property owners, to which
Mr. Bills replied in the affirmative.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted and that a
certified copy thereof be forwarded to the Chairman of the Board of County
Commissioners:

A RESOLUTION INDICATING THE INTENTION OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS TO ANNEX PROPERTY PRESENTLY INCLUDED
WITHIN THE UNINCORPORATED TOWN OF WINCHESTER, AND
NOTIFYING THE BOARD OF THE COMMISSIONERS OF CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA OF THIS INTENTION

WHEREAS, an investigation has been made into possible annexation
to the City of Las Vegas of certain areas in the unincorporated town of
Winchester in Clark County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, a majority of the property owners, as well as the owners
of an overwhelming majority of the taxable property of said area, which
consists of more than 60 acres, have indicated desire for annexation to the
City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas has
recommended the annexation of the hereinafter described property to the
City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that said area may be
annexed and that said annexation will be in the public interest, and

WHEREAS, Ordinance 97 of the County of Clark provides that prior to
circulating a petition to annex, 60 days' notice of intention to annex must
be given to the Board of County Commissioners, and

1-20-60