PUBLIC HEARING
Appeal of Variance Denial
Thomas E. Kirby



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-23
Bid on Bonds



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-25
Bid on Bonds

OPENING OF BIDS
Westside St. Lighting



USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Flo Hanson
Denied

PARCEL II

The East five (5) feet of Rexford Drive from the South line of Fourth Place, now
known as Weldon Drive, to the North line of St. Louis, as shown on Amended Map
of Beverly Green Tract No. 2, recorded in Book 3 of Plats, page 24.

be and the same are hereby vacated.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of the
denial of the application of Thomas E. Kirby for a variance to construct and
maintain an office and rental unit in addition to an existing single family
residence on Lot 4, Block 17, 14th Street Addition (City), 430 No. 15th
Street, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance application.

Mr. Fred Eaton appeared before the Board at this time in protest to the granting
of the variance application.

Commissioner Sharp stated this particular application has far-reaching affects
and moved it be held in abeyance until July 9, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to offer for sale and to receive
sealed bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment negotiable
coupon bonds designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-23 Street
Improvement Bonds, Series of July 1, 1954, in the aggregate principal amount of
$331,452.54.

Thereupon all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

BIDDER	ANNUAL RATE OF INTEREST	PREMIUM NO. OF SETS

OF COUPONS

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA	4.40%	none	2

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City
Manager and Comptroller for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to offer for sale, and to
receive sealed bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment
negotiable coupon bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-25
Street Improvement Bonds Series of July 1, 1954, in the aggregate principal amount
of $162,446.67.

Thereupon all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

BIDDER	ANNUAL RATE OF INTEREST	PREMIUM NO OF SETS

OF COUPONS

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA	4.40%	none	2

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved to refer the aforegoing bid to the City Manager
and Comptroller for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple
passed his vote.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids on the Westside Street
Lighting project, the matter was considered by the Board and bids were received
from the following firms:

ACME COLLINS CO. INC	$6910.60	$6273.85	$7429.14

HARRY F BREWER	7370.00	5623.48	no bid

MEL DENNET ELECTRIC	6466.00	7362.80	8054.70

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and City Engineer for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Flo Hanson for a Use Permit to
authorize the continued maintenance of a child nursery at 1315 East Francis Avenue.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
denying this application be accepted, and the following resolution adopted: