219

The maximum coverage permitted under this use shall
not exceed four dwelling units (one-family) each per
lot as platted, or one dwelling per each one thousand
seven hundred fifty (1,750) square feet of lot area.

3.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT

The maximum building height shall be two stories.

4.	YARD REQUIRED

a.	No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20)
feet to the front property line of any lot fronting
on Fourteenth Street.

b.	There shall be a side yard on each side of a build-
ing of not less than ten percent of the width of the
lot.

c.	There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20)
feet in depty.

5.	DWELLING GROUPS

In the event dwelling groups are to be erected, lot
plan shall first be submitted to the Planning Commission
for compliance with regulations for such use permitted
in such property.

6.	PROVISIONS FOR STORAGE OF AUTOMOBILE

There shall be provided at the time of the construction
of any dwelling units hereafter erected, minimum perman-
ently maintained off-street parking accommodations with
adequate provisions for ingress as follows:	There shall

be provided private automobile storage space, located on
the same lot or parcel of land, with a capacity for not
less than one car for each dwelling unit.

7.	BUILDING AND PLOT PLANS

Building and plot plans to be checked by office of the
Planning Commission for compliance with above conditions.

8.	DEED RESTRICTIONS

It is not intended by the granting of this exception to
interfere with, abridge, abrogate, or annul any private
covenants, deed restrictions or other agreements between
parties affecting the lands concerned.

This application, involving property legally described therein and
classified in Residence Zone #1, was filed with and reviewed by the
office of the Joint Planning Commission. After consideration of all
factual data, it was determined that the exception granted herewith
under the conditions set forth was consistent with the intent and
purposes of the City Zoning Ordinance and amendments thereto now
being prepared.

Yours very truly,

LAS VEGAS -- CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION
/s/ C. G. Petrie

C.	G. Petrie
City Engineer

CC:	Board of City Commissioners

J. M. Murphy
Building Department

CGP'dmn

VEGA	VERDE	TRACT	Commissioner Baskin moved that the city manager confer with the

NO. 3	Tentative	Map	Joint Planning Commission relative to the recommendation	of said

Commission on Vega Berde Tract No,3, informing them that it is the
	desire of the City that streets in this and future subdivisions

be no less than 50' and that alleyways be provided. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall arrived at the meeting.

VACATION 17th Street Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Clerk be instructed to post
	notices, as required by law, for the holding of a public	meeting

	relative to the vacation of 17th Street, and setting the	date of said

meeting for 2:00 p.m. May 7th, 1948 in the Council Chamber. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by unanimous vote.