Commissioner Bunker moved this application for use permit be approved and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 7th day of December, 1955; having considered the application
of Drs. R.H. Clark and John L. O'Harra for a use permit to build a small animal hos-
pital and veterinary office on property situated on Highland Avenue south of West
Charleston; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Drs. R.H.

Clark and John L. O'Harra for a use permit to build a small animal hospital and
veterinary office on property situated on Highland Avenue south of West Charles-
ton Boulevard, be and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set
forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 8.45 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9*00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission considered the application of Billie Rodgers for a variance to op-
erate a beauty shop at 1014 North E Street (Lot 12, Block 2, HFM&M) in an R-4 zone.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application for variance.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted,
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 7th day of December, 1955; having considered the application
of Billie Rodgers for a variance to operate a beauty shop at 1014 North E Street
(Lot 12, Block 2, HFM&M) in an R-4 zone; and the Board having considered the recom-
mendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Billie
Rodgers for a variance to operate a beauty shop at 1014 North E Street be and the
same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of the Rancho Drive Realty for a variance
to construct a professional office building with the front of the building located
on the front property line on Weldon Avenue between St. Louis and El Centro Place
(Lots 5;6 and 7; Block 3; El Centro Addition #2) in an R-4 zone. The Board of Ad-
justment approved this application providing the use be limited to quarters for
doctors and dentists and that the construction be limited to one story.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved subject to the conditions of
the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 7th day of December, 1955; having considered the application
of Rancho Drive Realty for a variance to construct a professional office building
with the front of the building located on the front property line on Weldon Avenue
between St. Louis and El Centro Place (Lots 5, 6 and 7; Block 3; El Centro Addition
#2) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application providing the use be limited to quarters for doctors and dentists
and that the construction be limited to one story;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Rancho Drive
Realty for variance be, and the same hereby is approved, subject to the conditions
of the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission
that the Uniform Sign Chart as approved by the U. S. Bureau of Public Roads be adopted,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade presented a deed from Baker & Hazard, Inc.
dedicating any interest they might have in the access streets to Highland Avenue and
Harris Avenue in Highland Square Subdivision.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unan-
imously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted, and
order made:

VARIANCE - V-42-55
Billie Rodgers



VARIANCE - V-43-55
Rancho Drive Realty



SIGN CHART ADOPTED



HIGHLAND SQUARE
Final Map