June, 1918 at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M. of said day, to consider the adoption of an
amendment to ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance fixing the fire
limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping and storage of
combustibles and explosives, "and to consider such other matters as may come before such meeting.
You will please be present at such meeting.

Filed June 17th, 1918.	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Thereupon the Board proceeded to take up the matter of amending the fire ordinance in said City

and after going into to said matter from all aggies and it appearing to the Board that this was

a matter that required considerable though and consideration upon the part of the Board it was



upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned unless called together
sooner	

by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. June	1918.

At a special called meeting of the Board pdf City Commissioners in and for the City of Las

Vegas, Nevada on the 25th, day of June A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners 

Ball, Miller, Elwell, and Ullom being present. the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Mayor stated to the Board purpose of said special called meeting setting

forth that said called meeting was for the purpose of taking up and considering the amending of

Fire and Building ordinance of said City.

Whereupon the Clerk then read to the Board notice of said specially called meeting as follows
towit;	Las Vegas, Nevada June 24th, 1918.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

I hereby issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, to be held at the office of said Board in the County Court house at the City
of Las egas, Nevada on the 86th day of June , 1918 at the hour of 8:30 P.M. to consider and act
upon a proposed amendment or amendments to ordinance No 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An
Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and
the keeping and storage of Combustibles and explosives, " and all ordinances and parts of Ordina-
nces mandatory thereof to supplemental thereto, You will please give notice to the members of
said Board in accordance with this call. At such special Meeting we will also consider such other
and further matters as may be brought before the Board.

W.E. Hawkins

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Filed June 24th A.D. 1918. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the written notice as personally served upon each of said
members of the Board of City Commissioners as follows towit;

" Las Vegas, Nevada, June 24th, 1918.

To Commissioners, Ball, Miller, Ullom, and Elwell and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins.

You are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City will be held at the office
of the said Board of City Commissioners at the County Court House in said City of Las Vegas on
Tuesday, the 28th day of June, 1918, at the hour of 8:30 O'clock P.M. to consider and act upon

a proposed amendment or amendments to Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An
Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating combustibles and explosives
and all ordinances and parts of ordinances amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto, and to
consider and act upon such further and other business which may come before such meeting. Your
presence at such meeting is urgently requested. Harley A. Harmon , C