OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

SEPTEMBER 12th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 13th day
of Sept. 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, German and Smith together with
the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of Sept. 5th, and 6th read, and approved as read.

All correspondence was read to the Board, and Clerk directed to take care of same.

The following petition was read to the Board:

TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

We- the undersigned property owners along Ogden Street hereby petition your Honorable
Board to extend the grading of Ogden Street to Fourteenth which is a graveled street.

The above petition was signed by 32 property owners.

The petition was referred to the Street Commissioner O.J. Smith for him to investi-
gate, and report back to the Board.

A petition from a group of restaurant owners was read to the Board, and the same was
referred to Commissioner R. W Thomas Police & Fire Commissioner as to the sanitation, and
construction of buildings housing same in the Fire Zone #2.

A petition from property owners on the Westside asking for a sewer system, and to have
the ordered issued by Plumbing Inspector F. A. Thomason in regards to cesspool be with drawn,
was read to the Board, and the same was referred to Commissioner L. B. Hansell W. S & L. Com-
missioner.

The matter of the site for the proposed new Federal Building was next brought be-
fore the Board.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the action of Mayor Hesse, acting on behalf of the City of Las
Vegas in offering, by the execution on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas of a site pro-
posal in writing to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States of America, bearing
date the 22nd day of August 1929, to donate to the United States of America the following
portion of what is known as and commonly called "the Fair Grounds" for use by the government
in the erection and maintenance of Federal Building or buildings thereon, which said portion
of said Fair Grounds embraced in said proposal is more particularly described as follows;

A parcel of land, situated in the Southwesterly portion of a tract of land
known as the City Park Grounds and belonging to the City of Las Vegas in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada and more particularly described in that certain
deed bearing date the 31st day of May 1929, made by Las Vegas Land & Water
Company, a municipal corporation, recorded in Book 14 of Deeds at page 560,

Clark County, Nevada Records, the portion to be donated to the government be-
ing described as follows:

Commencing at a point, which is 520 ft. N. 61 deg. 47'W. from a point which is
80ft. N. 28 deg. 13' E. from the N. E. corner of Block 33 in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite at its intersection with Stewart, and Fifth Streets, as shown on Map
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and running thence N. 61 deg. 47' W. 540 ft;
thence S. 28 deg. 13' W. 250 ft. to the place of the beginning; and comprising
a net area of three and ten-one hundredths (3.10) acres,
which proposal recited that inorder to made the intended donation to the government it would
be necessary to secure the cooperation of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, whereby under
the laws of the State of Nevada, upon a petition signed by the requisite number of citizens the
Board of City Commissioners may re-convey the above land to Las Vegas Land & Water Company,
and the later can then convey direct to the U. S. Government, be and the same is hereby ratified
and approved, and a duplicate of such proposal is hereby directed to be filed in the office of
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board hereby authorize the preparation and cir-
culation of the necessary petition to authorize this Board to procure the reconveyance of the
above described 3.10 acres to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas,
and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time a discussion of the proposed ornamental street lightening system came
before the Board. The form of agreement, General Conditions for all Contractors, form of Con-
tractors Proposal, form of "Sealed Bids for Proposals were read to the Board.

There upon Motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Smith same were
accepted by the Board, and the Clerk directed to advertise for bids. Said advertisement to be
in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two weeks,
six (6) issues. Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon the motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the time
for the opening of the bids was set for the hour of three o'clock P.M. the 30th day of Sept. 1929.
Vote As follows; Commissioners German Hansell, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse
voting Aye Noes None.

The following motion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner
Thomas, That the salary of the Plumbing Inspector be increased to the amount of fees collected
up to $200.00 per month, and that the City in no way be held liable to the difference of the

amount of fees collected, and the said $200.00.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor
Mayor voting Aye. Noes Hone.

The following motion was made by Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas,
that the Clerk be directed to hire a typist to made sufficient copies of the specifications,
agreement, General Conditions for all Contractors, and Contractors Proposal Sheets to give to