and it was further ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby directed to forward
a certified copy of said resolution to-gether with a certified copy of the transcript of the
proceedings of this Board relative to said Resolution to the State Board of Finance at Carson
City, Nevada, for Approval.

RESOLUTION

"WHEREAS, the present Board of City Commissioners
of Las Vegas, Nevada, took office on the first day of
June, 1925, and find that after apportionment of taxes
made in June, 1925, there are no moneys whatsoever in
the Street Fund or in the Police and Fire Fund of said
City, and that there is no source from which sufficient
funds can be derived to carry on said departments until
the next tax apportionment in December of this year, ex-
cept through an emergency loan as herein provided for,
and a great necessity exists for moneys with which to
conduct said two important departments of the City
Government, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be
necessary for said City to borrow the sum of
Fifteen Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two
and one-half years by the issuance of the negotiable
note or notes of said City bearing interest at the rate
of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, redeemable as
by law provided out of an Emergency Tax Fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City
Commissioners of said City do hereby authorize and em-
power the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the
purposes aforesaid the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars,
for a period not to exceed two and one-half years and
to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory
note or notes of said City in the aggregate of said sum
of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, the issue to tear interest
at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum,
to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time
when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund to be
known as the "City of Las Vegas, Emergency Fund " to be
levied by this City at the first tax levy following the
Creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided."

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and	



Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board it was ordered upon motion



duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on

Thursday the 2nd day of July, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	

JULY 2nd, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of July, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present	

His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners, C. J. Hammond, O.J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
W. H. Elwell, the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and special meetings were read and there being no om-
issions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office the

Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board

The claim of Archie Mellott in the sum of $30.00 was rejected and denied. Vote as

Follows: Commissioners Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes none.

At this time it was moved that the bill of the First State Bank in the sum of $1000.00

due on note dated Oct. 1, 1923 and $40.00 interest be laid over until next meeting. Vote as

follows: Commissioners Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Awe. Noes none

At this time the communication C. D. Breeze requesting the Honorable Board to allow him

the sum of $40.00 per month for providing quarters for Municipal and Justice's Courts, was read

read and laid over for consideration at the next meeting of the of the Board. Vote as follows: