CALL OF SPECIAL NESTING

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's office, in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 27th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the following matters;

1. To met with the officials of the Western Air Express Corporation in regard to an agreement
for the management of the City's Municipal Airport.

Dated this 27th day of July, 1936.

L.L. Arnett, Mayor.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth,

H.P. Marble and M.E.Ward, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE : That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas will be held in the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's office in the
City Monday the 27th day of July, 1936 to consider and act upon the following matter:

1. To meet with the officials of the Western Air Express Corporation in regard to an agree-
ment for the management of the City's Municipal Airport.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice and represent that H.P. Marble, Commissioner of the said City
is absent from the City and State on this date and his whereabouts are not easily ascer-
tainable.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down	David Farnsworth	M.E.Ward

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 27th day of July, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

This meeting being called for the purpose of discussing and entering into an agreement
with the Western Air Express Corp. for the operation of the City's Municipal Airport if
satisfactory terms could be decided upon the Board at once entered into a detailed examin-
ation of a proposed agreement.

Leo Dwerlkotte Sec'y. Treasurer of the Western Air Express Corp. and his attorney Leo
McNamee representing the said company appeared before the Board.

No definite action was to the entering into the agreement or lease was reached at this
time, but Mr. Dwerlkotte was to present to the Board of Directors of the Western Air Express
Corp. for their consideration the various proposed changes in the agreement and report to the
Board of City Commissioners sometime in the near further.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas us hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Tuesday the 28th
day of July, 1936 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the
following:

1. To meet with the officials of the Western Air Express Corporation in regard to an agreement
for the management of the City's Municipal Airport.

Dated this 28th day of July, 1936.

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.