On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble the following slot machine
licenses were granted:

E.D. Ciliax	2	White Spat Cafe	3

A.H. Stevenson	1	W.E.Ferron	g

L.L. Arnett	37	E.P. Bihlmaier	23

All applications being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and	and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Oh motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following licenses be granted:

Lee & Skelly and W.E. Kelly retail beverage licenses.

Las Vegas Liquor Distributors Inc. Whle. liquor license.

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.



No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Monday
the 22nd of October 1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 22nd, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of October, 1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Deputy City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German on leave.

This being the time set for the hearing of more and further evidence and presenting of
affidavits in the case of W.J. Byrnes vs. The Northern Club and none being forthcoming, Mayor
E.W. Cragin presented to the Board the release from W.J. Byrnes to Northern Club.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved
and carried that the settlement had between the Northern Club and W.J. Bynes he accepted, and
that the case be considered closed.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover
the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vegas Sweet Shoppe 26 Slot Machine licenses.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a Roulette License be granted to M.P. Funk for the Sal Sagev Hotel Casino.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that two taxi cab licenses be granted. Applications being accompanied by the necessary bond
covering public liability and personal property damage as is provided by City Ordinance. Said
licenses issued to Boulder Taxi and Blue Cab company for one and two cars respectively.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayorvoting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.