At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from A.J. Mackie asking for an additional
extension of time to pay the balance due the City from sale of Block 5 in South Addition.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mr Mackie be given six months additional time to pay the balance due from sale of Block 5
South Addition and that he be informed this was the final extension of time. Said extension to
terminate November 4th, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that warrants and demands Nos. 142 to 153 inclusive be allowed and. that the Mayor and Clerk sign
the same.

Vote Commission rs Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Tuesday the 9th day of May, at the hour of ten A.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Tuesday the 9th day of May, 1939 at the hour of
ten A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 9th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 9th day of May, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the following retail beverage licenses be granted:

R.W.Thomas	Frontier Club.

Anna Barozzi	231 No 2nd St. Stewart St. Grocery

Bert Smith	3rd & Stewart St. Smith's Root beer stand

Blaine Johnson	628 So 5th St. Johnson's Market.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the L and K Market be granted 2 slot machine licenses and Bert Smith one.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The business of public liability and personal property insurance for taxi operators again
came before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the operators of taxis be given until mid-night May 10th to secure said policies.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Board secure bids for the publishing of bills, as same is provided in the new Charter
amendment. Publishers to bid on 6 point type and bids to be received May 15th and bids to cover
publications from April 1st to December 31, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

Mr. Goerman, Secretary of the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board and
ask that the Board allow $50.00 toward the traveling expenses of the Mayor to Salt Lake City, Utah.
The Mayor and one other representative of the City had been invited to speak over KSL Wednesday
May 10th, 1939, to publicize Las Vegas, and the annual Helldorado and Rodeo.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the City allow the sum of $50.00 toward traveling expenses of the Mayor or his representative to
Salt Lake City Utah .

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A communication from the United States Flag Association was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that
the Mayor issue proper proclamation for National Flag week, June 8th to 14th, 1939 and that the
City enter into the programme as sent forth by the United States Flag Association.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none,

The Board again took under consideration the sale of popies for the benefit of the blind,
and Mr. John Cahlan of the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal informed the Board that the paper
would carry an item and explain to the public that this sale of flowers was in no way connected
with the V.F.W. or the American Legion but was from a reliable association seeking aid for the
unfortunate blind.