OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. October 22nd ,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las

	

Vegas, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of October, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the estimate of Division Engineer C.C. Boyer for the paving of the sixteen
foot strips on each side of the proposed eighteen foot strip of concrete highway on Fremont
Street between Main and third streets, was considered, and it appearing to the Board that the
cost of constructing the same would be prohibitive for the City of Las Vegas, it was ordered
upon motion of Mayor W.C. German, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried, that
Mr. Boyer be and he is hereby requested to prepare a similar estimate of the cost of constructing
the sixteen foot strips of gravel instead of concrete, and that same be presented at the next
regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 6th day of November, 1923, at the hour of seven-
thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor
W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, second-
ed by Commissioner Elwell, that J.T. McWilliams be and he is hereby authorized to establish the
sidewalk grade on the east side of Fifth Street between Carson and Bridger Streets at a cost of
$25.00. Voting Commissioner Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C German, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no farther business to come before the Board at this time,
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the
Board adjourn until the next regular meeting, to be held on the 6th day of November, A.D. 1923,
at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell, and His
Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 6, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark
County Nevada, held on the 6th day of November A. D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty O'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson C. R. Shield
and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there appearing to be no omissions or
corrections, the same were approved as read.



Reports of officers were read, approved, and ordered placed on file An the office of the

clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The bill of
Hunting and Drew in the sum of $28.00 was ordered held up until the original requisitions should be
presented.

On motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by commissioner Anderson, the clerk was directed
to notify Joe Keate to appear before the Board at a regular adjourned meeting to be held Tuesday,

Nov. 20, 1923, at seven thirty O'clock p. m., to show cause why his mercantile license at Ladd's resort
should not be revoked. Voting commissioners Anderson. Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the  Mayor
W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.