Commissioner Sharp moved that the following resolution be adopted and sent
to the proper people:

WHEREAS, the LAS VEGAS HIGH SCHOOL RHYTHMETTES have recently completed a very
successful goodwill tour as representatives of the City of Las Vegas and the
State of Nevada, and

WHEREAS, the said LAS VEGAS RHYTHMETTES conducted themselves in an outstanding
manner and have furnished to the state and city innumerable benefits by pro-
viding good, wholesome entertainment and the resulting publicity therefrom;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the LAS VEGAS HIGH SCHOOL RHYTHMETTES be
highly commended and publicly thanked for their fine representation and the
wonderful manner in which they conducted themselves in their recent tour of the
nation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain requested additional time before reporting on the installa-
tion of parking meters, recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking
Commission that curb parking be eliminated on 5th Street from Oakey to the south
city limits be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for report on the Planning Commission
resolution for annexation of territory to the City, requested additional time.

Fire Chief Elmer Gates stated that Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, and a repre-
sentative of the Board of Fire Underwriters and he had checked the proposed site on
2144 Fremont for the new fire station. He stated that it was the committee's recom-
mendation that this site not be used since it was too far away to serve the newly
developing area in the northeast section of the City. It was the further recommenda-
tion of the committee that the location at Bruce and Charleston be accepted.

City Attorney Howard Cannon requested authorization of signature on release of claim
for damage to a city police car on October 3, 1954, by Francis M. Hvass in the amount

of $93.18.

Commissioner Sharp moved the authorization of signature on this release of claim be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Mr. Howard Cannon requested that the Board accept deeds from Werner-Griffith Inc.,
Valley Investment Company, and Standard Oil Company of California to clear up the
acquisition of the land on South "A" Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved that deeds from Werner-Griffith Inc., Valley Investment
Company, and Standard Oil Company be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of August, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds, dated the 15th
day of August, 1955, 24th day of August, 1955 and the 26th day of August, 1955, exe-
cuted by Standard Oil Company of California, a Delaware Corporation, Werner-Griffith,
Incorporated, a Nevada Corporation, and R. B. Griffith and Ruth Griffith, husband and
wife, Richard H. Clough and Edith Clough, husband and wife; doing business under the
name and style of Valley Investment Company, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accep-
ted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioners Bunker and Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy reported on the status of the permit granted the Bagdad Inn,

2211 South 5th Street, to move a light pole. The Board of Commissioners approved
this request on December 1, 1954, subject to the condition that two poles be placed
at specific locations determined by the Engineering Department. No action has been
taken by the Bagdad Inn to move this light pole.

Commissioner Sharp moved that, in view of the fact that nothing has been done, the
permit granted the Bagdad Inn, 2211 South 5th Street to move a light pole be revoked,
and the City Manager so notify the Bagdad Inn that no more permits will be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and Carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

RESOLUTION
Las Vegas
Rhythmettes

PARKING METERS

CURB PARKING
Fifth Street

LAS VEGAS ANNEXATION

FIRE STATION SITE

RELEASE OF CLAIM
Francis M. Hvass

PAYMENT AUTHORIZA-
TION

Resolution Accep-
ting Deed

South "A" Street

LIGHT POLE MOVING
Bagdad Inn

8-17-55