Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 2nd, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, E.W. Griffith, John B. Curtiss, Edward E. Smith, and P.J. Sullivan
Commissioners. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read. 

All claims against the City allowed per claim book no on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it

was ordered that , that part of the minutes created by the old Board relative to giving Notice of



ordinances to be passed by said Board be and the same is hereby repealed by this Board and the Clerk of
this Board is hereby given notice of this Board actions in the matter the vote on said resolution
being as follows towit:- Commissioners, Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, Edward E. Smith aye, P.J. Sullivan
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition from the tax payers and residents relative
to placing street lights on Freemont streets from seventh street on the and including Twelth street
in said City whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioners Curtis is was
ordered that this matter be referred to the commissioner of Lights and that he Obtain an
estimate of the cost of said work and report the same to the Board at its next regular meeting in
August the vote on said resolution be as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss aye, Griffith aye,
smith aye, P.J. Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins aye.

An ordinance of the city of Las Vegas concerning the numbering of Buildings in said City was then
read for the first time by the Clerk of the Board, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it
was ordered that this matter go over for the second reading of the Board.

An ordinance Requiring all persons, who, within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, buy sell
exchange, or otherwise deal in and with second-hand goods as a business to keep a register . was
read for the second time, whereupon motion by Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Smith it was ordered
that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one of said City under
ordinance No. 42. of said City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss aye, Smith , aye, Griffith, aye, P.J. Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Prohibiting Obstructions of the Streets , alleys , side-
walks and sidewalks apaces by Fences and other obstructions, and providing for the removal of the
same, was read before the Board for the second reading, whereupon motion of commissioner Griffith
and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed
as appears more fully in ordinance book No. one under ordinance No. 43 of said City, the vote
being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss No. Griffith aye, Smith, No. Sullivan aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

An ordinance amending section 4 of ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada coming on
before the Board for second reading was upon motion by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by
Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that the same be laid on the table. the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss aye, Griffith aye, Smith aye, Sullivan 

aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of enforcing ordinance No. 33, and especially section 15 and 16 of said
ordinance coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by
Commissioner Griffith and duly carried that the Clerk of this Board be and is hereby ordered and
directed to send a copy of said ordinance to all retail liquor dealers in said City and inform them

that said ordinance will be Enforced and to govern them selves accordingly.