Mr. B. Mahlon Brown, property owner in the vicinity of the proposed vacation of a
portion of Charleston Boulevard, appeared before the Board at this time. Mr. Brown
stated that he and the majority of the property owners were in favor of this vaca-
tion; he further stipulated that they were willing to enter into an assessment dis-
trict for the installation of sidewalks, street lights, curbs and gutters, and pave-
ment. Mr. Brown stated that he thought the property owners would be willing to
install the improvements on a cash basis.

Mr. Clifford Jones, representing Mrs. Pauline Cline Lewis, requested that the Commis
sion extend this vacation to include 16th Street. Mr. Jones stated that his client
would be willing to go along with the improvements set forth by Mr. Brown.

Discussion was held on this matter and Mr. Jones was informed that 16th Street could
not be included in this vacation due to the fact that the notice and petition did
not include this property.

Further discussion was held on provisions for parking facilities for eventual commer-
cial enterprises.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the vacation of 40 feet on the north and south
sides of Charleston Boulevard, from 10th to 15th Streets be approved subject to a
cash assessment district for the installation of curbs, gutters, sidewalks, street
lights and paving and provided a ten foot set back from the property line as appro-
ved by the State Highway Department be allowed; further that the following order of
vacation be adopted and order made:

0 R D E R

A Petition, dated the 12th day of November, 1952, signed by three (3) freeholders residing
in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of
a strip of land forty (40) feet in width on both sides of Charleston Boulevard between Tenth and Fif-
teenth Streets hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred
to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the premises, and said
Planning Commission having filed its report, dated January 27, 1953, with the Board recommending the
denial of said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 18th day of February,
1953, set the 25th day of March, 1953, at the hour of 8:00 o’clock P.M. at the Commissioners’ Room
of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the Northwest Comer of Fifth
and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for the
public hearing on said Petition and recommendation for denial, and ordered the City Clerk to cause
the aforesaid strip of land proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting forth the time
and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk of this
Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which notice is attached to said affi-
davit, was posted on the 20th day of February, 1953, in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the re-
commendation of denial of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in
support of and there being no opposition to said Petition and no support for the denial of said
Petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett
Peccole and Whipple, constituting all members of said Board, and all members voting in favor of said
vacation, that the strip of land proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and
convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither
the public nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of street as recorded in Book 4 of Flats, Page 6, Clark County Records, to-wit:

METES AND BOUNDS DESCRIPTION

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situated in County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the Southeast comer of Section 34, Township 20 South and Range
61 East of the Mount Diablo Base and Meridian; thence South 89° 39' 50” W.
along the center line of Charleston Boulevard as shown on Maryland Tract No.

2 (Book 4 of Flats, Page 6) a distance of 889.76 feet to a point; thence
North 0°11’05” East a distance of 50.00 feet to the true point of beginning;
thence South 89°39'50" West a distance of 338.87 feet to a point; thence
North 0°11’05” East a distance of 40.00 feet to a point, said point being
the Southwest corner of Lot 6, Block 2 of aforementioned Tract; thence North
89°39’50” East a distance of 338.87 feet to a point, said point being the
Southeast comer of Lot 10, Block 2 of aforementioned Tract; thence South
0° 11’ 05” West a distance of 40.00 feet to the true point of beginning, con-
taining 13,554.80 square feet or 0.310 Acres more or less, all of which lies
in the Southeast one quarter of aforementioned Section 34, Township 20 South
and Range 61 East.

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.