Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 23rd day of April, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and City Clerk

This meeting being called for the purpose of considering the rescinding of a motion introduced
and passed at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 17th day of April, 1940 wherein the
sealed package liquor license of the Boulder Liquor Store of Peter Pansey was suspended until such
time as the case of Peter Pansey be tired in the Municipal Court the commission at once entered into
a discussion on this matter.

City Attorney Austin informed the Board that it had within its power the suspending, revocation
 or issuance of any liquor license. That this Board might suspend the license of Mr. Pansey
until such time as the courts might decide the guilt of Mr. Pansey, if it would care to estab-
lish this policy.

It was brought to the attention of the Board the fact that this case had been referred to the
Justice Court of this Township and not to the Municipal Court as had been decided at the last
recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners. That the punishment of said offence was
under State Statutes and not City ordinance.

Mayor Russell stated to the Board that he was much in favor of punishment for persons
found guilty of the sale of liquors to miners.

Attorney Lewis and Mr. Carl Ray each spoke in favor of having the previous action of the
Board revoked due to the fact that a number of days might elapse before the decision might be
given Mr. Pansey's case in the Justice Court.

After some discussion on the matter on Motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commis-
sioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the motion of the Board on April 17th, 1940 be rescinded
 wherein the license of the Boulder Liquor Store, owned by Peter Pansey, was suspended
until the case was heard in Municipal Court and the Judge's decision rendered, and that action
be with held awaiting the action of the Justice Court.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The business being transacted for which this meeting was called said meeting adjourned.



OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1940.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of May, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert and City Attorney Austin.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting held on the 17th day of April, 1940 and a Special
Meeting held April 23rd, 1940 read approved as read.

Due the absence of Commissioner Gilbert Mayor Russell appointed Commissioner Ronnow to ap-
prove the monthly claims of that Commissioner.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Warrants Nos. 337 to 344 be allowed and that Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

A proposal from Robt Woodruff covering lease of Mermaid Pool from August 23rd, 1939 to Sept.
23rd, 1940, was presented to the Board by the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the written proposal of Robt. Woodruff be accepted, and that collection on said lease be
paid as sent forth in proposal on file in the office of the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Application of the Northern Club for what is known as Groupe Roulette was presented to the
Board for its consideration. Mr. Dave Stearns, manager of the Club appeared before the Board
and explained the operation of such a game.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a license for a "groupe roulette game" be issued to the Northern Club and the license fee
for same be as for "Keno", that is $30.00 per quarter year for the device and $1.50 per quarter
year for each chair used at same gaming table.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.