Las Vegas, Nevada
March 22, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of March, 1950 was called
to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. ff. Cragin with the following members p
|	present:. Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager C. W. Shelley and City

Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	City Attorney Howard W. Cannon.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Mr. Paul Rallie appeared before the Board at this time asking that the proposed ordinance on

Firearms	the sale of firearms submitted by the Committee for Better Government be adopted.

j	Mr. A1 Atwood, Mr. L. 0. Hawkins, Mr. William Shearer and Mr. James Down, representing the

Nevada Sportsmen Association spoke, asking that this ordinance not be adopted.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at this time.

Thereafter the Board informed these people that this proposed ordinance had been tabled on
March 7, 1950, and would not be considered.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Moore moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1114 to 1116 inclusive in the net stun

of $25,858.68 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

*	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GASOLINE DELIVERY	At this time Mr. George E. Redman of Arcadia, California appeared before the Board asking

Special Permit	permission to unload a truck of gasoline at his new service station at 9th and Fremont

Streets. Mr. Redman told the Board there had been a misunderstanding relative to his
securing a special permit to unload this gasoline since the compartments in his truck
exceed the gallonage allowed under the Fire Prevention Ordinance. This matter was re-
ferred to the City Manager.

MINUTES	Commissioner Moore moved the Minutes of February 28, March 7 .and March 13 (two meetings)

^	be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W, CRAGIN, Mayor and. to WENDELL BUNKER, ROBERT T. MOORE, WILLIAM PECCOLE,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City
of of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office, at the City Hall, 5th & Stewart, on the
13th day of March, 1950, at the hour of 5:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Appointment of City Manager

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada,,do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting:

/s/ E. W. Cragin	/s/ Wendell Bunker________________

/s/ William Peccole..................................... ,

     /s/ Robert T. Moore	.

 	/s/ Reed Whipple	....„

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 13th day of March, 1950 was
called to order at the hour of 5:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the fol-
lowing members present:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole Whipple; and City Clerk

Shirley Ballinger.

CITY MANAGER -	Commissioner Peccole moved that Chester W. Shelley be appointed as City Manager of the

Appointment	City of Las Vegas to take effect on or before March 20, 1950 at a salary to be agreed

upon by the Board and Mr. Shelley.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting adjourned.