442

Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Moore then moved that said resolution be now placed upon its final
passage. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said resolution, the
roll was called with the following result:

Those Voting Aye:	Mayor E. W. Cragin

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Robert T. Moore
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

Those Voting Nay:	None

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners present having voted in favor
thereof, said motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed and adopted.

BID NO. 49.8	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 49.8, sale of certain items	of

Sale of Machine Shop	machine shop equipment, bids were received from the following concerns:

Equipment

General Machine Shop

	Nevada Iron & Metals Ltd.

Las Vegas Machine & Engineering Works, Inc.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the Comp-
troller for tabulation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

INSTALLATION OF TRASH	Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Mr. M. M. Zenoff dated August 1,	1949	to

CANS - Request of	install trash cans on Fremont Street be deferred to the City Attorney. Further	that	this

M. M. Zenoff	request be made an order of business at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXICAB RATES	Commissioner Bunker moved that the letter of the Checker Cab Corporation dated July 30,

Checker Cab Co.	1949 be ordered filed and referred to the City Attorney. This letter was relative to

proposed taxicab rates.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried ty the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ADVERTISEMENT FOR BID Commissioner Peccole moved that the following advertisement for bids for the construction
Sewer Plant Construc- of the proposed Sewage Treatment Plant be approved setting the date for opening of these
tion 	bids on September 7, 1949 at 3:00 P.M.

ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada
will receive bids for furnishing all labor, material, transportation and services for the
construction of a Sewage Treatment Plant and Approach Outfall Embankment, located in
Clark County near Las Vega, Nevada, each bid to be in accordance with plans, specifica-
tions, and other contract documents now on file with the City Manager at the City Hall
Las Vegas, Nevada, where they may be examined and copies obtained upon deposit of
Forty Dollars ($40.00) per set, Twenty-five Dollars ($25.00) of which deposit will be
refunded upon the return of such copies in good condition within five days after the bids
are opened.

Bidders are hereby notified that pursuant to Chapter 7, Statutes of Nevada,
1935, and Chapter 139, Statutes of Nevada, 1947, not less than the specified wage rates
are to be paid.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids, a
sworn statement of their financial responsibility, technical ability and experience.

Such sworn statement may be required to furnished before award is made to any par-
ticular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the Office of the City
Manager, Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's check or
bid bond for five (5) per cent of the amount of the bid, made payable to the order of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be sealed and filed with the Board of City Com-
missioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada, on or before September 7, 1949 at 3:00
o'clock p.m. and will be opened and publicly read aloud at or about 3:15 o'clock p.m.
of that day in the Council Chamber.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the bid-
der will enter into the contract if awarded to him and will be declared forfeited if the
successful bidder refuses to enter into said contract after being requested to do so by
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves the
right to reject any or all bids or waive any informality in a bid.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of thirty (30) days after the date
set for the opening thereof.

Dated:	August 5	 Las Vegas, Nevada

S/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Bid No. 49.9