283

WHEREAS, said bonds were thereafter offered at public sale with the maximum
interest rate of three per centum per annum but no bids were received for their pur-
chase; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners is informed that said bonds cannot be sold
at par and accrued interest bearing an interest rate of not exceeding three per cent,
(which was the maximum interest rate approved by the electors) unless said bonds are
additionally secured by a pledge of the net revenues to be derived from the operation
of the municipal sewage disposal system; and

WHEREAS, Section 20, Chapter II of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas pro-
vides that the Board of Commissioners shall be vested with the power and charged with
the duty of making all laws or ordinances not inconsistent with the Constitution of the
State of Nevada, touching every object, matter and subject within the local government
instituted by the Charter and Section 31 (5) of Chapter II of said Charter empowers
the Board of Commissioners to issue bonds in such amount and forms and on such condi-
tions as the Board of Commissioners shall determine; and

WHEREAS, Section 31 (8l) of Chapter II of the Las Vegas Charter further
authorizes the Board of Commissioners to adopt and enforce by ordinance all such re-
gulations as the Board of City Commissioners may from time to time deem expedient and
necessary for the promotion and protection of health, comfort, safety, life and welfare
of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners deem it expedient to adopt by this
ordinance a schedule of rates, fees and charges for the use of the services and facil-
ities of the municipal sewage disposal system of the City of Las Vegas and to pledge
the revenues derived therefrom as additional security for the payment of the Las Vegas
Sewage Disposal Plant Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948, thereby making possible the sale of
said bonds and the improvement of the municipal sewage disposal system by the construc-
tion of a sewage disposal plant; and

WHEREAS, said Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Plant Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948
have not and will not be issued and delivered prior to the effective date of this
ordinance.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
DOES ORDAIN:

Section 1. That all action heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners
and the officers of the City of Las Vegas directed toward the improvement and exten-
sion of the municipal sewage disposal system by the construction of a sewage disposal
plant be and the same is hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 2. That the City of Las Vegas hereby covenants with the holders of
any and all of the Sewage Disposal Plant Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948, authorized to be
issued by Emergency Ordinance No. 353, adopted the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended
and supplemented, that so long as any of said bonds are outstanding, the City will
establish such rates for services rendered by or through the municipal sewage disposal
system as will create income sufficient to pay all reasonable expenses of operation
and to create a net revenue which shall be sufficient to pay the principal of and the
interest on said Sewage Disposal Plant Bonds, Series of May 1, 1948 and to maintain
such rates continuously until the bonds authorized by said ordinance as amended and
supplemented have been fully paid and discharged.

Section 3. The following schedule of rates for service rendered by or
through said system is hereby established:

SEWER RATES (Monthly)

SCHEDULE A:	One-family residence one dollar ($1.00) per month.

SCHEDULE B:	Two-family residence one dollar and forty cents ($1.40) per

month.

SCHEDULE C:	(Motels) up to and including four (4) units eighty cents

($.80) each unit, all units over four (4) and up to and including seven (7) units,
twenty-five ($.25) each additional unit, all units over seven (7), fifteen cents
($.15) each additional unit.

SCHEDULE D:	Multiple Dwellings, up to and including four (4) units,

seventy cents ($.70) each unit per month. All units over four (4) and up to and
including seven (7) units twenty cents ($.20) each additional unit; all units over
seven ten cents ($.10) each additional unit.

SCHEDULE E:	For commercial and industrial businesses, the monthly charge

to be paid by these users of the sewer service furnished by the Municipal Sewer System
shall be as follows:

(a)	For the first two fixtures a monthly charge of One Dollar ($1.00) per

month.

(b)	For all fixtures over two, up to and including twelve additional fix-
tures a charge of ten cents each ($.10) for each additional fixture per month.

(c)	For all fixtures over twelve (12), there shall be an additional charge
of three cents ($.03) for each additional fixture per month.