NEVADA HIGHWAY 66	Commissioner Fountain moved the participation in the Nevada Highway 66 Directory

DIRECTORY	with the County and the Fair and Recreation Board be approved in the amount of

$333.33; subject to the condition that the proof be submitted prior to printing.

Participation Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting are; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

PRISONER RELEASE	Commissioner Sharp moved that Prisoner John J. McLeod be released and the Mayor

John J. McLeod	authorized to sign the necessary papers.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

HYDRANT INSTALLATION          City Manager Kennedy requested approval for the installation of six standard fire
Boulder Addition	hydrants to be installed by the Las Vegas Valley Water District in conjunction with

Water District Pipe	their pipe line replacements in the Boulder Addition lying south of Charleston

Line Expansion	Boulevard. Acting Fire Chief, C. D. Williams, had advised that these installations

would not exceed $150.00 each plus the cost of the hydrant, compared to a cost of
Approved	from $300.00 to $500.00 per installation on existing lines.

Commissioner Whipple moved the installation of six standard fire hydrants to be
installed by the Las Vegas Valley Water District be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

TENT REVIVAL SERVICES                 The Reverend James Washington was present and asked the Commission for an extension

of time in regard to tent revival services he had been holding at the corner of "N"
Extension Denied	and Van Buren Streets.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission the Reverend was first granted permission
to hold services at this location from March 17, 1959, for a period of 60 days and
was granted an additional 60 days (to July 17,1959). Mr. Kennedy added that there
had been numerous complaints received by the City in regard to these services.

Commissioner Whipple moved that these services should be discontinued after the 
meetings on Sunday, August 16, 1959, and the tent should be removed on Monday, August 17,
1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

SEWER CHARGES OUTSIDE	City Manager Kennedy reported that the suggested hook-up fees and sewer charges for

OF CITY	sewer facilities furnished by the City were $250.00 for a single unit, $435.50 for

duplex, and $562.50 for triplex plus $100.00 for each additional unit in excess of
three; the service charges would be half again the charge presently being made to
the property owners within the City.

These fees are to be collected from any present users and would apply to future
applications for such service; said applications to be brought before the City 
Commission for approval.

-oOo-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 12:15 a.m.
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, CITY CLERK	ORAN K. GRAGSON, MAYOR

Las Vegas, Nevada

MINUTES	August 19, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 19th day of August, 1959, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 p.m.,
with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson	Acting City Manager	Robert D. Heath

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain	City Attorney	Calvin Cory

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp	Deputy Planning Director              Donald J. Saylor

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

City Clerk	Marjorie Holtschlag

Absent:	Commissioner	William H. Elwell

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

8-5-59 and 8-19-59