OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 8th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of October 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett,	Marble,

and Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German by leave.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application of Jack Weisberger for five slot machine licenses be granted. Application
being in proper form and money on hand to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a family liquor store license be granted to Eli Nickerson, and a retail beverage license
be granted to W.H. Garrett. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to
cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

At this time the business of again licensing "Keno" in the City was brought before the
Board for consideration, as it had been called to the attention of the Board that the County of
Clark had issued a license for the operation of a Keno game in North Las Vegas, and that it was
seriously effecting the business of the City of Las Vegas.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter it was moved on motion of Commissioner Arnett
and seconded by Commissioner Marble that the City of Las Vegas again license "Keno" in the said
City, and that the license for same be $15.00 per calendar quarter as same is set forth in City
Ordinance No. 165, and that for each and every chair used in said "Keno" game that there be also
paid the City the sum of $1.50 per chair.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Commissioner Down not voting. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the Las Vegas Club and the Apache Club each be granted a "Keno" license. Application being
proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Mr. J.W. Byrnes, appeared before the Hoard at this time and ask that the license issued the
Northern Club be revoked on the grounds that winnings made by the said W.J. Byrnes had not been
paid. A number of witnesses were presented to the Board both in verifying the non-payment of the
winnings and the reason same should not be paid.

After some discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett,

RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas advise the Northern Club, operated
by Dave Stearns and Elmer Sorber, in the City of Las Vegas, that on the account of its failure
to pay losses they are required to show cause for such action on or before Monday the 15th day
of October, to said license would be revoked.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 15th day of October. 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 15th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of October, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners, Arnett, Down and Marble, Mayor Cragin,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Commissioner German absent by leave.

At this time the City continued the hearing of the complaint of W.J. Byrnes against the
Northern Club, and the owners of said Club appeared before the Board to show cause of the losses
not being paid.

The following were called as witnesses each being sworn in by the Clerk; P.K. Skelley,

Nash McCleery, Bert, Gardner, Glenn Frazier, Louis Miller, Fred Brickie, C.W.Westly, W.J. Jolin
and Nr. La Vere.

After hearing this evidence and both sides asking for time to secure evidence and affi-
davits the time was extended by the Board to Monday Oct. 22nd, 1934 at the hour 7 P.M.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that the
application for license to operate a family liquor store by C.B. Singleton be denied on the grounds
that the School Board of the City of Las Vegas recommended the denial of such license on the
grounds that the building housing same is too near school and said place of business is often
frequented by children of school age.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Commissioner Down voting no.