Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hoddens, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold, that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commissioners Hodgens
Arnold, Blinding, and Mayer Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license (4 games)
at the Vegas Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos.

R.	Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by
Commissioner Blanding that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Skinner and Pirtle for a gaming license
( 2 games) at the Overland Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Com-
missioner Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, 

seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commis-
sioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargraves for a gaming license ( 3

games) at the Big Four the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon, it
was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold, that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold,

Blanding, and, Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Thos. Gibbons for a gaming license (2 games)
at the Exchange, the same having theretofore been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens,
whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Blanding that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 99 of the City
of Las Vegas. Nevada, entitled " An Ordinance to prohibit spitting upon public sidewalks and in
other public places in the City of Las Vegas", which was adopted on motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Blanding, and passed upon the following vote: (Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye . Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to write to the Park Commission requesting them to change the



park fence at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets so as to permit drivers of approaching vehicles an
unobstructed view, thus lessening the possibility of future accidents. This action was taken
upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded By Commissioner Blanding, and passed on the
following vote. Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time C.C. Boyer appeared before the Board regarding the securing of Federal Aid for
the improvement and construction of a Federal Aid Highway through the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
and after due discussion Commissioner Blanding presented the following Resolution:

WHEREAS under an act of the Congress of the United States approved Nov. 9, 1921
,"An Act to amend the Act entitled "An Act to provide that the United
States shall aid the States in the construction of rural post roads, and
for other proposes," approved July 11, 1916, as amended and supplemented,
and for other purposes, it is provided among other matters and things that
Federal Aid in the construction of Highways may be extended to municipal-
ities having a population of less than two thousand five hundred as shown
by the last available census," and

WHEREAS it is farther provided that the construction, reconstruction and main-
tenance of the highways or parts of highways under the provisions of said act,
and all contracts, plans, specifications and estimates relating thereto shall
be undertaken by the State Highway Departments subject to the approval of
the Secretary of Agriculture, and that all funds raised under the authority
of the State or any political or other subdivision thereof, shall be made
available for expenditure under the direct control of the State Highway 
Department, and	

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas desires to avail itself of the benefits of said
Act and to that end to co-operate with the Federal Government, through
the Department of Highways, in the building ,construction and main-
tenance of a paved or gravel surface highway along the route of the
said highway through the City of Las Vegas, as now established and
located or hereafter to be located.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, that the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada be
requested to take such initial steps as may be necessary to carry the
foregoing resolution into effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that in accordance with Assembly Bill No. 78, approved
March 5th, 1923, authorizing the City Commissioners of the City of