OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 27th day of July 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German, City
Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

Minutes of the meetings of June 24th, and 29th, July 6th, and 13th read and
approved as read.

A communication from Christian Lilya was read to the Board asking that the Building
Code be revised so as to allow the use of Gysite Adobe Blocks our side the fire zone of the
City of Las Vegas.

The City Clerk was directed by Commissioner Mundy to inform Mr. Lilya that he must
have a test made at his own expense as to the durability of the above mentioned blocks, before
the Board would take any action on the matter.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 4th day of August 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officer showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy
and Thomas, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of July 21st and 27th read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk

Reports of Municipal Judge, and City Clerk Approved.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed to act as Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner due to
the absence of Commissioner Hansell.

Monies received for the month of July as follows:

$3,987.00 Municipal Court Fines

4.371.00	City Licenses, and Fees.

8,358.90	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$5,000.00 Police and Fire Fund. 

2,944.40	General Fund.

200.00	Cemetery Fund.

214.50	W.S.& L. Fund.

8,358.90 Total.

An application of W.D. Wheaton for license to operate one slot machine at the Gateway
Hotel was presented to the Board. Said application being in proper form, and the money cover-
ing same being on file with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the license be granted to W.D. Wheaton, and the Clerk directed to issue the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Mundy, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A copy of a Resolution passed by the Central Labor Union of Las Vegas endorsing a
Sunday closing law was read to the Board.

A letter from the Las Vegas Funeral Home asking the City of Las Vegas to help cover
the expense of the ambulance calls was read to the Board.

No action was taken at this time the Board waiting the action of the Board of County
Commissioners.

A letter from the Rev. H.C. Barnwell, Gertie Barnwell, and Carmel Barnwell was read
to the Board asking for permission to hold religious services on the streets in the City of
Las Vegas, and solicit food and clothing. The Clerk was directed to write the above mentioned
parties, and ask that they secure a vacant lot for the holding of their services so as not to
cause congestion on the sidewalks in the downtown district.