sheet with its invoice to the custodian of the official records of Las Vegas, Nevada or
itemize the property so acquired on the invoice to be sent to said custodian."

I,	Robert F. Boos, hereby certify that I am the custodian of the official records
of the City of Las Vegas Board of City Commissioners; that the foregoing resolution is a
true and correct copy of a resolution adopted by a majority of the members thereof present at
a meeting of said	regularly called on the 3rd day of December of 1958, at which a quorum

was present; and that A. H. Kennedy is duly appointed and acting Civil Defense Director of
said organization.

Dated this 8th day of December, 1958.

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS, Acting City Clerk

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it is provided in the Ordinance creating and regulating the Municipal
Civil Defense organization and operations of the City of Las Vegas adopted on November 19,

1958, that the organizational structure of the City of Las Vegas Civil Defense organization
shall be prescribed by resolution.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

SECTION 1. In addition to the Director of the Office of Civil Defense provided
for in the ordinance creating and regulating the Municipal Civil Defense Organization and
operations of the City of Las Vegas who shall serve as the head of the operating civil defense
organization, the following divisions:

1.	Fire Service

2.	Law Enforcement Service

3.	Engineering Service

4.	Communications Service

5.	Administration and Personnel Service

6.	Legal Division

SECTION 2. Director of Civil Defense shall appoint a chief of each of the above
enumerated services except that the Chief of the Fire Department shall be Chief of the Fire
Service; the Chief of Police shall be the Chief of the Law Enforcement Service; the Director
of Public Works shall be the Chief of the Engineering Service; and the City Attorney shall
be the Chief of the Legal Division.

The duties of various divisions shall be as prescribed by the Director.

The plans shall be coordinated with other services as well as higher civil defense
authorities, organizations, and services, the American Red Cross, and other public organizations 
concerned.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of December, 1958.

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS	/s/ C. D. BAKER___________________

Acting City Clerk	Mayor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	City Manager Kennedy presented	the	claim of James	Schlesinger in	regard	to	a	coat	torn	on

James Schlesinger	a City refuse container at 2nd	and	Fremont Street	on October 31,	1958.

Denied	Commissioner Bunker moved that	the	Claim of James	Schlesinger in	regard	to	a	coat	torn	on

a City Refuse Container at 2nd	and	Fremont Street	on October 31,	1958, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	City Manager Kennedy presented	the claim of the First Southern Baptist Church that City

First Southern Baptist                  Equipment damaged the sidewalk	at 6th Street and St. Louis when running	over same	on or

Church	about September 29, or September 30, 1958.

Denied	Commissioner Bunker moved the Claim of the First Southern Baptist Church that City Equipment

damaged the sidewalk at 6th Street and St. Louis when running over same on or about September
29, or September 30, 1958, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	City Manager Kennedy presented	the claim of Joseph E. Swessel that City	equipment	splattered

Joseph E. Swessel	redwood fence with oil at 2408	Isabelle sometime in October, 1958.

Property

Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Joseph E. Swessel that City equipment splattered redwood
Denied	fence with oil at 2408 Isabella sometime in October, 1958, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIETY CLUB OF	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Variety Club to amend the lease they presently

LAS VEGAS	 have with the City for the Day Nursery School on the Westside so they can continue their

building. It is their desire to extend the property to the West and abandon an equal amount
Modification of Lease	to the North of their property as shown on a plat plan.

Approved

12-3-58