WHEREAS, Fir Avenue in the Charleston Heights Subdivisions is in fact intended as a
prolongation of Alta Drive in Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 60 East, M.D.B.& M., and has
been for the most part located approximately 100 feet south of the Section center line; and

WHEREAS, the Charleston Heights area has been developing rapidly and the only adequate
access to said area is by means of Evergreen Avenue which makes a connection with Decatur
Boulevard, and it is necessary to provide suitable additional access to this rapidly expanding
area from Decatur Boulevard; and

WHEREAS, because of the necessity of designing Alta Drive North of the center section
line, East of Decatur Boulevard, and the fact that Fir Avenue runs for the most part south of
the center section line west of Decatur Boulevard, a workable design for the intersection of
Fir Avenue with Decatur Boulevard necessitates the acquisition of private property for a short
distance in the SE¼, NE¼, Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 60 East, M.D.B.& M.; and

WHEREAS, the acquisition of such property will result in a logical continuation of a
Secondary Major Highway and will provide for a right angle intersection of Fir Avenue and
Decatur Boulevard; and

WHEREAS, the property needed to be acquired for right-of-way purposes is owned by
Gladys C. Harris of 425 East Ocean Boulevard, Long Beach, California, who is unwilling to 
dedicate the necessary area to the City of Las Vegas for such purposes.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of November, 1958 that it is necessary to
acquire the hereinafter described property for street and highway purposes in order to carry
forward the Master Plan of Streets and Highways of the City of Las Vegas, and in order to
provide a suitable intersection of Fir Avenue and Decatur Boulevard.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Attorney be and he is hereby instructed to 
secure the needed area by right of eminent domain if the property owner will not deed such
property to the City for street and highway purposes.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the area necessary to be acquired pursuant to this 
Resolution is described as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the Southeast One-Quarter
(SE¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 36, Township 20 South, Range
60 East, M.D.B.& M., and being more particularly described as follows; to-wit:

Commencing at the East one-quarter (E¼) corner of Section 36, Township 20 South,

Range 60 East; thence South 89°31'54" West along the East/West center one-quarter
	(¼) line a distance of 40 feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING; thence continuing

South 89°31'54" West along said center one-quarter (¼) line a distance of 480.10
	feet; thence North 52°59'37" East a distance of 22.15 feet; thence along a curve

to the right tangent to the last described course having a radius of 340 feet,
subtending a central angle 36°32'17" an arc length of 216.82 feet; thence North
89°31'54" East a distance of 165.19 feet; thence along a curve to the left tangent
to the last described course, having a radius of 25 feet, subtending a central angle
of 89°50'05" an arc length of 39.20 feet; thence North 89°41'49" East a distance of
70 feet to a point on the West right of way line of Decatur Boulevard; thence South
0°18'11" East along said Westerly right of way line a distance of 104.74 feet to the
TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING, containing .796 acres more or less.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of November, 1958.

ATTEST:	/s/ REED WHIPPLE____________

Mayor Pro Tem

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS_________________

Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

MARDI GRAS HOTEL	City Manager Kennedy presented a request that the Mardi Gras Hotel be declared a nuisance by

the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners and the City Attorney be instructed to draw up the
Abatement	necessary papers to order its abatement.

As a Nuisance

Mr. Kennedy further stated that this is where the little boy fell through some time ago and
that it is an attraction to children and a nuisance in that transients hang out there. It
should be declared a nuisance because of lack of maintenance and perhaps this action will get
the owner to take some notice of it.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple said that he believed this property was in the hands of receivership
and suggested contacting Milton Keefer representing the P & H Enterprises to clarify the
ownership.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mardi Gras Hotel be declared a nuisance and the City
Attorney be instructed to draw up the necessary papers to order its abatement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commission's

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

SICK LEAVE EXTENSION	City Manager Kennedy presented a request from Acting Fire Chief Williams for an extension of

Capt. Albert Frouboes	sick leave for Capt. Albert Frouboes in view of the fact that during his 16 years on the Fire

Department he has never abused his sick leave privileges. Inasmuch as sick leave under the
Approved	Civil Service Rules and Regulations is cumulative only for a period of 30 days for each year, the

extension can be granted only by the Board of Commissioners.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request for extension of sick leave for Capt. Albert
Frouboes for an additional 30 days be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

11-5-58		____________ _________