116

b.	That the petitioner assist in the acquisition
of additional right of way on Stewart Street
between Bruce Street and a point lying between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth Streets in order that
the same may be open to a uniform width of
eighty (80) ft. in accordance with recommendations
of the Planning Commission concerning Streets

 and Highways, Feb. 24, 1943, Item 2.)

c.	That said Vacation not become final until the
above requirements have been completed to the
satisfaction of the City of Las Vegas.

The details of this matter have been discussed and considered with

Mr. C. L. Martin who initiated this request, and the same are	

agreeable to him.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS—CLARK COUNTY

JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

C. G. Petrie

Planning Engineer	

CGP:ms

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

ALOYISIUS MCDONALD	Commissioner Moore moved that the city attorney be instructed to

Restraining Order	draw up a restraining order against Aloyisius McDonald for violation

	of the Building Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

TYPICAL SECTION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Board accept the recommendation

Meadows, Boulder	of the Joint Planning Commission for a typical section of streets in

Addition	the Meadows and Boulder Addition as per the following letter:

	OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

August 6

19 4 7

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
City Hall
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Streets and Highways

Meadows and Boulder Additions
Typical Street Section

Gentlemen:

In accordance with the request of the City Manager concerning the
above mentioned subject, please be advised that the Joint Planning
Commission has considered same at their regular meeting July 30,

1947, and makes the following recommendations in connection therewith.

The typical street section recommended for all rights of way eighty
(80) ft. in width is thirty-six (36) ft. of pavement, curb to curb, as
per our recommendation dated January 21, 1947. This section shall
apply to all local streets only, which eliminates such streets as South
Main and San Francisco which streets are designated in the major street
Plan for wider roadway sections. South Main Street is at present
being considered by the State Highway Department for widening.

Although San Francisco Street could be improved with this proposed
section, no definite plans exist nor does traffic volume warrant opening
to a greater width at this time.

The existing rights of way on East-West streets in the Meadows
Addition are fifty-(50) ft. in width. While it has been customary
to install pavement widths of twenty-four (24) ft. on fifty (50)
ft. of right of way as has been the case in some of the subdivisions	

designed by FHA, this Commission has always felt that such roadway is
neither efficient nor functional. Therefore, it is recommended that
a typical section of thirty-two (32) ft. in width, curb to curb, be
established for a fifty (50) ft. from the property line. A sketch
delineating this typical section is attached. This particular
recommendation is in accordance with that made in connection with
improvements of streets in the tentative subdivision (Scherer
Industrial Tract) adjacent to the West Boundary of the Meadows Addition.

It is called to your attention that the eighty (80) ft. right of
way in the Meadows Addition known as Fairfield Ave. is reduced to
fifty (50) ft. in width at the circular plaza in the center portion
of this tract. The thirty-six (36) ft. pavement on this section
should adjoin this central plaza since a curb section is already in-
stalled and which curb could be one of the roadway curbs. The location
of the roadway in this manner would leave approximately 12-14 ft. of parkway
on the outside of this right of way adjoining private property. In
addition to these recommendations, some thought should be given to the
elimination of the semi-circular plazas at the North and South ends
of Fairchild Avenue. This could be accomplished by adjustment of
rights of ways in these areas.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS -- CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION
C. G. Petrie, Planning Engineer