CLARK COUNTY SCHOOL DISTRICT
Cooperative Agreement
Joint Use of Facilities

(See Page 216)

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into this 17th day of September, 1958, by and
between the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, through its duly elected Mayor and Board of Commissioners,
hereinafter referred to as "CITY" and the Clark County School District, by and through
its duly elected Board of Education, hereinafter called "DISTRICT".

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the parties hereto are the owners of various properties throughout
the City of Las vegas, and

WHEREAS, the City is desirous of providing parks and playgrounds for the use of
the general public, and

WHEREAS, the District is likewise required to provide parks and playgrounds in
connection with the operation of its schools, and

WHEREAS, it is deemed mutually beneficial to the parties to enter into a joint
agreement for the acquisition, preparation, maintenance and use of facilities for park
and recreational purposes, and

WHEREAS, the parties desire to set forth by this agreement a policy in connection 
with such acquisition and use,

NOW, THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed as follows:

1.	The District shall permit the City to use the District's recreational
facilities and/or joint purpose buildings in connection with the youth and recreation
program of the City, provided that such use shall not interfere with the regularly
scheduled school use required by the District.

2.	The City shall permit the District to use the City's park and recreational
facilities during school hours and for other specially scheduled events when the use

of such facilities is not required by the City.

3.	Each party hereto shall retain the responsibility and duty for the regular
maintenance of its own premises.

4.	The using agency shall provide the necessary policing, officiating, 
supervision and care of the facilities being used by such agency and shall leave the facilities
in a clean and orderly condition at the completion of such use.

5.	The respective parties to this agreement owning the facility involved
shall make the required improvements and construction thereon at its own expense in
accordance with the primary use of such property.

6. The City shall not be required to maintain or construct facilities on any
area enclosed by the District in connection with its school facilities and to which the
general public does not have access.

7. In the event offsite improvements and/or access roads shall be required for
the use of facilities furnished by either party and such improvements and/or access roads
shall be of mutual benefit to properties owned by each of the parties hereto, then it is
declared as a policy that the District shall enter into an agreement for contribution of
the cost of such improvements and/or access roads adjacent to the property owned by the
District.

8. Established Rules and Regulations of the owning agency shall be observed and
enforced by the using agency.

9. The parties hereto shall form time to time, by and through the City Manager
for "CITY" and the Superintendent of Schools for "DISTRICT", establish joint rules and
regulations consistent with the policies expressed herein and said officials shall carry
out the provisions hereof.