Mr. George Wood of Pasadena, California was present and presented to the Board various
new forms to be used in the new bookkeeping system to be installed in the various departments
of the City. M A.W. Blackman City auditor was present also and discussed with the Board the
various phases of the system.

Commissioner Ronnow informed the Board that the Nevada Tax Commission still saw fit to
refuse to accept the City budget for the year 1938 as same had been filed with the Commission
in March of this year. Their particular objection being to the fact that the City had requested
the sum of $30,000.00 for its general Fund for the present year and had only expended the sum of
$5.00 from said General Fund in 1937. Upon this report it was decided that the City adopt an
amended budget based on the $1.50 rate and forward same to the Nevada Tax Commission.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and
carried that A.W.Blackman City Auditor prepare a form of budget and present same to the Board
for its consideration at a meeting to be held on the 19th day of September, 1938 at the hour of
ten o'clock A.M. and that said budget be made on the rate of $1.50.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that all demands presented to the Board at this time be allowed. Said demands being Nos. 1 to
6 inclusive.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Corradetti, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 19th day of September, 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 19, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th, day of September 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Corradetti, Krause and Ronnow,
and His Honor the Mayor H. P. Marble. City Attorney, Austin and Deputy City Clerk L. Whipple.

Absent: Commissioner, H. Luce.

A claim from the Fire Department in the amount of $100.00 was presented to the board
for their consideration and payment, Said claim was to reimburse the department on monies
they had spent for a cooling unit which was installed in the Firemen's Club. It was explained
that under the provisions existing that this could not be done, and upon motion by Commissioner
Ronnow, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was voted to extend this amount to the fire department
and charge same to their minimum monthly drawing account for the month's of September, October,
November and December 1938 at the rate of $25.00 Per Month. Vote being Commissioners, Corradetti,
Krause, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None Absent Commissioner, Luce.

A requisition # 4559 from the street superintendent was presented to the board for the
purpose of ordering certain parts for the Street Sweeper it being explained that the amount
desired would exceed the $25.00 limit on purchases under the bid regulation. Also the parti
needed could only be purchased from the house from which the sweeper was purchased, Thereupon
by motion of Commissioner Krause, seconded by commissioner Corradetti permission was granted
to the Street department to make such purchases thru the purchasing department not to exceed
the amount of $60.00 Vote being, Commissioners, Corradetti, Krause and Ronnow, and His. Honor
The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None. Absent Commissioner Luce.



John Cahlan representing the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before The Board at this time
with a request from his organization to ask the City to donate from the publicity fund the
sum of $20.00 as an advertisement which in turn would assist the Junior Chamber of Commerce
in sponsoring the football game between the University of Nevada and The University of Arizona
on the 30th, of September. He also asked permission from the Council to permit the Junior
Chamber of Commerce to put on a rally and bond fire the day and evening proceeding the game.
Commissioner Ronnow explained that at the present time the publicity fund was not in any shape to help
in this capacity, that the board was with the Junior Chamber, in every way and would do all
that they could in any other way, but at this time were unable to do anything in the way of
helping to finance the proposed game.	However it was agreed by the board to grant permission

to stage the rally and bonfire, with the promise that the police and fire department would be
notified by the Junior Chamber so that they in turn could render the necessary protection and
service should occasion arise for such.

At this time the Board considered the adoption of the Amended Budget for the City of Las
Vegas for the year 1938, as prepared by City Auditor A.W. Blackman. and upon motion of Commissioner 

Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the City adopt
the amended Budget in the following form.

AMENDED CITY BUDGET

Budget of the City of Las Vegas, 1938

Information Required:

Assessed Valuation -	Actual	Estimated

1937	1938

Real Estate and Improvements................... $4,724.723	$4,725.000