OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JUNE 15, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 15th, day of June, 1937 at the hour of Three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor L.L. Arnett, Commissioners, H.L.

Krause, H.P. Marble, Joe S. Ronnow Deputy City Attorney Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy
City Clerk Le Roy Whipple

Absent: Commissioner H.L. Perry, City Attorney H. Austin and City Clerk Viola Burns-

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was
moved that W. R. Van Eaton be granted to operate one slot machine at 631 So. 4th, Street,
in the Colonial Grocery. Vote being, Krause, Marble, Ronnow & His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye, Noes None - Absent Commissioner Perry..

Mr. P. W. Madsen, local Recreational Superintendent appeared before the board
and submitted a plan to purchase the lease and equipment of the Mermaid Swimming Pool at 113 No
5th, street and convert same into a municipal swimming pool. The lease could be pur-
chased for the sum of $3000.00 with a down payment of $500.00 the balance to be paid at
 the rate of $100.00 per month. The City was asked to get back of this movement and
aid with the down payment of $500.00. It being the idea of the recreational board that
seasonal tickets of $10.00 could be sold in sufficient amounts to return the downpayment
of $500.00 to the City. Upon motion of Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner
Ronnow, it was moved that the recreation head proceed with such a move, providing the
additional 5 year lease and option to buy can be secured. Vote on same being, Commissioners 

Krause, Marble, and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes none
absent - Commissioner Perry.

At this time a letter from Paul W. Madsen, Secretary Pro Tem of the local recreational
association under date of June 14th, 1937 was read, wherein the names of Mrs. Leo McNamee,
Miss. Maude Frazer, Mr. Bryan L. Bunker and Mr. A. W. Blackman were submitted for
appointment on the Recreation Board of the City. Commissioner Marble Made motion and
moved that such names be accepted as such to act on this board, and was seconded by com-
missioner Krause , the vote being, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor
the Mayor Voting Aye., Noe's none. - Absent Commissioner Perry.

A contract to purchase one Caterpillar Tractor Grader No. 7G1118TSP from James
Cashman for the sum of $4,773.00 was next introduced, after discussion, motion was made
by Commissioner Krause to authorize the Mayor and City Clerk to negotiate and sign such
contract, and to make down payment on such contract in the amount of $1,000.00 the

balance to be paid in monthly installments of $157.20 with interest at 6% over a period
of 24 months, and to grant the City permission to pay any, or all balance due at any time
before the expiration of the 24 months, should the City see fit to do so. Such motion was
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow and Vote being Commissioners, Krause, Marble, and Ronnow
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes none, Absent Commissioner Perry. -

At this time the Mayor recommended that all city bills be published each month in
some local news paper, providing it can be done reasonably, or if in the opinion of the
board it appeared too expensive to have such bills posted in some public place for the
inspection of the public at any time. Such recommendation was left with the board for
their consideration.

Minutes of all meetings regular and recessed and special meetings from May 20, 1937
to June 7th, 1937 Inclusive were read and approved.

There being no further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed and adjourned until Wednesday the 23rd, day of June 1937 at the hour of three
o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 23rd, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 23rd day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause, Perry, City Clerk and Deputy City
Attorney Taylor.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Ronnow, and City Attorney Austin.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause the following Order
was adopted:		

This being the time set to hear protests upon the Supplemental Improvement District No.

3,	and there being protests of loss than one half of the owners of the frontage to be assessed,
in writing to such improvement, namely protests upon 450 feet frontage only and good cause
appearing that the City should proceed with the said improvements it is:

Ordered that such improvement and work be done.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.