

SUPPLEMENTAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that the supplemental agreement between

AGREEMENT --	the city of Las Vegas and Herbert F. Pracejus relative to the con-

Herbert F. Pracejus	cessions at the Wildcat Lair, Jefferson Community Center	and Swimming

	Pool be approved and the	Mayor and City Clerk authorized	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE	Mayor Cargin read the letter from the Clark County Humane Society

SOCIETY	relative to their withdrawal from humane activities in the City of

	Las Vegas dated July 25, 1948. Said letter was ordered filed.

L. W. GIBBS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the letter of Lauren W. Gibbs dated

July 30, 1948 relative to the sale of Sewage Disposal Bond Issue
	be referred to the City Manager for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

EL MOROCCO LICENSE	Commissioner Moore moved	that the gaming license granted	to John Powell,

Refunded	El Morocco Club, 1332 E.	Street be refunded by reason of	fact that

	these premises have been	abated by Court action for one	year. Said

refund is made as per the opinion of the Attorney General's office dated
July 13, 1948.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

TURF SALOON —	Commissioner Moore moved that in connection with the retail tavern liquor

Revocation of Liquor	license issued to Edward G. Glass, said application having been approved

and Gaming Licenses	April 22, 1948, and the application of Andrew J. Finlay for the

operation of six slot machines grated June 30, 1948, aforementioned lic-
enses to be used at the Turf Saloon, 203 North 1st Street; that upon
	investigation by the Police Department acting upon the order of the Board

of Commissioners it was found that said licensees had misrepresented
themselves to the Board of Commissioners therefore, said licenses are
revoked as of this date and the City Manager is instructed to notify
the Police department to enforce such action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

RECREATION BOARD	At this time Mayor Cragin read a letter from Louis A. Anton, Recreation

Dissolved	Director concerning the action of the Recreation Hoard at their regular

meeting held August 3, 1948 relative to the dissolution of said Board
and the return of the functioning of the Recreation Department under
	the direction of the City Manager.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that Resolution No. 102 which provides
for the setting up of an advisory Recreation Board be revoked and the
direction of said Recreation Department be returned to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be instructed to write a letter
to Mr. A. E. Cahlan, former Chairman for the aforementioned Recreation Hoard
thanking said Board for the time they have devoted and commending them
on their cooperation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye, noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the right of ways on Bruce Street, Bonanza

R/W	Road, and Euclid Avenue as per the letter of the Planning Commission dated

Bonanza Rd., Bruce St. August 5, 1948 be established at 80 feet and that all future buildings be
Euclid Avenue	set back to conform with this. Further that the recommendations of the

Planning Commission included in the aforementioned letter be accepted.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ORDINANCE NO. 356	At this time Ordinance No. 356 concerning the adoption by reference of the

2nd Reading	Fire Underwriters Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance 1947 Edition, was

read to the Board for a second time.



Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing Ordinance be
adopted on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ORDINANCE NO. 358	At this time Ordinance No. 358 relative to the establishment of taxicab

2nd Reading	stands was read to the Board for a second time.

	Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing ordinance be

adopted on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote: