OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNT, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 11th, 1931.



Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith: it was moved
and carried that the contract for the erection of an addition to the City Library, to be
used as an office for the City Clerk be let to Sam J. Shaw Jr. for the sum of $2,175.00,
and the the form of contract presented to the Board of Commissioners by the City Attorney
be accepted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, German and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioners Hansell it was
moved and carried that the City of Las Vegas enter into a contract with Sam J. Shaw Jr.
for the erection of the above mentioned addition and that the contract be signed by the
Mayor J.F. Hesse, and attest by the City Clerk under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, and
that the Board of Commissioners approve the bond of said Sam J. Shaw Jr. for the sum of
Two Thousand Dollars. That the City Building Inspector Paul Hosman shall act as inspector
for the City of Las Vegas under this contract.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas Hansell German and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time a committee from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce meet with the
Board of Commissioners in regards to the financing of the proposed sewer system and dis-
posal plant. The Committee from the Chamber of Commerce was composed of A.W. Ham, A.E.

Cahlan and R. L. Adamson. S.R. Whitehead, former Clark County Recorder and F.C. Devinney
Clark County Assessor meet with the Board at this time in regards to the City portion of
income from taxes.

No decision was reached at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 18th day of February at the hour of ten o'clock P.M. to meet in a joint
session with the Public School Board, and the Board of County Commissioners in regards to
the budgets for the coming year.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 11th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Meeting at the hour of ten o'clock was postponed until the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 18th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of February 1931 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

This meeting was held jointly with the Clark County Board of Commissioners and the
School Board of the City of Las Vegas to go over the budget appropriations for the respective
Boards for the coming year.

No definite action was taken at this time.

The meeting recessed until Thursday the 19th day of February 1931 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M.