Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that L. B. HANSELL has received a plurality of
all votes cast for the office of City Commissioner of the Fourth Class, it was THEREFORE
RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that the said

L.	B. Hansell be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner of the
Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further	

RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to the said L. B. Hansell. Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners O. J. Smith
W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes,
none.	

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that VIOLA BURNS has received a plurality of
all votes cast for the office of City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, it was THEREFORE
RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that the said
Viola Burns be and she is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and be it further RESOLVED that the city clerk
be and he is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said Viola Burns.
Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy
Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

W. E. Ferron, President of the City Planing Commission of the City of Las Vegas
appeared before the Board and presented plans, maps and specifications for ornamental
lighting of certain streets in the City of Las Vegas; said plans, maps and specifications
were ordered filed by the City Clerk.

Thereafter, no further business appearing before the Board, a recess was declared
until May 15th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF T*HE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	

May 15th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 15th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: MAYOR Pro tem W. B. Mundy, Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German; also
City Attorney, Engineer for the City and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Pro tem.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the City
in charge of construction of pavement and curb street improvements was directed to notify
Las Vegas Land and Water Company to lower or alter their pipe lines wherever necessary to
set such pipe lines below the grade used for such pavements and curbs.

No further business appearing, a recess was declared until Friday the 17th day of
May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.