OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 9th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 9th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of January 2nd, 3rd, 6th and 7th read and approved as read.

Mr. O.K. Adcock President of the Board of Education and Mr. E. A. Cahlan of the Board
of Education appeared before the Board of Commissioners in regards to the sewer for the new
high school plant. Thereupon the members of the two Boards entered into a general discussion
as to the ways of giving the high school access to the City Sewer. The sewer from the high
school may tie into the City Sewer at 7th and Fremont Sts;

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas and seconded by Commission-
er Smith, That a warrant be drawn on the Police and Fire Fund for the amount of $75.00 made
payable to Harold Case, same to pay his expenses to Los Angeles to receive instructions in
regards to the new LaFranc Fire Truck which will be delivered to the City of Las Vegas About
Jan. 15th, 1930.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith and German,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk was instructed to write Koebig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers, incharge for
the proposed new Sewer system, and disposal plant for the City of Las Vegas to send out a set
of completed plans including laterals for the acceptance of the Board, and to inform them that
when said plans had been accepted that the final payment would be made to them, in the amount
of $1,000.00.

A letter from the Las Vegas Gas Company, Ltd; asking that they be granted a ninety day
extension of time in regards to the franchise granted them. Said Franchise was revoked by the
Board of City Commissioners at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on the 23rd day of December 1929.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the letter be laid over for fur-
ther consideration, seconded by Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Hansell moved to amend the motion of Commissioner Thomas to the effect that
and extension of time be granted the Las Vegas Gas Company if they would post a bond of $5,000.00
with the City of Las Vegas. Said Amendment seconded by Mayor Hesse. Vote on said amendment was
as follows; Commissioner Hansell voting Aye, and Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German, and
His Honor the Mayor voting No.

Vote on motion as introduced by Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith was
as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, Thomas, and German, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes None.

Plat of Las Vegas Highlands was presented to the Board for its Approval. Same being
approved by the City Planning Commission, and the Board of County Commissioners.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the plat of Las Vegas Highlands be approved by the Board of City Commissioners same to be
approved by the Mayor J. F. Hesse, and Attest by the City Clerk Viola Burns. Vote on said motion
was as follows; Commissioners German, Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 14th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 14th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Minutes of meeting of January 9th 1930 read and approved as read.

A form of notice to bond bidders of the offering for sale of the ten bonds of the Las
Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds Series B, issue, namely of ten bonds of
the denomination of One Thousand Dollars each, payable in ten annual instalments dated Jan.
1st, 1930 the first instalment falling due January 1st 1931, was presented to the Board

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolve that the form of notice offering for sale the ten bonds of the denomination of
One Thousand Dollars each of the Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds
Series B, as presented to this Board be and the same is hereby adopted and the Mayor is auth-
orized to sign the same on behalf of this Board, and the City Clerk to Attest the same under
the seal of the City, and said Clerk authorized to have such notice published in the Las Vegas
Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada once a
week for four consecutive weeks and the date for opening and passing on bids set for the 14th
day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of this Board, and