Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 3rd, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the the 3rd, day of April A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
J.M. Ullom and John F. Miller, the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time a committee from the Mesquite Club of the City appeared before the Board requesting
the Board to take some action for providing for the gathering up of Garbage in said said City and
the passing of an ordinance regulating stock corrals in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered by the Board that this matter be
laid over until the next meting of the Board or until such time as there was a fully membership
of the Board present.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board An Ordinance entitled ordinance No. 70. " An Ordinance
to Amend Sections Nos 1 and 2 of Ordinance No. 10 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance
Defining Vagrancy and Providing Penalties for Vagrancy", as appears more fully in Ordinance Book
No. one of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada under ordinance No. seventy (70) of said City of which
refence is hereby made, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon
Motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Hiller and duly carried ordered that said
ordinance be passed and the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby instructed to have the said
Ordinance published in the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada for a period of one week as by law provided. the vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit; Commissioners Ullom, aye, Miller aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk then read before the Board a petition from the residences in the block where the Cath-
olic Church is situated requesting the Board of City Commissioners to pass an Ordinance prohibiting
the keeping of Stock corrals within certain limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over until
the next meeting of the Board.

The question of establishing a clean up day for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on before
the Board it was then ordered by the Board that this matter be laid over until the next regular
meeting of this Board.

The question of retaining the day policeman on in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the month of
April coming on before the Board it was upon the recommendation of John F. Miller Fire and Police
commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ordered that James W. Squires be and he is hereby
retained as a special Policeman of said City for the Month of April at a salary of $75.00. for the
said month of April 1918. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom
aye Miller aye, and His honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.