Members of the Recreational Board were present at this time and presented its plans for the
year 1938 to the Board. Among the plans was the purchase of approximately one city block of un-
improved ground to be used as a play or recreational ground near the Westside Grammar School.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the Recreational Board find a suitable site for a playground costing approximately One
Hundred Dollars and negotiated for the purchase of the s me.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Marble excused and Commissioner Ronnow absent. Noes, none.

Mrs. Johdahl appeared before the Board and reported on the treatment of animals at the City
Pound and their disposal as same had been brought to her attention. Mrs. Johdahl also informed
the Board that at one time two officer of the City Police Department shot a dog under the porch
of a house at the S.W. cor of Carson & Fifths streets. Same occurring during the day, and a
tourist passing picked up the dog and after wrapping his leg took him away in a car. The Board
was also informed that Reynolds Putnan had remarked to Mrs. Jondahl of the very inhuman treat-
ment received by animals from the Poundmaster and had informed people to dispose of their own
animals rather than have them sent to the pound.

Mrs. Jondahl was told that the Board would take immediate steps to investigate this matter
and if animals were not treated in a humane manner this practise would be stopped at once.

Bids for the purchase of gasoline for the City for the year 1938 were opened and upon
motion of Conuhissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
City enter into agreement with all oil companies bidding $.1625 for their proportion of the
City business for the year 1938. Said companies being, Reichfield, Shell, Signal and Associated,
and that allother companies be given opportunity to share in the city's gasoline business at
this rate if they so desire.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of cement were next opened by the City Engineer, and on motion of
Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the bid of
Woitishek Lumber Company for Portland Cement at $.615 per sack be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all liquor licenses applied for for the year 1938 be granted. Same having been approved
by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the applications for gaming and slot machine licenses for the first quarter year be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved, and carried
that the claim of Roberts and Cravens in the sum of $426.80 be allowed. This amount covered
the cost of new roofing at the grandstand and had been contracted for in October 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk forward to the office of Claude Mackey, WPA Director reports of the WPA pro-
ject now under construction. Reports being Form No.710A for 72 man hours $46.68 and Form 710
39 Truck days total $292.50.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 10th day of January 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 10th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of January 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause,

Ronnow and Perry, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write the Clark County Clerk for a certified copy of the Resolution passed by the
Board of Clark County Commissioners wherein it refused to refund to the City a sum of money
to be used as a road fund.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Perry and Ronnow, and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,

none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from David Mackey Chief of Police where
in a report of the conditions of the City Pound and the treatment of animals and their disposal
by City Officers was described.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the letter to referred to Police Commissioner Krause and C.D. Baker Engineer for investi-
gation.

Vote Commissioner Krause Perry and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.