On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to C.L. Hennon for 104 No. 1st Street.

Vote Commissioners Frause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 20th day of September, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
SEPTEMBER 20th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of September, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Mr. Baker, City Engineer at this time presented to the Board two (2) bids for the pur-
chase of sewer rods.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bids be referred to the Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Light, and that purchase of
sewer rods when needed, be based upon the bids as this day filed with the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to write Mr. Fitzgerald, State Labor Commissioner for a copy of
the prevailing wage rates as same is set up by the Labor Office governing municipal employees
wages.

Vote was Commissioner Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Mr. A.L. Drews, caretaker at the Golf Club appeared before the Board at this time and
ask for permission to operate a practice range at the golf course on the Los Angeles Highway

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Mr. Drews be granted a revocable permit for the operation of a practice range at
the golf course, without cost or pay, except revenues derived from sale of supplies which be
deposited in the City Treasurer, and that Mr. Drews can therefore be compensated to the ex-
tent of these revenues and no more.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Parry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

At this time a numbers of bids for the purchase of oil and grease for the City were
opened, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved
and carried that all bids be referred to C.D.Baker, City Engineer and Purchasing Agent for
checking and recommendation to the Board at an early date.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 27th day of September, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 27th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of September, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, City Attorney and
City Clerk

Minutes of meeting of September 13th and 20th read approved as read.