27.	To prevent or regulate the rolling of hoops, playing of ball, flying of kites, riding of
bicycles or tricycles, or any other amusement or practice having a tendency to annoy persons passing in the
streets, or on the sidewalks, or to frighten teams or horses.

28.	To	regulate the ringing of bells, blowing of horns and bugles,	crying	of goods by auctioneers and

others and the	making of other noises for the purpose of business, amusements	or otherwise, and to prevent all

orations, harangues, loud outcries, performances and devices tending to the collection of persons on the streets
and sidewalks.

29.	To	construct and keep in repair bridges, viaducts and tunnels,	and to	regulate the use thereof.

30.	To	permit, regulate, or prohibit the location, construction or	laying	of the tracts of any

railroad or tramway in any street, alley, avenue, or public place, and to grant franchises to persons or corp-
orations to lay, maintain and operate in, upon, along, through, or across any street, alley, avenue, or any part
or parts thereof, of said city or other public places therein, railroad tracts and connecting and terminal tracks.

30a. To require every railroad and street railway company to keep the streets in repair between the
tracks and along and within two feet upon each side of the tracks, and to require all street railway companies to
sprinkle the streets between their tracks, and for a reasonable distance on each side thereof.

31.	To declare a nuisance and take up and remove, or to cause to be taken up and removed, the tracks
of any railway which shall have been laid upon, in, along, through, or across any of the streets, alleys, avenues
or public places of the city and which shall not have been operated with care for public use for a period of one
year after the laying thereof.

32.	To require railroad companies to fense their respective railroads or any portion of the same, and
to construct cattle guards, crossings of streets, alleys, avenues and public places, and to keep the same in
repair within the limits of the city.

33. To require railroad companies to provide protection against injury to persons or property; to
compel said companies to raise or lower their tracks to conform to any grade which may at any time be established
by such city, so that such tracks may be crossed at any place on any street, alley or avenue; to compel railroad
companies to make and keep open and to keep in repair ditches, drains, sewers, and culverts along and under
their railroad tracks so that the natural or artificial drainage on adjacent property shall not be impaired.

34. To provide for the lighting, sprinkling and cleaning of the streets, alleys, avenues, sidewalks,
crosswalks, parks and public grounds.

35.	To regulate the opening and use thereof for the laying of conduits, gas or water mains, or pipes,
and the building and repairing of sewers, tunnels and drains.

36.	To contract with, authorize or grant to any person, company of association a franchise to con-
struct, maintain, and operate gas, electric or other lighting works in the city, and to give such person, comp-
any or association the privilege of furnishing light for the public buildings, streets, sidewalks and alleys of
said city.



37.	To provide for the lighting of streets, laying down of gas pipes and erecting of lampposts; to
regulate the use of gas, natural gas and electric and other lights and electric power, and to regulate the
inspection thereof.

38.	To construct and maintain waterworks, gasworks, electric-light works, street railways, or bath-
houses, or to authorize the construction and maintenance of the same by others, or to purchase or lease any or
all of said works from any person or corporation.

39* To construct or authorize and construction of waterworks without the city limits for the supply
of said city; and for the purpose of maintaining and protecting the same from injury and the water from
pollution, their jurisdiction shall extend over the territory occupied by such works and over all reservoirs,
streams, canals, ditches, pipes, flumes and drains used in or necessary for the construction, maintenance and
operation of the same, and over the stream or source from which the water is taken, above the point from which
it is taken, and to enact all ordinances and regulations necessary to carry the power herein conferred into
effect.

40. To regulate and control the water and water courses, ditches, and flumes, within or leading to t
the city, and to regulate and control mill privileges within the city.

41 To construct, purchase or lease, and maintain canals, ditches, flumes, artesian wells and reser-
voirs; and to purchase or lease springs, streams, or sources of water supply for the purpose of providing water
for irrigation, domestic or other public purposes; and to prevent all waste of water flowing from artesian
wells, and if necessary to secure said sources of water supply, to purchase or lease the land from or upon which
said water has been appropriated or applied. Also, to purchase, acquire or lease stock in ditch, canal, reservoir
or water companies for the purpose of providing water for such city and the inhabitants thereof.

42. To fix the rate to be paid for the use of water furnished by the city.

A3* To purchase, construct, lease, rent, manage and maintain any system or part of a system of water-
works, hydrants, and supplies of water, telegraphic fire signals, or fire apparatus, and to pass all ordinances
penal or otherwise, that shall be necessary for the full protection, maintenance, management and control of the
property so leased, purchased or constructed.

44. To regulate the construction, repair and use of vaults, cisterns, areas, hydrants, pumps, sewers,
gutters, and plumbing; to provide for a board of examiners to examine into the fitness and qualifications of per-
sons following the plumbing trade, and to prescribe what qualifications shall be had by persons following said
trade.

45. To establish markets and markethouses and to provide for the regulation and use thereof.

46.	To provide for the place and manner of sale of meats, poultry, fish, butter, cheese, lard,
vegetables, flour, meal, milk and all other provisions.

47.	To provide for and regulate the inspection of meats, poultry, fruits, fish, butter, cheese, lard,
vegetables, flour, meal, milk, and all other provisions.

48.	To provide for the inspection, measurement or graduation of any merchandise, manufacture, or
commodity, and to appoint the necessary officers therefor.

49. To provide for the inspection, and scaling of weights and measures.