Las Vegas, Nevada
November 7, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
7th day of November, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert	F.	Boos

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

At this time the Commission considered the application of Cal & Majorie Henry to construct
a church at Adams Avenue between J and M Streets. This application had been denied by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment because the property was insufficient to meet the require-
ments of an R-E zone.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills further stated that incomplete plans for the proposed
project were the only ones received by the City.

Mr. Cal Henry appeared and advised the Commission that he had the plans. Discussion
followed.

The Commission advised Mr. Henry they would have to deny this application since the land
area was too small.

Thereafter Mr. Henry announced that the owner of property adjacent to this had offered
to sell the church a piece of property equal in size, being 73 feet by 140 feet.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Cal and Marjorie Henry to construct a church
at Adams Avenue between J and M Street be approved subject to acquisition of additional
property of the same size contiguous to the property and the posting of a bond and
signing of an agreement for the installation of off-site improvements, and the submission
of a plot plan to the Planning Department showing the location of the church; further
the City Clerk be instructed to draft the standard resolution of approval, which is here-
by adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held on the 7th day of November, 1956; having considered the application of Cal
and Marjorie Henry for Use Permit to construct a church at Adams Avenue between J and M
streets in an R-E zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment denying
this application since the land area was too small and the facts presented by the appli-
cant in support of his application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Cal and Marjorie
Henry for Use Permit to construct a church at Adams Avenue between J and M Streets be
approved subject to acquisition of additional property of the same size contiguous to the
property, the posting of a bond, signing of an agreement for the installation of off-site
improvements and the submission of a plot plan to the Planning Commission showing the
location of the church.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp reported that the Planning Commission, pursuant to the request of the
Las Vegas Realty Board, had decided to hold meetings on rezoning applications every two
months instead of every four months.

The tentative map of the Hollydale Tract previously presented to the Commission and
denied on October 3, 1956 due to the fact there were two half streets, was again considered.

Director of Planning Bills stated that the map had been worked over with the subdivider,
Engineering Department and FHA. He explained that the land on the east of this tract
is undeveloped, while the land on the west side is partially developed. He advised the
Commission that the half street on the east side of the tract would be paved to a width
of 35 feet, and the street on the west side of the tract was already improved by pavement.

City Engineer Wade indicated there was a drainage problem, but that it could be worked out.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Hollydale Tract be approved subject to the
receipt of a letter from the School District, and the map as submitted to the Commission
be filed with the Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Manning Commission to rezone from
R-1 to R-2 the east half of Blocks 2 and 32, Tankel's North Addition #1. This rezoning
was previously presented to the Commission on October 3, 1956, and continued until written
approval was received from the Board of Clark County Commissioners. The Manning Director
advised the Commission that this letter had been filed.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Manning Commission to
rezone from R-1 to R-2 the east half of Blocks 2 and 32, Tankel's North Addition #1 be
approved and the City Attorney be instructed to include this rezoning in the next ordi-
nance drawn to amend the Land Use Man.

USE PERMIT -U-40-56
Cal Henry

REZONING HEARINGS

HOLLYDALE TRACT
Tentative Map

REZONING -Z-32-56
Tankel's North
Addition