Commissioner Bunker asked what can he done regarding the drop-off next to the paving on
Willowbrook Street, the border street of the subdivision. Mr. Uehling stated that the
subdivider had been required to build up the area next to the edge of the paving so that
there would not be damage or too abrupt a change but that inasmuch as the other half of
the street is in the County, there is not much the City could do regarding the drop-off.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Hollydale Tract #3 Final Plat be approved and the Mayor
Pro Tem and City Clerk be authorized to sign the Final Plat & Subdivision Agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS #1   Commissioner Bunker moved the improvements on Las Verdes Heights #1 be accepted and the
Subdivision                          General Casualty Company of America Subdivision Improvement Bond No. 336523 in the amount
Improvement Agreement	of $220,800.46 be released.

Acceptance and	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Release of Bond	Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

JUDY RICH TRACT #2	Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements on Judy Rich Tract #2 be accepted and the Royal

Subdivision Improvement	Indemnity Company Subdivision Bond No. 511550 in the amount of $13,796.01 be released.

 Agreement

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Acceptance and	Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Release of Bond	Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

HOLLYDALE TRACTS	The Commission considered acceptance and release of bond on Hollydale Tracts #1 and #2.

#1 and #2	Mr. Uehling reported that all work is complete with the exception of street lighting which

Subdivision Improvement	is a portion of the total installation which includes Hollydale Tracts #1, #2 and #3. When

 Agreement	Tract #3 is completed the circuits will be completed. Poles and light fixtures have been

installed. There is enough bond under Hollydale Tract #3 Subdivision Agreement to cover
Acceptance and	the completion of the street lighting.

Release of Bond

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements on Hollydale Tracts #1 and #2 be accepted and
the Glens Falls Insurance Company Subdivision Contract Bonds No. 73-46-76 in the amount of
$21,000.00 and No. 75-35-91 in the amount of $29,000.00 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

CEMETERY SPRINKLING	Mr. Uehling, Principal Civil Engineer, presented the request to go to bid for the sprinkling

SYSTEM	system in the cemetery. He explained that the area to be covered is the area along Foremaster

Lane adjacent to the developed part of the cemetery and this line will also be extended down
Approved to go	to the Park Department Warehouse,

to Bid

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Clerk be authorized to publish notice to bidders for the
Cemetery Sprinkling System, Bids to be opened at 8:00 on November 19, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

CHANGE OF NAME	The City Clerk read the Resolution of Intent to Change the name of Fifth Street to Las Vegas

Fifth Street to Las	Boulevard.

Vegas Boulevard

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried, the
Resolution adopted	following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners received many requests for the change of
name of 5th Street to LAS VEGAS BOULEVARD; and

WHEREAS, a Public Hearing was held by the Board on July 2, 1958 at which time
all persons interested in the matter were heard; and

WHEREAS, the matter was taken under advisement by the Board at that time; and

WHEREAS, the Board feels that it should now go on record as favoring the change
of name of 5th Street within the City Limits to "LAS VEGAS BOULEVARD", such change to
become official on July 1, 1959; and

WHEREAS, the adoption of this resolution at this time will allow the various
businesses located on the said street sufficient time to make necessary adjustments before
July 1, 1959.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 15th day of October, 1958, that 5th Street
within the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas should be changed to "LAS VEGAS BOULEVARD"
effective July 1, 1959.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the passage of this resolution at this time is for
the purpose of advising the citizens of Las Vegas as to the intention of the Board, and
that the Board intends on July 1, 1959 to take the official action necessary to change the
official records in the County Recorders Office as provided by NRS 116.120.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of October, 1959.

Mrs. Giancontieri spoke from the audience stating that there were other badly needed road
improvements for which the City could spend their money other than for "name changes."

She especially mentioned a street near West Charleston School which is a "disgrace" which
she thinks is Shadow Street by name. She further stated that a policeman was needed near
the Junior High School to direct traffic.

10-15-58