Mrs. Giancontieri spoke from the audience asking what if there would he a break-down
in the machines and further stated that she would not be denied her right to vote.

Mr. Kennedy explained that all the electrical circuits at the polling places will be
checked and that he believed that there would be no trouble experienced with the voting
machines in this election and that there would be maintenance men available.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Commissioner Sharp be appointed to serve with the Chief
of Police as duly authorized officials to inspect the voting machines and the following
resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Clark County Board of Commissioners on the 21st day of July,

1958, did officially take action approving the use of the Shoup Voting Machine as
provided in the Election Laws of the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the Clark County Board of Commissioners has offered to make
available to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, one hundred (100) Shoup Voting Machines for
the conduct of the Primary and General City of Las Vegas Elections in the year 1959; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Mayor and the Board of City Commissioners
of Las Vegas that these machines be used in the conduct of the 1959 Municipal Elections;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 4th day of February, 1959, that in
accordance with Section 303.200 of the Nevada Revised Statues, the use of the voting
machines herein mentioned in the conduct of the 1959 Municipal Elections be hereby
adopted; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, in compliance with Section 303.335 of the Nevada
Revised Statutes, that City Commissioner Harris P. Sharp and the Chief of Police of
the City of Las Vegas are hereby designated as duly authorized officials to inspect
the voting machines as set forth in Section 303.335 and. file the necessary report with
the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners following their inspection.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 4th day of February, 1959.

ATTEST:	/s/ C. D. BAKER_________________________

Mayor

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS______________________

Acting City Clerk

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

LETTER	City Manager Kennedy read a letter to the Board received from Rev. Charles A. Cady,

ALL CHRISTIAN BIBLE COLLEGE,           Pastor, All Christians Bible College, Inc., objecting to the $15.00 fee for investigation

INC.	required by the City of the people they employ for the purpose of house-to-house soliciting.

It was the opinion of the Commission that Mr. Kennedy should write Rev. Cady a letter or
talk to him personally to explain that this fee cannot be waived and that it is necessary
to investigate these people and see if they are eligible for a license for this type of
work.

PURCHASE ORDER NO. 5521	City Manager Kennedy requested that authorization be given to issue a warrant in the

Excavating Effluent	amount of $3,276.00 as per Purchase Order No. 5521 for the excavating of the effluent

Ditch	ditch by Espy Brothers. The City has both an assignment and a lien, and the Court will

have to determine who the appropriate payee is to be and check will be drawn and paid to
Approved	that party. This authorization is needed so the check can be made out when it is 

determined to whom it should be payable to.

Commissioner Whipple moved that payment of $3,276.00 for the excavating of the effluent
ditch as per Purchase Order No. 5521 be approved and the Director of Finance and Treasurer
be authorized to issue the warrant to be made payable to appropriate payee as determined
by the Court.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

NORTH LAS VEGAS V.F.W.	At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 19, 1956, -

Lease of City Property	consideration was given to the request of the North Las Vegas Memorial Post No. 10047, Veterans of

Foreign Wars, to lease some land from the City of Las Vegas to be used for a clubhouse and
Approved	recreation and playgrounds. This City property is located in North Las Vegas. At that

time the Commission suggested that the Engineering Department prepare a sketch Of the area
and that a proposed lease be drawn.

This sketch has been prepared and the proposed lease has been drawn by the City Attorney's
Office, and it requested that said lease be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign same.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this lease by the City of Las Vegas to the North Las Vegas
Memorial Post No. 10047, Veterans of Foreign Wars, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

YOUNT ADVISORY COUNCIL	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a letter has been received from the Youth

LETTER	Advisory Council requesting consideration of a program to augment the craft classes of the

Recreation Department	City Recreation Department by starting classes on Saturday mornings in several city schools.

Craft Classes	Mr. Kennedy said that he talked to Mr. Bruce Trent and the Recreation Department has started

making plans and locating different schools with the approval of the School Board, and it is
mainly a matter of getting instructors.

The Commission expressed the opinion that they were in favor of this plan and requested
that Mr. Kennedy write a letter to the Youth Advisory Council to that effect.

2-4-59