	WHEREAS, the remaining portion of the lands included within said district

may be levied against by said City by a valid special assessment; and

WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment
upon any lot or premise for said improvements exceed 50% of the value as such lot
or premise as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and
County tax; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of
Las Vegas, it is fair and equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be
borne by the City from its general funds except as herein provided; and

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
las Vegas, held on the 17th day of March, 1954, a resolution was adopted and approved
directing the City Engineer to make estimates of the expenses thereof and plats dia-
grams and plans of work of the locality to be improved, and to file such estimates,
plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for public examination; and

WHEREAS, on the 31st day of March, 1954, said estimates, plats, diagrams
and plans were so filed.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO
ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, and State of Nevada, does hereby declare its determination to

make certain public improvements by installing along that certain street hereinafter

described a complete street lighting system, to create a special assessment district

therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments

made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises

and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to improve said street by constructing
thereon street lighting facilities which include concrete bases, aluminum standards,
mercury vapor luminaires and underground and single overhead wire and series lighting
System, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly
shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now
on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the certain street which the Board proposed to so have
improved, is the following:

Fifth Street from a point approximately 730 feet North of the

intersection of South Fifth and South Main, to the North City

Limits.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to
create shall be designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-25, and,
it shall include all the lots, premises and property, to the full depth of such
fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans
of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense
thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the
City Hall in said City on Monday, the 12th day of April, 1954, at the hour of 8:00
o'clock P.M. to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made
by parties in interest to the proposed improvements or any matters relating thereto.
Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be
filed in writing in the Office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said
estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the
proposed improvement or work, of the location of the improvement, and of the district
to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.
Said notice shall be given by publication for at least once a week for two successive
weeks in the Las Vegas Morning Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of
Las Vegas, and by posting notices in three public places near the site of the
proposed work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, order, resolutions and ordinances or parts
of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are
hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned, or be held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence clause or part of this
ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not effect or prejudice in any way
the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City
of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.