BID #I-27-59

Printing of Permit Ap-
plication Forms

Award

USE PERMIT U-l-57

Dental Suite, Inc.

Acceptance of Off-site
Improvements and
Release of Bond

BID #59.15

Main Street Lighting-
Bonanza Road to North
City Limits

Final Payment and Release
of Bonds

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE UNIT #3
Acceptance of Final Plat

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS TRACT #8,
UNIT #4

Acceptance of Final Plat

BEVERLY GREEN TRACT #4

Acceptance of Completed
Construction and Release
of Bond

REMOVAL OF PARKING ON
FREMONT STREET FOR
CLEANING PURPOSES

Held in Abeyance

The Commission considered the bids received for Bid #I-27-59 for
printing of permit application forms. Public Works Department
recommended that Standard Register be awarded the contract for their
low bid of $843.25; the next lowest bid was from Bonanza Printers in
the amount of $1050.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved Bid #I-27-59 be awarded to Standard
Register for their low bid in the amount of $843.25.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the off-site improvements installed
under Use Permit U-l-57 for Dental Suite, Inc., located at 7th and
Gass intersection be accepted, and the Performance Bond of Fidelity
and Casualty Company of New York in the amount of $3232.35 released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved final payment in the amount of $1,777.17
be made to Acme Electric Company for work completed under Contract
#211H.10, Bid #59-15, for lighting on Main Street, from Bonanza Road
to the North City Limits, and the Royal Indemnity Company Performance
and Payment Bonds in the respective amounts of $17,771-74 and
$8,885.87 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated it was the recommendation of
the Public Works Department that the final plat for Golfridge Terrace
Unit #3, which had been submitted by Mr. Louis Miranti, be accepted,
subject to the receipt of a bond.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if Mr. Sauer had seen the water permit
and Mr. Sauer replied that he had seen a copy of a letter sent to
Mr. Miranti by the State Engineer, stating that a water permit would
be given, but that it had not yet been granted. He added he believed
there was still some question about its being granted, because of the
law suit now pending with the Las Vegas Valley Water District.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the final plat for Golfridge Terrace
Unit #3 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final plat submitted by Land O'Sun
Corp. for Charleston Heights Tract #8, Unit #4, be accepted, pending
receipt of the bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Public Works Director Sauer advised that all work had been completed,
with the exception of the repair of certain broken curbs and sidewalks,
and the work which had been completed had been inspected and found
satisfactory. He stated that Beverly Green Development Company had
submitted a certified check in the amount of $310.00, to cover the
replacement of the broken sidewalks and curbs, which are to be
corrected within a six months' period, and it was the recommendation
of the Public Works Department that the bond of Benefit Fire Insurance
Company be released and the completed offsite improvements accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the completed off-site improvements
installed by Beverly Green Development Company in Beverly Green
Tract #4 be accepted and the bond of Benefit Fire Insurance Company
be released and that approval be given the posting of a certified
check in the amount of $310.00, to cover the replacement of broken
sidewalks and curbs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Public Works Director Sauer stated this matter had been held in
abeyance at the last meeting and it was now the recommendation of the
Public Works Department that parking be banned on Fremont Street only
from 4:30 A.M. to 5:00 A.M. for a trial period of 60 days. Mr. Sauer
stated out of town cars would be given a courtesy warning and local
cars would be given a courtesy warning the first two days and after
that they would be cited, in the event that failed to heed the parking
ban; in no event would cars be towed off.

1-20-60