On motion of Mayor Cragin, seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that
the City Street Department purchase a Ford pick up truck for use of that department.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Arnett, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none. Commissioner Marble not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the City Street Department purchase a quantity of oil bound gravel to be used on the City
streets where in the opinion of The Street Supt. Mr. J.P. King it would be satisfactory to use
such material.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4th, 1934.

	Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held on the 4th day of August 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, and German, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Marble.

All claims allowed as per claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

A number of apartment house and cabin court owners appeared before the Board in regard
to the licensing of apartment houses in the City of Las Vegas. No decision was reached at this
time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 8th day of August, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

AUGUST 8th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of August, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German and Arnett,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Marble and Down.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that from and after this date permits granted by the City Street Supt.
for the construction of driveways in conformity with Ordinance No. 172 of said City
shall not exceed in width twenty-five (25) lineal feet, on all streets within said
City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, and German and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was
RESOLVED, that from and after this date it shall be unlawful for gasoline
and other motor vehicle trucks to park said gasoline or other motor vehicle trucks
on the following named streets, except for the purpose of loading and unloading
and then only for a period of twenty minutes at any one time:

Fremont Street from the west line of Main Street to the east line of Third Street
and for one block on each side of said Fremont Street within said limits.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, and German and
is Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

Dave Stearns	2 Slot Machine licenses

Jack Weisberger	1	"	"	"

Art Schrieber	1	"	"	"

E.P. Bihlmaier	4	"	"	"