We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby 
admit due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

Howell C. Garrison, Mayor	A. F. Smith, Sr. Commissioner

Pat Clark,_____Commissioner	M. C. Tinch,______Commissioner

Meeting called to order by his Honor, Howell C. Garrison with the following
members present: Commissioners Smith, Clark and City attorney, Paul Ralli, City Clerk
Helen Scott.

Absent: Commissioners Tinch and Rubidoux.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following Resolution be adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Clark and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, at a special meeting held at Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 21st
day of February, A. D. 1942, that the land and premises hereinafter described be,
and the same are hereby declared to be, necessary for a right-of-way for a public
highway for a public use.

Beginning at a concrete monument which is the East Quarter corner of
Section 28; thence North 0° 15' West along the East line of the North-
east quarter (NE¼) of Section 28; 2621.6 feet, to the Northeast corner
of Section 28; thence North 89°06' West, 80.0 feet; thence South 0°15'

East, 2621.6 feet to the East and West center line of Section 28;
thence South 89°06' East along said center line 80.0 feet to the point
of beginning, containing 4.81 acres more or less, the same being a
portion of the Northeast quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, Township 20
South, Range 6l East M.D.B & M.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor and city clerk be empowered to sign the
necessary papers for filing a condemnation suit in respect to the foregoing
Resolution. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that insurance be taken on the new addition to the
War Memorial Building including the furnishings which amount to $4,074.17, subject
to ratification at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: HELEN SCOTT, CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is
hereby called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office,
Friday the 27th day of February, 1942, at the hour of 11:00 A. M. on said day to consider
the following:

1. The approval of the plats of Huntridge Tract No. 2 and Biltmore Annex N. 1

HOWELL C. GARRISON______

Mayor

To: Howell C. Garrison, Mayor, and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A. F. Smith, Sr., and
Ap P. Rubidoux, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

You and each of you will please take notice: That pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the city of Las Vegas, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the
City Clerk's office Friday, the 27th day of February, 1942, at the hour of 11:00 A.M.
on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. The approval of the plats of Huntridge Tract No. 2 and Builtmore Annex
No. 1.