Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:





City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 14, 1957

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held this 14th day of August, 1957, was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker announced that this was the time set to again consider the applica-
tion of Drs. Gilbert Eklund and Vincent Sanner for a variance to permit the
erection of a professional building in an R-4 zone at Weldon Place between St.
Louis Avenue and El Centro Place (Lots 5 through 7, and a portion of Lot 8,

Block 3, El Centro Addition #2). His Honor stated that this matter had been
continued from the Commission meetings of June 5, 19 and July 3, 1957, to allow
the protestants an opportunity to view the proposed plans for this construction
and also because there had not been a full Board present at those meetings.

Mayor Baker advised those present that the Board of Adjustment had denied the
application for a variance to build three (3) feet from the property line, but
had recommended that a Use Permit be granted for this construction subject
to compliance with R-4 zoning setback requirements of ten (10) feet from
the property line.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. W. J. Barnes, who had previously appeared as spokesman for the property
owners protesting the erection of this professional building was present at this
time. Mr. Barnes stated that he had contacted several of the people who had
signed the original protest and they advised him that they felt as they did be-
fore in that they still are not in favor of the approval of this applications.

Mr. Barnes continued that he personally felt that if the property owners could
be assured that the City would not permit the construction of anything such as
a market or an all night type of store that most of the objections would be
withdrawn.

Commissioner Bunker asked Mr. Barnes if he thought the protestants had been
properly notified that the Commission intended to take action oh this matter
at this meeting.

Mr. Barnes said he felt certain that the property owners were aware of this
fact, but the majority felt that they had signed petitions of protest and some
were unable to be present because they were working.

Mayor Baker stated that this is an R-4 zone and professional offices are per-
mitted subject to the approval of a use permit or variance. His Honor said
that he personally would not vote to allow a commercial type of enterprise in
this particular area.

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and Whipple indicated that they too are opposed to
any type of commercial development in this particular area.

Commissioner Bunker moved Drs. Eklund and Sanner be granted a use permit for
the construction of a professional building on Lots 5, 6, 7 and a portion of
Lot 8, Block 3, El Centro Addition No. 2, subject to compliance with set back
requirements of 10 feet from the property line, as recommended by the Board
of Zoning Adjustment and subject to the filing of a bond for the installation
of off-site improvements, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners at a recessed regular meeting held
August 14, 1957 having considered the application of Drs. Gilbert Eklund and
Vincent Sanner for a use permit for the construction of a professional building
at Weldon Place between St. Louis Avenue and El Centro Place (Lots 5 through 7
and a portion of Lot 8, Block 3, El Centro Addition #2) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application subject to compliance with R-4 zoning setback requirements
of ten (10') feet from the property line and having been advised an off-site
improvement agreement had been signed;

VARIANCE V-3-57
Drs. Eklund &
Sanner