PAWNSHOP LICENSE -	Commissioner Moore moved the pawnbrokers license of Sam Ingalls, Ingalls

Sam Ingalls	Credit Jewelers be revoked by reason of the fact that this business was

Revoked	sold before Mr. Ingalls application was approved on December 27, 1950.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

LOCATION FOR NEW	Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to negotiate to

FIRE STATION	obtain land approximately 275 feet by 250 feet on Bonanza Road near the

intersection of Rancho Road, for a price not to exceed $5,000 for the
	purpose of constructing a fire station on same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Moore moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:





******

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 10, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 10th day of January,
1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Moore, Peccole,

Whipple; City Attorney Howard W. Cannon, City Manager C. W. Shelley, City
Engineer W. C. Anderson and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:

Commissioner Bunker.

ZONE VARIANCE - Public             This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition of
Hearing - Dr. D.N. Leavitt                Dr. D. N. Leavitt for zone variance in order to temporarily establish his
1225 South 8th	dental office at his home, 1225 South 8th Street, said request having been

	denied by the Regional Planning Commission.

His Honor read a letter received January 8, 1951 from Dr. Leavitt requesting
that this hearing not be held.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved this public hearing be dismissed and
Dr. Leavitt be allowed to withdraw his request for zone variance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT #100-3    At this time Mr. Tom Hargrove, representative of the Nevada State Contractor's
Opening of Bids	Board identified himself and stated that he was present to protest bids submitted

Installation of Improvement                by unlicensed contractors.

	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation

of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-3, bids were received from the
following concerns:

Street Improvement:

Wells Cargo Inc.	$17,330.35

J. M. Murphy Construction Co	18,873.01

Electrolier:

Albright Courtesy Electric	7,305.00

Commissioner Peccole moved that the foregoing bids on Assessment District No.
100-3 be turned over to the City Manager for compilation and to see if the
contractors are eligible to bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT #100-4    This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation
Opening of Bids	of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-4, bids were received from the

Installation of Improvement                following concerns:

	Wells Cargo Inc.	$15,105.50

	J. M. Murphy Construction Co	14,181.78