OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

October 7,1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of October, A.D, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf and Shields, together with the City Attorney
and City Clerk, Mayor W.C. German and W.H. Elwell being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, Commissioner Anderson
was appointed Acting Chairman. Voting on said motion Commissioners Matzdorf and Shield ,Aye.
Noes, none. Commissioner Anderson not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered that
the Board adjourn until Wednesday, October 8th,1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.
Voting Commissioners Matzdorf and Shield and Acting Chairman Anderson, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. October 8th ,1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of October, A.D 1924, at the hour of.
seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with members F.E. Matzdorf
A.R. Anderson, and C.R. Shield, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham, and the City Clerk,
member W.H. Elwell being absent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections,
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claim of Ed.

Von Tobel Lumber Company in the sum of $5.50 was held up to be approved by M.I. Newkirk, sexton of
Woodlawn Cemetery.; the claim of United States Rubber Company for new hose was held up, it being
agreed by the company that the City shall have a year in which to pay said claim. The claim
of Pacific Pipe and Tank Company was ordered returned to the company to be properly signed. Upon
presentation of the claim of E.W. Griffith for sidewalk on Second Street, it was ordered, upon
motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield that a warrant for $800.00 be
drawn in favor of Mr. Griffith. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

A communication from J.L. Russell was then read to the Board, and the same was referred to
O.C. Boyer, Division Engineer of the State Highway Department for recommendation.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of R.H. Bay for a gaming license (2 games )
at the Arizona Club, and it appearing to the Board that said application has been approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded
by Commissioner Shield, that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby
directed to issue a gaming license (2 games ) to R.H. Bay, at the Arizona Club, for the quarter
ending December 31st ,1924.