We hereby accept service of the fore going notice, and waive all further notice of
the time, place and objects of the meeting above-noticed, and represent that W. c. German,
Commissioner is absent from the City of Las Vegas and State of Nevada upon leave hereto-
fore granted, and that the exact address of said W. C. German cannot at this time be con-
veniently ascertained in order that actual service of notice might or could be made
upon him.

L. B. Hansell	J. F. Hesse

O. J. Smith	R. W. Thomas.

Minutes of meeting of the 25th of Sept. read and approved as read.

There upon the Board of Commissioners entered into a discussion in regards to the
proposed new paving district. After a lengthy discussion Commissioner Smith was instructed
to get a rough estimate of the cost per lot in the proposed new paving district on the kind
of paving to be used, also on the cost of curbs, and gutters.

The matter of the proposed new sewer system was next brought before the Board. After
a lengthy discussion the meeting recessed un the hour of seven thirty o'clock.

Present at seven thirty were Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith
together with the City attorney, Deputy City Attorney, and Clerk.

Of the three firms submitting bids on the proposed new sewer system the firm of
Koebig and Koebig being the unanimous chose of the Board.

There upon the The Board entered into a lengthy discussion on the ways of financ-
ing said sewer survey, and system, and the for of contract that the City was to enter
into with Koebig and Koebig.

After due consideration the following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner
Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas.

RESOLVE; That the Mayor execute in the name, and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas

same to be attested by the City Clerk the proposed contract with A.H. Koebig, Sr. and A.H.

Koebig Jr. covering engineering services in connection with proposed sewer, and sewer 
disposal system in the form of draft of such contract presented to the meeting, and that the

sum of $3500.00 and $1000.00 respectively therein provided to be paid, shall at the times

therein provided be paid out of the General Fund upon warrants executed by the proper
Officers of the City.	

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes Hone.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, NEVADA	

SEPTEMBER 30th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 30th day of Sept. 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, together withe the City
Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and German.

Minutes of special meeting of Sept. 27th 1929 read and approved as read.

Mr. A. W. Ham from the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board and ask that the
City donate the sum of $100.00 to apply on the rent due the Mesquite Club from the Air Port.

There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and Seconded by Commissioner
Smith that the City donate the sum of $100.00 from the Publicity Fund to the Mesquite Club
to help cover the rent due the Club from the land used as an Air Port by the Western Air Ex-
press.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes none.

The matter of closing the prolongation of south Main Street was next brought before the Board.

WHEREAS, at the meeting of this Board held on the 5th day of August, 1926, that portion 

of the prolongation of Main Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

commencing at 286 feet south of the Southeast corner of Main and Garces Street, to the corner
common of Section 3 and 4 Township 21 South, Range 61 EastM.D.B. & M; was by an order of this
Board, declared vacated, the same to take effect upon the construction of the street as out-
lined in the Plat of the South Addition to the City of Las Vegas, along Main Street as de-
signated in said Plat, which Plat was there, and then approved, and

WHEREAS, said Main Street as designated on said Plat of said South Addition, has been
and now is completely constructed, and the same as so constructed is in better condition for
travel, than the road or prolongation of Main Street vacated.,

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following re-
solution was unanimously adopted:

RESOLVED, that Main Street designated upon the Plat of South Addition to the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and as delineated thereon, is hereby declared to be completely
constructed as contemplated by the Order made at the meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of  of Las Vegas held in the 5th day of August, 1926, and be it further
	Resolved, that the road or highway constituting the prolongation of Main Street running

from a point 286 feet south of the Southeast Corner of Main and Garces Street, to the

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE AND WAIVER