adoption of an Ordinance to help remedy the water situation in the City of Las Vegas.

You will govern yourself accordingly.

W.C. German

Mayor Pro Tem.

Las Vegas. Nevada,

July 17th, 1934.

To- W.C. German, Mayor Pro Tem, and to Commissioners

L.L. Arnett, H.P. Marble and Jas. H. Down.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's
office on Tuesday the 17th day of July at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the reading passage and adoption of an Ordinance to help remedy the water sit-
uation in the City of Las Vegas.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

We, the undersigned, being Mayor Pro Tem and acting Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,
and members of the Board	of	City	Commission,	do	hereby	admit	due service	of	the	foregoing

notice	of a special	meeting	on	the	17th	day of	July,	1934 at	the hour	of	seven thirty	(7:30)

o'clock P.M. and also represent that E.W. Cragin, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas is absent
from said City and State and at this time his address is not ascertainable.

W.C. German	L.L.	Arnett

Mayor Pro	Tem	H.P.	Marble,

Jas. H. Down.

City Commissioners.

Minutes of a Special Called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 17th day of July, 1934 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners
Down, Arnett, and Marble, Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, and City Attorney Henderson.

At this time the Board, representatives of the Las Vegas Land and Water Co. and a
number of interested citizens entered into a discussion on the water situation in the City
of Las Vegas as the wells providing the City water system is fast receding.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter the following entitled ordinance was passed
as an emergency measure.

"An Emergency Ordinance to prohibit the waste of water; defining waste of water;
regulating the use thereof; limiting the time during which water may be used for sprinkling
or irrigating, and providing penalties for the violation of this Ordinance, and repealing all
ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first and second time and passed as an
emergency measure on second reading on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and
Down, and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Said ordinance to be in full force and effect from and after its complete pub-
lication in the Las Vegas Review Journal, on July 18th, and 25th, and same to be effective
on and after Aug. 2nd to Sept. 15th 1934 inclusive.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 20th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 20th day of July, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Arnett,

Marble and Down, Deputy City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

Jack Wagner appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the license of the
Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corp. of which he had been one of the members and ask that the
license granted under the application signed by him be cancelled.

The Clerk was directed to write P. Waldman, Manager of said corporation and ask
that he appear before the Board on July 24th and present the names of the member of the
corporation to the Board for their approval.