On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the 16th day of April, 1957, executed by William
M. Clark and Anna Luella Clark, husband and wife; and the deed dated the
30th day of April, 1957, executed by Harley A. King and Evelyn L. King,
husband and wife; and the deed dated the 8th day of May, 1957, executed
by Elda Clark Crane to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes of an alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.



The Commission then considered four deeds for a 20' alley in Block 7 of
Mayfair Tract No. 2 from the following:

1. Ralph and Mary Frances Seward
     2. John B. and Mary M. Hirsch

3.	A. G. Neumeyer

4.	John M. and Nelda Sue Donohue

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the 7th day of May, 1957, executed by Ralph Seward
and Mary Frances Seward, husband and wife; that the deed dated the 6th
day of June, 1957, executed by John B. Hirsch and Mary M. Hirsch, hus-
band and wife; that the deed dated the 7th day of August, 1952, executed
by A. G. Neumeyer; and the deed dated the 11th day of April, 1957, ex-
ecuted by John M. Donohue and Nelda Sue Donohue to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of an alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

* * * *

Consideration was given to the following ten deeds for a 20' alley in
Block 4 of Mayfair Tract No. 2:

1.	Irving Kline

2.	C. E. and Evelyn L. Ronnow

3.	Darryl N. and Patti H. Leavitt
    4. Marguerite A. Gonzales

5.	Joseph and Rosalie Bureski

6.	King J. and Marjorie E. Moore

7.	Robert Julian and Frances M. Moore

8.	Frank McNamee

9.	Ellsworth E. and Helen E. Baker

10.	Walter and Gladys Murphy

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple,
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada, that the deed dated the 11th day of April, 1957, executed by Irving
Kline; that the deed dated the 11th day of April, 1957, executed by C. E.
Ronnow and Evelyn L. Ronnow, husband and wife; that the deed dated the
13th day of April, 1957, executed by Darryl N. Leavitt and Patti H.
Leavitt, husband and wife; that the deed dated the 9th day of May, 1957,
executed by Marguerite A. Gonzales; that the deed dated the 2nd day of
May, 1957, executed by Joseph Bureski and Rosalie Bureski, husband and
wife; that the deed dated the 2nd day of May, 1957, executed by King J.
Moore and Marjorie E. Moore, husband and wife; that the deed dated the
18th day of April, 1957, executed by Robert Julian Moore and Frances M.
Moore, husband and wife; that the deed dated the 9th day of April, 1957,
executed by Frank McNamee; that the deed dated the 23rd day of August,
1957, executed by Ellsworth E. Baker and Helen E. Baker, husband and
wife; and that the deed dated the 14th day of August, 1957, executed by
Walter J. Murphy and Gladys Murphy, husband and wife to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property