On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the Clark County Horsemen's Association be given permission to hold a Rodeo on the race track
at the City Park. It be strictly understood that all proceeds from same be used in improving the
race track and grandstand.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The City Clerk was directed to write and ask that W.R. Bracken, Vice President of the
Las Vegas Land & Water Co. met with the Board of Commissioners at it next meeting in regard to
securing a waiver from the Las Vegas Land and Water Co. which would allow the City to use the
ground given the City of Las Vegas by the Land and Water Go. for other purposes than park purposes.

On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
Ryland Taylor, City Attorney, write the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce a letter approving
its action on the circulation of a petition in the interest of securing the T.W.A. through
Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk drew to the attention of the Beard the fact that the City of Las
"egas would celebrate its Silver anniversary the 16th of March 1936. The Board at once entered
into a discussion of plans for the celebrating of the birthday of the City.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write all past Mayors, Commissioners, Attorneys and Clerks to attend a meeting to
be held that day and to participate in the activities of the day.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Commissioner Marble excused before the motion was made. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 25th day of February, 1936 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 25th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 25th day of February, 1936.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble, Farns-
worth, and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

W.R. Bracken, Vice President of the Las Vegas Land & Water Company appeared before the
Board at this time, at the invitation of the Board of Commissioners and assured them that
the ground given the City of Las Vegas from the Las Vegas land & Water company was being
used as intend, for park purposes only.

ON motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the City sell to one A.J. Mackie Block 5 in South addition to the City of Las
Vegas, and that Ryland Taylor, City Attorney be instructed to draw up the necessary papers
for the transcation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Joe Ronnow, President of the Clark County Horsemen's Ass'N. appeared before the Board at
this time in regard to the securing of materials for the erection of the grandstand and
corrals at the race track at the City Park. He presented to the Board for its consideration
the sealed bids of the Von Tobel Lumber Company, L.A. Woitishek Lumber Co. and the Beam Lumber
Company for the necessary materials for the finishing of the corrals and other buildings.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the necessary materials be purchased from the Von Tobel Lumber Company. Said company being
the low bidder on same in the sum of $480.00, and that said material be charged to the Street
Fund, Park Division.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Chief of Police David Mackey
asking that the license for Frank Lancaster at 109 No. 1st St. for the operation of a tavern
be revoked on the grounds that minors had been allowed to loiter on the premises.

Frank Lancaster appeared before the Board on his own behalf as well as Mr. Underhill of
Underhill Brothers.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commission-
er Marble it was moved and carried that the tavern license of Frank Lancaster be revoked.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Ward passing his vote. Noes, none.