Las Vegas, Nevada
November 6, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this sixth day of 

November, 1944 at the hour of 2.00 o'clock
p.m.:	Meeting called to order by His Honor

Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and Smith; City Attorney, Louis I. Wiener, Jr.;

Chief Deputy City Clerk, Mildred Mastny; City
Manager, Charles C. McCall. Absent:	City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the
meeting held October 26, 1944 be amended to show
Payroll Warrant No. 230 in the sum of $763.30 for
Street Department Employees with the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same; amend the
minutes of the meeting held October 27, 1944 to
show petition of Southern Nevada Industries calling
for the vacation of that portion of Main Street
lying immediately north of Charleston Boulevard.

Minutes otherwise approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the Board approve the

issuance of Warrant No. 231, dated November 2, 1944,
in the amount of $583.65 and ratify the action of
the Mayor, City Clerk, City Manager and City Treasurer
in issuing said warrants before a regular meeting of
the Board of City Commissioners. The reason for said
action was termination of employment of five employees
from the Garbage Department and it was necessary to
pay them immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos.

232 to 241, inclusive, in the sum of $16,301.25 be
approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

  Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	    Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material

WARRANTS	Warrants Nos. 242 to 243 in the sum of $8,601.81 be

approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 

AGREEMENT: KELSO-	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk and Mayor

TURNER TRACT	be authorized to sign the agreement regarding garbage

removal and fees in Kelso-Turner Tract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. 

STATEMENT OF FINANCES	 	Statement of Finances of Auditor read and ordered filed.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS	 	Report of Building Department and Electrical Department

for the month of October read and ordered filed.

 

CLARK COUNTY	 	 Report received from Clark County General Hospital

HOSPITAL	 	regarding V-D cases. (report in City Manager's files).

 

T. W. A. LEASE	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be

authorized to correspond with the T. W.A. relative
to extending their present lease to December 31, 1944
and, in the interim, negotiate for a new lease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.