100

PLUMBER EXAMINATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of Mr. Treem

Passing grades	regarding the passing grade of 75% for persons taking examinations re—

	quired by the Plumbing Code be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple, and His Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

* * * * * see paragraph underneath * * *	*	

	TO: W. H. Elwell, Inc; Freeman Smith; L. V. land & Water Co.;

Theodore & Thornton Werner; C. G. & Charlott Bolinder; A. L.

Arnold; Otto Underhill; R. J. & Eva May Kaltenborn; Jules C.

Benbow & Richard & Edith B. Clough; Richard H. Clough; Nevada
Biltmore Hotel Corp.; and The City of Las Vegas, and to all

SURRENDER OF LEASE

RALPH STOUGHTON	That the roll of special assessment heretofore made by the

Assessor for the purpose of defraying that part of the costs	

           which the Board decided should be paid and borne by Special

Assessment for the installation of complete street lighting
units with parkway cable and steel standards in, over and
along the easterly side of North Main Street from Stewart
Avenue to a point distant one hundred feet north of Bonanza
Road, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost
JOINT PLANNING COMISSION 	heretofore prepared and adopted by the Board of Commissioners

City of Las Vegas, is now on file at my office for

(see underneath)	public inspection. Notice is hereby given that the Board

	and the Assessor of the City of Las Vegas will meet in the

	Council Chamber of the War Memorial Building, at 5th & Stewart

Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 25th day of July 1947, at
the hour of 3:00 P.M. to review said assessment, at which time
and place opportunity will be given all persons interested
to be heard.

Dates this 7th day of July, 1947.

Helen Scott Reed______

City Clerk.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	The following applications for renewals of gaming licenses for

renewals	the third quarter of 1947 were presented to the Board for their

3rd Quarter	consideration:

El Cortez Hotel

Rex Bar
Launderette
Idle Hour

Christies Finer Foods-
Harolds Drive In
Adams Grocery
Shell Service
Nevada Bar
Spudnut Cafe
Johnson Ser. Sta.

Adams Grocery
Malt Shop
Toppers Kitchen
Wilshire Service
Butterly's Cafe
Las Vegas Hardware
Las Vegas Liquor Store
Post Office Coffee Shop
Shangri La Cafe
Golden Nuggett

Mandalay Bar	

Round Up Casino