The Board considered the application of Toy R. Gregory for a use permit
to convert two apartment units into two professional offices on property
located at 1829-31 E. Charleston (Lot 13, Lawrence Love Tract). The
Board of Adjustment recommended this application be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of December, 1955 having
considered the application of Toy R. Gregory for a use permit to con-
struct two apartment units into two professional offices at 1829-1831
E. Charleston; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Toy R. Gregory for a Use Permit to convert two apartment units into two
professional offices at 1829-1831 E. Charleston be and the same hereby
is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The Board considered the application of Louis Miranti for the American
Homes, Inc. for a variance to use a modern trailer as a Real Estate Office
at 4821 W. Washington Street (Lots 7 and 8 Block 3, Las Vegas Square). The
recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was this application be denied
because such use is prohibited by Ordinance No. 307.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of December, 1955, having
considered the application of Louis Miranti for the American Homes, Inc.
for a use permit to use a modem trailer as a Real Estate office at i;821
West Washington Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
denying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that application of Louis
Miranti for the American Homes, Inc. for a use permit to use a modern
trailer as a Real Estate office at 4821 West Washington Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that the alley
behind the Southern Nevada Power Company between 3rd, 4th, Ogden and Stew-
art be made a one-way alley for south bound traffic for sixty days, was
considered by the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Vic Euhling of the Public Works Department recommended that the bond be
released and the improvements accepted in Berkeley Square subject to the
correction of the drainage on one of the fire hydrants and the installa-
tion of a piece of curb return on the northeast corner of F and Freeman
Streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements in Berkeley Square be accepted
and the bond released subject to the conditions recommended by the Public
Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final payment to Longley Construction Com-
pany on the Jefferson Center Recreation Building in the total amount of
$4,599.30 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the deed to D.H. Hand for the realignment of
"N" Street be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from D.H. Hand for the exten-
sion of "N" Street.

On motion made by Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp

and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

12-21-44

USE PERMIT - U-36-33
Toy Gregory

USE PERMIT - U-38-33
Louis Miranti



ONE-WAY ALLEY

BERKELEY SQUARE
Release of Bond

JEFFERSON CENTER
RECREATION BLDG.
Final Payment

"N" STREET
Deed to D.H. Hand

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED 
"N" Street