OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4th, 1939.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 4th day of August 1939 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and City Clerk
and City Attorney.

Minutes of recessed meetings of July 27th and 28th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that warrants Nos. 195 to 204 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
noes, none.

A letter from A.L. Drew, City Electrical Inspector was read to the Board wherein Mr. Drew
ask permission from the Board to attend the meeting of the Electrical Inspecters in San Francisco
August 13th to 17th, 1939 and expenses in the sum of $75.00 be allowed for the trip.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that Mr. Drew be allowed to attend this meeting of the Electrical Inspectors and that the sum of
$75.00 be allowed toward his expenses in making this trip.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Commissioner Ronnow passing his
vote. Mayor Russell voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that an order filed with the Clerk from C.N Butts asking that the City stop payment on the
judgement in the Schultz case until such time as he had received compensation due him from
Roland Wiley attorney in this case be handed City Attorney Austin and that he render a legal
decision on this matter in the near future.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that	eight slot machine licenses be granted Ethel Rapoport and	one	be granted Jack Weisberger.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti	and	His Honor	the Mayor	voting

aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner	Corradetti it	was moved	and car-
ried	that the claim of J.H. Nicolaides in the amount of $50.00	for	over time	worked in	the year

1938 not be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Commissioner Gilbert passing his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the claims of J.H Nicoladies in the sum of $75.00 add Joe Foremaster in the sum of $72.50
covering vacation periods from August let to 15th 1939 be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the report of A.G. Blad, Municipal Judge for the month of July, 1939 be accepted and filed.
and that the same be signed by the mayor.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Sorsensen of the Southern Nevada Packing Co. appeared before the Board at its request
and explained the fees charged for the slaughtering of animals at that plant. It appearing to
the Board that the fees charged were not prohibitive and therefore they were not interested in
these charges feeling that it was beyond the boards jurisdiction.

Mr. Sorsensen protested the payment of an additional mercantile license for the Southern
Nevada Packing Co. Stating that the business was already licensed $25.00 per year for a slaughter
house. Mr. Sorensen was was informed that so long as they sold any merchandise whatsoever they
must pay a mercantile license for the sale of meat and meat products.

Commissioner Ronnow stated this company must adhere to the license ordinance until such
time as the ordinance might be amended .



Mr. Marshall appeared before the Board protesting the granting to  A.L. Riddle a taxi license
and stand. No decision was reached at this time owning to the absence of Mr. Riddle's attorney
this matter being tabled until such time as Mr. Riddle and his attorney should appear before
the Board.

Mayor Russeell at this time changed the position of Commissioner Ronnow and Commissioner
Corradetti on the Board. Mr. Ronnow being placed as Finance Commissioner and Commissioner
Corradetti as Police & Fire Commissioner.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 8th day of August 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed, to meet August 8th, 1939