286

Thereafter it was moved by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commis-
sioner Whipple that the foregoing proposed ordinance be approved on its first
reading.	

The question being upon the approval of said motion the roll call was made with
the following result:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R. Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Nays:	None

Absent:	Commissioner R. T. Baskin

Thereafter Commissioner Moore introduced and moved the adoption of the
following resolution:

RESOLUTION NO. 118	RESOLUTION

	WHEREAS, Emergency Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted by the Board of Com-

missioners of the City of Las Vegas on April 23, 1948, provided for and authorized
the issuance and public sale by the City of Las Vegas of its negotiable coupon bonds
in the aggregate principal amount of $350,000.00 to finance the construction of a
sewage disposal plant; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to said ordinance, said bonds were offered for public
sale on the 27th day of May, 1948; and

WHEREAS, no bids for the purchase of said bonds were received on the 27th
day of May, 1948, or on the subsequent dates to which the sale was from time to
time continued: and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined and does hereby
determine that said bonds should be reoffered at public sale.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA:

(1) That sewage disposal bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the aggregate
principal amount of $350,000.00 shall be sold at public sale to the person or per-
sons offering the best and most advantageous terms to said City. The Mayor and
the City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed to give notice
offering said sewage disposal bonds for sale and calling for bids for the purchase
of said bonds by publishing a notice once a week for four consecutive weeks by
five insertions at weekly intervals in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, the
official newspaper of the City of Las Vegas, and by mailing a copy of such notice
at least three weeks prior to the date fixed for the sale of said bonds to the
State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada, which said notice shall be in sub-
stantially the following form:		________