At this time Mrs. H. Gamer, Mr. Medlock, Mrs. Wheatley, Mr. Smith
and Mr. Kendrick, property owners in the Zaugg Tract, appeared before
the Board requesting that the property in the Zaugg Tract lying between
J and K Streets be rezoned from R-E to R-1.

Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to this request for rezoning
from R-E to R-1 the public hearing he set for July 11, 1951 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin passed his vote. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Gayer Company by M. H.

Vaughn for a license for 1 slot machine at the Wilshire Service
	Station, 1529 South 5th Street for the second quarter of 1951 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

PAYMENTS ON ASSESSMENT Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for partial
DISTRICTS NOS. 100-2              payment of $16,289.55 on Assessment District No. 100-2 and fined
and 100-3	payment of $2,512.88 on Assessment District No. 100-3 be approved and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before the meeting Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn and the next regular meeting be held
Tuesday, May 29, at 3:30 P.M. due to the fact that the regular meeting
day is a legal holiday.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



Las Vegas, Nevada
May 29, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 29th day of
May, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Attorney Howard W. Cannon, City
Manager C. W. Shelley and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

MINUTES	Commissioner Peccole moved the Minutes of May 23, 1951 be approved

by reference with the following correction:

Commissioner Peecole's motion on the rezoning of the Zaugg
Tract from R-E to R-1 should be the rezoning of the entire
Zaugg Tract from J. Street to Highland Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Commissioner Moore passed his vote:

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.

2114 to 2115 inclusive in the total amount of $19,435.55 be approved
	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning

Rezoning Pahor Tract,	of a portion of the N½ of the NW¼ of Section 4, T 21 S, R 61 E, MDB&M

R-A to R-1	known as the Pahor Tract, from R-A to R-1, His Honor read the notice

	of public hearing.



Thereafter His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to
protest this rezoning. There were no objections.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above described property be rezoned from
R-A to R-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning of

Rezoning South Addition              Lots 7,8,9 and 10, Block 14, South Addition from R-3 to R-4, His Honor read
the notice of public hearing.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to
protest this rezoning. There were no objections.