GAMING AND LIQUOR
APPLICATION 
Harry Farnow

TAVERN LICENSE
Tom Panos

RETAIL RESTAURANT BEVERAGE
Gus Corey

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSE
Virginia's Cafe

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSE
Loid M. Wilson

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

PETITION - Southern Nevada
Industries, Ltd.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Harry
Farnow for a tavern license at 121 Fremont and also
for a gaming license, covering one "21" game, one crap,
one roulette at the same address be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Tom
Panos for a tavern license at First and Ogden be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Gus
Cory for a retail restaurant beverage license at Corey’s
Fine Foods, 402 Fremont be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Virginia
Barrett at the Virginia Cafe, 907 E. Fremont for a
Package Liquor License be denied on the grounds that
a package liquor license cannot be granted to a cafe
as it is contrary to policy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Loid
M. Wilson for a package liquor license (miniature) at
504 North Main be granted and the applicant notified
that it cannot be conducted in connection with the
grocery store.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following liquor
licenses be granted:

Commercial Liquor Store	Vic S. Whittlesea	830 So. Main	Sealed Pack.(mina)

Charles Frank	1820	So. 5th	Sealed	Pack.(mina)

Paul R. Gang	419 N. Main	Retail	Pack.

John Anton	1507	S. 5th	Retail	Pack.

T. E. Kirby	1027	S. Main	Sealed	Pack.(mina.)

Al & Lefty'Steak House

(Formerly Mon's lunch)	Alma E. Hubbard	1400 Fremont	Retail Rest. Bev.

Dudley H. Fay	604 So. 5th	Retail Pack.

Chester L. Pate and

Johnny Klyne	416 Bonanza Retail Pack.

Lena Silvagni	APache Hotel, back bar	Retail Tavern

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that in view of the ruling of
the City Attorney relative to the petition dated February
13, 1946, and signed by R. Kaltenborn, Southern Nevada
Industries, Ltd., and R. D. Balcom, requesting that
their names be withdrawn from a certain petition; there-to-
fore filed with the City Clerk and dated October 5, 1944,
requesting the vacation of portions of Main Street and
Charleston Boulevard situated in the City of Las Vegas,
be granted; and that the petition dated October 5, 1944,
be disapproved and rejected and that no further action
be taken thereon, by reason of the following:	That is is

supported by the signature of less than three freeholders
and therefore insufficient in law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark ana carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Corradetti.