26

Petition for Exception, a copy of which is on file in the Office of the Planning Com-
mission.

It is further recommended that your order include the following provisions:

1.	That the building to be constructed on such lot be of Type 1, 2, or 3
construction, in order that it comply with the requirements for Fire
Zone #2.

2.	That said lots be subject only to such commercial use such as a trade,
service or retail establishment, and that the manufacture, processing
or handling of materials or articles usually conducted within an in-
dustrial zone not be permitted.

3.	That any permits or licenses to operate such business be issued under the

same conditions as effects similar businesses in other commercial district	

in the City of Las Vegas.

It is further recommended that in granting this zone exception, recognition can
ultimately be made of similarly zoning adjacent lots to the north and east, including
previous zone exceptions at this location that will permit establishment of a local
community or neighborhood commercial zone.

This petition involving property legally described therein and classified in
Residential Zone #5 was presented to and reviewed by the members of the Joint Planning
Commission on February 19, 1947.

 After consideration of all factual data before the Commission, It was determined
that the exception here recommended under the conditions set forth was consistent with
the intent and purpose of the City Zoning Ordinance.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS —CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

C. G. Petrie

CGP:bd	Planning Engineer

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE	Commissioner Bates moved that Zone Exception Case No. 23 be approved

NO. 23		for limited or light commercial use.

Mrs. Helms

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting	

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

WHITE CHRISTMAS 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Comptroller be authorized

EXPENSES		to pay $115.95 of the unpaid invoices for White Christmas out of

the Recreation fund.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
bote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT 	A letter	dated February 21, from Dr. Franz A. Maroshek, health

	Officer,	relative to numerous complaints against chicken units in

the City	and the suggestion that an ordinance be adopted for the

elimination of poultry, rabbit and dog kennels, was read to the
Board at this time. Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that
Dr. Maroshek be notified that the complaint should be filed with
the City Attorney as the City comtemplates an ordinance along these
lines, in the future and it is their desire to get these matters
all together so as to cut down the expense of passing several
ordinances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following	

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

NEVADA OUTDOOR	 Commissioner Bates moved that the agreement with the Nevada OUT-
ADVERTISING COMPANY	{	door Advertising Company, dated as of January 1, 1947, relative

Agreement		to advertising space on city owned property,	next to Grace Hayes

Lodge on Highway 91 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

KEN BENTLEY CASE		Commissioner Bates moved that Mayor and City	Clerk be authorized

No. 34446		to sign the bond in the Ken Bentley Case No.	34446.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

FRONTIER DELICATESSEN	Commissioner Bates moved that the Frontier Delicatessen 115 Fremont

Restaurant Bev. Lic. 	Street operated by Morton Goldring, be granted a Restaurant Beverage

License.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Buskin.