ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of Special meeting.

John L. Russell	A Corradetti	Joe S Ronnow	Herb Krause

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 25th day of January 1940 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that warrants Nos. 286 and 287 be allowed. That the Claim of Hogan and Westlake be withheld
until the delivery of the Dodge truck purchased through through them. All other equipment being
received.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the claim of Fred Schultz in the sum of $1,525.26 be allowed. This being a partial payment
of a judgement allowed in the Courts of the State of Nevada.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The business being transacted for which the meeting was called said meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY NEVADA,

FEBRUARY 5th, 1940

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of February 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of regular meeting January 4th, recessed regular meeting January 16th and Special
Meeting January 28th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos 295 to 302 inclusive be allowed at this time and that the Mayor and Clerk
sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. A.A. Hinman again appeared before the Board in regard to the City transferring its title
in a certain plot of ground to said A.A. Hinman. This ground had been conveyed to the City by
Mr. Hinman to be used as a golf course or Country Club in the operation of "recreational, social
and educational activities" and Mr. Hinman declaring that the deed had become null and void.

Mr. Austin City Attorney informed the Board that he would prepare the necessary papers where-
by the land would revert to Mr. Hinman with out cost of the suit to the City.

Mayor Russell presented the Board with a letter from the Young Sign Co in Salt Lake City
stating that that company was not liable for radio interference caused by sign sold by said com-
pany in this City.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that Commissioner Krause compile and forward a letter to the Young Sign Company and ascer-
tain if said company would be willing to assist in the elimination of radio interference caused
by signs sold by said company.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bills of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1940 be published turn and turn about for
the twelve months of the year with the Las Vegas Age and the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The renewal of the "fleet insurance policy" of the City of Las Vegas was considered and on
motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that this
policy be renewed in the "St. Paul-Mercury Indemnity Co." Cragin & Pike, local agents, and that
premium be divided equally among all local agents.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report of Municipal Judge Gus Blad be accepted and filed. Fines for the month of January
1940 being $111.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.