21

that the said Bond issue had carried as shown by the official returns now on file in the office

of the City Clerk, It was upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried



ordered that said special sewerage bonds election for for the City of Las Vegas, be declared carried
and the Clerk of this Board is hereby ordered to file and place the returns of said election in full
upon the minutes of this Board.

The vote being cast as follows towit:- McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, von Tobel Mayor protem

aye.

At this time Roy W. Martin of the City of Las Vegas, appeared before the Board asking for a
franchise granting him and his assign the right and privilege to lay and construct a Gas Plant in
through the streets and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. After due consideration upon
the part of the Board it was ordered that the same be laid over untill the next meeting of the
Board. Motion by Mc Govern sec. by Stewart  ad duly carried, the vote being as follows towit.

Mc Govern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, Mayor protem aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn untill next Tuesday October 17th, at 8'oclock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk, Las vegas, Clark County, Nev.

October 17th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon, Peter Buol. Mayor, Commissioners, Coughlin,
McGovern, Stewart, and Von Tobel. Roll called all members answered present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

At this time the question of declaring the office of City Attorney vacant coming on before
the Board, Commissioners von Tobel presented the following resolution towit:- and asked that the
Clerk read the same, the Clerk then proceeded to read the following.

" Whereas, Richard Busteed was heretofore , at a meeting of this Board held June 22nd, 1911.
duly appointed to the Office of City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas at a salary of $25.00 per
month, and ever since has been and is now the acting City Attorney for said City. Whereas, It
Appears to this Board that as such City Attorney, the said Richard Busteed has  been negligent in
the performance of his duties as such City Attorney; and not careful in his advise to this Board
and the officers of said City, and it further appearing to this Beard and the officers of said
City, that it will be to the best interest of this Board and the City of Las Vegas that such
office of City Attorney be declared vacant and the said Richard Busteed removed there-from.

Now therefor:- Be it resolved by this Board that the Office of City Attorney of this

 City of Las Vegas be and is hereby declared vacant, and that the present incumbent, Richard
Busteed be and is hereby removed therefrom.

And be it further Resolved by this Beard, that the City Clerk be and is hereby ordered
and instructed to give immediate notice in writing to the said Richard Busteed of his removal
from said office of City Attorney, and that said Clerk make immediate demand upon said Richard
Busteed to turn over and deliver all property, books and effects of every description in his
possession or under his control and belonging to the City or pertaining to his office , as provided

for in section #38, of the chapter #11 of the City Charter of the City of Las vegas, Nevada.

Be it further resolved:- that the Salary of the said Richard Busteed for the month of
October, 1911. be and the same is hereby directed to be allowed and paid to him in the sum of
$25.00 Dollars and that a warrant for the same be issued and delivered to him there-fore.

At this time the Mayor called Mayor protem Von Tobel, to occupy the Chair and took a

seat in the counsel room, It was then moved by Commissioner Stewart and seconded by Coughlin