Ordinance be laid over for the second reading of the Board; the vote on said resolution be as
follows towit:— Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Harkins voting aye.

The Matter of granting permission to the Mesquite Club of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to use
and occupy for library and club purposes the building situated in block 20 of Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, Clark County Nevada, belonging to said City and heretofore used for County and Municipal
purposes coming on before the Board to be determined, Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded
by Commissioner Griffith the following resolution was adopted, Resolved that permission be and the
same is hereby granted the Mesquite club of Las Vegas, Nevada, to use that certain building, situated
on block 20 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of establishing a
free public library and also as a club room of the Mesquite club. Said permission is granted subject
to the following rules, reservation and restrictions.

(1)	The right to the use of said building shall extend only during the pleasurer of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; and it is distinctly understood that the
said Board may revoke said permission at any time and without notice.

(2)	The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves for the use of the City that
certain room formerly used by the Clerk of Clark County, Nevada, and being the North east room of
said building.

(3)	The said Mesquite club shall make rules and regulations governing the said library ; appoint
a board to manage the same and who shall have charge and control of the building; Said rules and
regulations to be approved by the Board of City Commissioners and said Board appointed to manage the
said library and have charge and control of the building, must meet the approval of the said Board
of City Commissioners.

(4)	The City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall not be held liable for any debts incurred by the said
manageing board to be appointed hereinafter , nor for any repairs, alternations or changes made
upon the building.

(5)	No alternations, or changes shall be made in the building without first having obtained the
written consent of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith , aye,
Sullivan , aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the deed to said City for three acres of land
below the sceptic tank in said City to be used for dumping ground purposes whereupon it appearing
to the satisfaction of the Board upon the approval of the City Attorney that said deed and title
to said ground is clear it was upon motion of commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner
Griffith and duly carried ordered that said deed be accepted and the City Clerk is hereby is
instructed to have said deed placed on record to draw his warrant in favor of said Las Vegas land
and water Company for the sum of $ 75.00 as payment for said tract of land. the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan
aye and his honor the Mayer W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The next business considered by the Board was the calling of an election to be held for the
purpose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners. Thereupon after a discussion of the matter, and
upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the following Resolution
was duly adopted viz:- Resolved, that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held
at the City Hall in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on the 4th day of May, 1915, for the
election of a Mayer and four Commissioners; that the polls be opened at 8 o'clock A.M. and close at 6' 'clock
.M. on said day, and that Geo. Swadner , William Lauberheimer and Frank Doherty be and they are hereby
appointed as Inspector of said election to conduct the same in accordance with laws of the State of
Nevada governing elections.

Be it further resolved, that no candidate for office at such election shall be entitled to have