Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 6083 to 6557 in the net
amount of $60,117.22 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 4234 to 44ll
inclusive in the total amount of $105,465.53 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of September 7, 8 and 9, 1955 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy stated that he had a request from the owners of the new
building on 1st and Fremont that they be allowed to use the sidewalk and street
way on 1st and Fremont. They will leave a 7 foot walk on Fremont and a 5 foot
walk on 1st Street. They also request permission to put in a sidewalk elevator,
or freight elevator, into the basement of the building, back toward the alley.

The Commission indicated this request should be granted but that further applica-
tions be handled by the Building Department so long as they conform to the policy
that the construction extend no further than 7 feet on Fremont and 8 feet on the
side streets.

City Manager Kennedy said that he had a request from Chief of Police George Allen
to attend the Police Conference in Philadelphia from October 2nd to 6th, 1955.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Chief of Police George Allen be granted permission
to attend the police conference in Philadelphia from October 2nd to 6th, 1955, and
expenses of $330.00 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had received a bid of $200.00 from Mr. W. P. McCreary
and Mr. Claude Crow to tear down and move the Wildcat Lair Building. He also had
a request from the School Board that no action be taken on moving this building
until a meeting of a full school board could be held.

He further stated that he received a letter from the Catholic Church stating that
they would like to move the building to North Las Vegas for use of their parish
there.

Mr. Kennedy stated that it was his recommendation that the building should be tom
down or moved out of the city.

Mr. McCreary said that he and Mr. Crow would withdraw their bid of $200.00 for
moving the Wildcat Lair Building after 30 days.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this matter be held in abeyance until the next
Board meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy said that the county assessor has been given a number of
city maps. He asked the decision of the Board as to whether the maps should be
sold or given to the county assessor.

It was the decision of the Board that the county assessor be given the maps.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that the municipal judge's salary be increased to $500.00
a month. He stated that this amount has been covered in the budget.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the municipal judge's salary be increased to $500.00
a month effective October 1, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy stated that at the intersection of 25th, Fremont and Charles-
ton, the contractor who was putting in traffic signals for the State Highway De-
partment offered to put in conduits for street lights. This would cost the city
about $2,500.00, or approximately half what it would cost if it is installed at
a future date.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and that $2,500.00 be allocated for the installation of conduits for street
lights at the intersection of 25th, Fremont and Charleston.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL

WARRANTS



MINUTES

SIDEWALK USE

1st & Fremont Building

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE
Police Chief

WILDCAT LAIR BUILDING
	Moving

CITY MAPS

County Assessor

MUNICIPAL JUDGE

Salary Increase

STREET LIGHT CONDUITS
	25th, Fremont and
Charleston