FIRST STREET from Garces Avenue to the Police Station; SECOND
THIRD and FOURTH STREETS from Garces Avenue to the South boundary
of Stewart Avenue; SIXTH and SEVENTH STREETS from Clark Avenue
to the South boundary of Stewart Avenue; EIGHTH STREET from the
North boundary of Bridger Avenue to the South boundary of Stewart
Avenue; OGDEN AVENUE from Main Street to Fifth Street and from
Fifth Street to Eighth Street; FREMONT STREET from Main Street
to Fifth Street and from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; CARSON
AVENUE from Main Street to Fifth Street and from Fifth Street
to Eighth Street; BRIDGER AVENUE from Main Street to Fifth Street
and from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; LEWIS AVENUE from Main
Street to Fourth Street and from Fifth Street to Seventh Street;
CLARK AVENUE from Main Street to Fourth Street and from Fifth
Street to Seventh Street; BONNEVILLE AVENUE from Main Street to
Fourth Street and GARCES AVENUE from Main Street to Fourth Street.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is pro-
posed to create shall be designated Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-27 and it shall include all the lots, premises and property, to
the full depth of such fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams
and plans of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates
of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and
examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will
meet at the City Hall in said City on Monday, the 12th day of April, 1954,
at the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M., to hear and consider any suggestions and
objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improve-
ments or any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improve-
ments or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office
of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing
of said estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examina-
tion of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the improvement
and of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will
meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties
in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by
publication for at least once a week for two successive weeks in the Las
Vegas Morning Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas,
and by posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed
work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, order, resolutions and ordinances
or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances inconflict with
this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned, or be held
invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining
provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to
the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so
held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity
of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or
more instances, shall not affect or prejudice in any the applicability and
validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the
City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of
the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise
funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an
emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be
published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Morning Sun, a daily news-
paper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective
immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 31st day of March, 1954.

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing
ordinance. The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the
roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Those voting aye; none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordi-
nance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner
Bunker that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended
the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and
the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage
and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of
the rules, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting

aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp. Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced
and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner
Bunker seconded the motion and the question being upon its passage, the