"An Ordinance Authorizing The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, to Borrow Forty Three Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy Eight
Dollars and Eighty-eight Cents to Cover Certain Unpaid Assessments Heretofore
Levied and Confirmed By The Board Of Commissioners Of The City Of Las Vegas For
The Purpose Of Paying For The Work Of Making Improvements In The City Of Las
Vegas, By Constructing Oil Bound Gravel Pavements And Hydraulic Cement Concrete
Curbs On Certain Streets And Portions Of Streets In Said City, To-Wit, - On First
Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Ogden Street,

Carson Street, Bridger Street and Fremont Street, To Issue And Sell The Bonds
Of The City Of Las Vegas Therefor, Said Bonds To Be Known As "Las Vegas Special
1929 Pavement And Curb Street Improvement Bonds", And Providing For The Collection
Of Said Unpaid Assessments By Dividing The Same Into Ten (10) Annual Installments
And Placing Said Installments On The Tax Roll Of Clark County And Collecting Same
In The Same Manner As State And County Taxes Are Collected By Law"

was read for the second time, and upon motion duly made, and seconded, was duly passed, approved

and adopted, and FURTHER ORDERED that said ordinance be numbered 134, and that said Ordinance

be published in the "LAS VEGAS AGE", a tri-weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, County of 

Clark, for a period of one week. Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. B.

Mundy, Roy Neagle, O. J. Smith, W. C. German and His Honor, the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting

aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing at this time a recess was declared until Monday, March 11,
1929, at the hour of 7:30 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 11th, 1929

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of March, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty P. -A.

PRESENT:	W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem; Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle, together

with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioner O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem.

At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for the General City Election, to be
held on May 7th 1929, for the purpose of electing two commissioners and a city clerk for the
City of Las Vegas. Upon motion by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, the
following preamble and resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS under the provisions. of Section 3 of Chapter I, of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada in the year 1927, a
General City Election must be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in every odd
numbered year from and after the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1913, and it
appearing therefrom that such General City Election, for said City of Las Vegas, must be held on
the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1929, to-wit: On the 7th day of May, 1929,
and it further appearing that preparation for such election should be made at this time;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that a General City Election be, and the same is hereby
ordered to be held in said City of Las Vegas on said 7th day of May, 1929, at the time and for
the purposes aforesaid, at the places hereinafter set forth;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of Section 3
of Chapter II of said charter of said City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1923, said City of Las Vegas
be, and it hereby is, divided into five election precincts as follows, to-wit: Precinct No. 1,
which shall extend from the center line of Ogden Street south to center line of Carson Street, and
west from the center line of Fifth Street to the west city limits; Precinct No. 2, which shall

extend south from the center line of Carson Street to the center line of Clark Street, and