193

(Facsimile Signature
Mayor

(Facsimile Signature)
City Treasurer

(Facsimile Signature
City Clerk

insert as amount of coupon for bond in denomination of $510.10.)

..(Insert as amount of coupon for bond in denomination of $1,000.00.)

....( Insert in all coupons (Except No. 1 ) maturing on and after one year from date on each bond.)

Section 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas
shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase price. The funds realized
from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to defray the cost ana expense of making said improve-
ments, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application by said
City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are, authorized and
directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the
execution of such certificates as may reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter
alia, to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the amounts
certified on the assessment roll together with the amount of cash payments, the accuracy of property
descriptions, the receipt of the assignable certificates and the delivery of the bonds, and the absence
of litigation pending or threatened affecting the validity of the bonds.

Section 7. That after said sanitary sewer improvement bonds are issued, this ordinance shall be
and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest thereon shall be fully paid, certified and
discharged, as herein provided.

Section 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealeer shall not be construed to revive any ordinance
nor resolution, or part thereof, heretofore repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate
the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific
sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one
or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this
ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the sewers of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to
raise funds to install said sewers, therefore it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks Immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said
City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 19th day of November, 1952.

Mayor

(seal)

Attest:

Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk



BY ________________________________

Chief Deputy City Clerk

Commissioner Peccole then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being upon
the adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye"; Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay”: None
Absent:	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Peccole, that all rules of this
Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this