said City; that such deed of reconveyance may be made, as aforesaid, either in conjunction with a deed
executed by the County of Clark or separately; that in such deed of re-conveyance the right shall be
specifically reserved to said City, either separately or in conjunction with the said County of Clark,
to remove the improvements from said public park within ninety days from the date of such deed, so
executed by and on behalf of said City .

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith 

and his honor, the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye; Noes, none

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner W.H. Elwell seconded by Commissioner

the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, by Resolution duly adopted at this meeting, held on the 16th of February, 1927. the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have authorized the Mayor and City Clerk to execute
and deliver to Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, a deed of re-conveyance of what was
denominated therein as "Public Park," the premises embraced therein being more particularly described

in said Resolution, to	 which reference is hereby had and made, and

Whereas, it is deemed necessary in order to protect the rights and interests of the City of Las
Vegas and its citizens that further provision should be made with respect to the delivery of said deed
of re-conveyance as hereinafter set forth, and

Whereas, one of the principal considerations for the making and delivery of said deed of recon-
veyance was and is the assurance that the said tourist hotel and adjuncts will be completed and put
in operation as provided in the said agreement between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said
A. L. Richmond, and it is also now considered and was considered in the adoption of said Resolution

at this meeting, as aforesaid, that provision should be made for the re-conveyance to said City of

said public park in the event the said proposed agreement is executed and delivered by and between
said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond, and said A. L. Richmond shall fail to
execute and deliver the $50,000 indemnity bonds provided for in said agreement, and further that in
the event said bonds are executed and delivered as required in said agreement, said City of Las Vegas
should have a reasonable share of the net proceeds derived from said indemnity bonds in the event
of their successful enforcement upon a breach of the conditions thereof.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that as a further condition precedent to the delivery of said deed
of re-conveyance by said Mayor and City Clerk they shall on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, under
the hand of said Mayor, attested by said City Clerk under the seal of said City enter into an agree-
ment with said Las Vegas Land & Water Company upon the following conditions:

1.	That in the event said A. L. Richmond shall within the period of ninety days, provided for

in said agreement, fail, neglect or refuse to deliver the said two $50,000 indemnity bonds therein
provided for, and said deed of re-conveyance shall have passed to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company,
then and in that event the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company shall re-convey said Public Park to

the City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

2.	That in the event said bonds are executed and delivered, as aforesaid, and in the event a
breach of the conditions of said bonds is made by said A. L. Richmond, giving rise to a cause of
action upon said bonds by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, then and in that event one-sixth of
the net amount recovered in any suit upon said bonds shall be, upon its recovery by said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company paid to said City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse, Aye. Noes, None.

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into in duplicate this 16th day of February, A.D., 1927, by
and between Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue

of the laws of the State of Nevada, with its principal office and place of business at the City of

Las Vegas, said state, the party of the first part, and the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation
of the State of Nevada, the party of the second part, WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the said party of the second part, on this 16th day of February, A. D., 1927, at an
adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, duly adopted
these two certain Resolutions which are attached hereto, marked respectively Exhibits "A" and "B" and
made a part hereof, and

WHEREAS, the said agreement between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond,
as mentioned in said Resolutions, Exhibits "A" and "B" was heretofore, on the 9th day of February, 1927
entered into between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond, a copy of which said
agreement, so entered into between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond is at-
tached hereto and made a part hereof, marked "Exhibit C."

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and under and by virtue of the terms of said
Resolutions, Exhibits "A" and "B" aforesaid, it is hereby mutually agreed between the parties hereto,
as follows, to-wit:

1.	That if the said A. L. Richmond shall within ninety days from the date of the execution and
delivery of said agreement, "Exhibit C." namely, within ninety days from February 9, 1927, fail, neg-
lect or refuse to deliver to the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company the said indemnity bonds in the
penal sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) each, as provided for in said agreement, "Exhibit C."
and said deed of reconveyance shall have passed to the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company from said
City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark to the public park mentioned in said Resolutions, Exhibits
"A" and "B", then and in that event the party of the second part herein shall, upon the request of said
City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners, re-convey said Public Park
and the whole thereof to said City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

2.	That if said bonds of Fifty Thousand Dollars each are executed and delivered to said second
party herein, as provided in said agreement, "Exhibit C," and in the event of a breach of the conditions
of said bonds by the said L. Richmond, or his assigns, giving rise to a cause of action on said bonds
by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, then and in that event one-sixth of the net amount recovered in
any suit upon said bonds shall be, upon its recovery by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, paid to
said City of Las Vegas.

3.	Within ten days after the execution and delivery of said bonds of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) each to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a full, true and correct copy thereof, as executed
shall be delivered to said City of Las Vegas by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, certified by the
Secretary of said Las Vegas Land & Water Company to be correct copies.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said party of the first part, acting through its_______________________

and ___________________, thereunto duly authorized, and said party of the second part, acting by and

through its Mayor and City Clerk, thereunto duly authorized, have hereunto set their respective
corporate names and seals the day and year in this agreement first above written.

LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER COMPANY