vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bids received on furniture for the new city Hall

be laid over until the 11th of February to allow the auditor, purchasing agent and finance
commissioner to make an abstract of them. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the municipal Judge's report, with check attached in the
sum of $1,141.50, for the month of January, 1942, be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of Steve Lovett for the refund of his $100

cash bond, heretofore deposited with the city as a plumbing contractor, be refunded. Motion-

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign the deed reconveying



certain described property back to C. G. Ronnow, said property having been deeded to the city

for a golf course which was abandoned. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a Resolution regulating music in taverns be adopted.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Clark moved that the supplemental agreement No. 1. Contract No. W-766-
qm-5336 Flexible Gunnery School be signed by the Mayor and Clerk. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED: That the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is hereby

authorized and directed on behalf of the city of Las Vegas, to execute and deliver to the

Government that certain lease dated the 1st day of July, 1941, and by reference incorporated

herein and made a part of this Resolution, said lease covering the following described

situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada

All of SE¼ of	NW¼ of Sec. 3; all of	SW¼ of NW¼ of Sec. 3; all of	SE¼ of NE¼ of	Sec. 4; all

of NW¼ of SW¼	of Sec. 3; all of NW½	of NE¼ of the SW¼ of Sec. 3;	all of N"½ of	SW¼

of the SW¼ of	Sec. 3; All contained	in Township 20 S; Range 62E,	Fifth Standard

Parallel South, Mt. Diablo Base & Meridian, containing 200 acres	more or less;	said

lands being shown by shaded area on may attached hereto and made a part hereof,
except that portion hereinafter described as follows:

That part of the E½ of the SW¼ of Section 34 Township 19, Range 62, is subdivided
as North Las Vegas Heights and the south thirty (30) feet of said subdivision has
been dedicated as second avenue.

It was moved by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Tinch that the

foregoing resolution be adopted; whereupon a vote held with the following result: Commissioners

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Whereupon the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison, declared the resolution duly passed and adopted.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance authorizing blackouts and air raid protection

measures, orders, rules and regulations, and providing a penalty for the violation thereof,"

was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption of said



Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the disposal plant be refloored at a cost of $39.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,