Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final
passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an
emergency ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion. The question being upon the
passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye”:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

	Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in favor there-
of, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency
ordinance.

PUBLIC HEARING	No action was taken on the public hearing on the rezoning of a portion of the Boulder 

Rezoning 	Addition since it was found that the notice had been published incorrectly.

Boulder Addition

PUBLIC HEARING         Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the rezoning of Charleston Village be 
CONTINUED 	continued until June 18, 1952.

Charleston Village

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

GOLDFIELD CLUB-	Mr. Edward Moss and Mr. Norman Khoury appeared before the Board at this time concerning the

Liquor License	liquor license for the Goldfield Club, now operating as the Club Savoy. Discussion was held,

	but action on this matter was held in abeyance until June 27, 1952.

KATYDID BAR-	Mr. Irving Gelsin and Mr George Norris appeared before the Board at this time concerning the

Liquor License	liquor license for the Katydid Bar. Discussion was held on the request of Mr. Sam Stearns

	to have his name deleted from the license and the request of Mr. Norris to have Mr. Gelsin's

name added to the license.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved these requests be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote.
Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

HOUSING COMMISSIONER  Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Harry Levy be appointed as Commissioner of the Housing
Appointment	Authority of the City of Las Vegas for a four year term commencing June 6, 1952; to fill the

	expired term of Paul McDermott.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jar-

rett.

DETECTIVE APPLICATION Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the unfavorable report of the Police Department
Denied	the application of James Casler for a detective agency be denied.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Jarrett.

USE PERMIT APPLICATION The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of William J. Graves
William Graves	for Use Permit to operate a trailer court on 12th and Stewart, was presented at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, on the 29th day of April, 1952, William J. Graves filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit	to operate and maintain a	trailer

court on 12th and Stewart Avenue, legally described as	Lots 9, 10, and 11, 	Block 	6 of the

Fairview Addition; and

WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for Use Permit, at which time objections were made protesting the granting
of said permit; and

WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny such 
application on the ground that this use would be detrimental to surrounding property owners
and a trailer court is generally depreciating upon surrounding properties, and inasmuch as
the neighborhood is generally residential in character; and

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that William J. Graves application for a Use Permit to allow the operation and maintenance of
a trailer court on 12th and Stewart Avenue be and the same hereby is denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on Mr. Graves' appeal of the decision of the
Planning Commission be held July 2, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner