$25.00 a day when they could hire a girl for $15.00? It isn't your ability anymore it is a
matter of who you know. In a lot of families in Reno both husband and wife are working. I
left my home in Reno and came down to Las Vegas so I could earn a living; and it would be
best to stop the influx of women dealers before it starts.

Commissioner Bunker:	The City Clerk has a resolution which I request that he read.

The City Clerk read the following resolution in full:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS; the Board of Commissioners has the delegated power under the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas to regulate or prohibit and suppress gaming houses and gambling; and

WHEREAS; there appears to be the possibility of women being employed in gambling
clubs as dealers; and

WHEREAS; the employment of women as dealers in gambling houses is contrary to the
best interests of the City of Las Vegas and its citizens because such activity on the part
of women creates bad publicity for the area and tends to induce certain people to gamble
who would not otherwise; and

WHEREAS; from a consideration of all the facts as to the employment or nonemployment 
of women; the Board feels that it is in the public interest and for the general
welfare; protection of public safety; and for the protection of public morals that women
be prevented from engaging in the occupation of dealers within the gambling houses and clubs
of the City of Las Vegas.

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of November; 1958 that it be declared 
as the policy of said Board that no women be employed as "dealers"; as such term
is commonly understood in gambling circles; within the gambling clubs and houses of the
City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this prohibition is not deemed to apply to shills;
check rackers; change girls; cocktail waitresses; and bingo games.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this expression of policy of the Board be communicated
to every gambling club operator within the City of Las Vegas.

PASSED; ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of November; 1958.

/s/ REED WHIPPLE_______________

Mayor Pro Tem

ATTEST:

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS_______________

Acting City Clerk

Commissioner Bunker moved that this resolution be adopted and that the Mayor Pro Tem and
City Clerk be authorized to sign the Resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes; none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple qualified his vote with the statement that in his opinion major policy
matters always have been and should be adopted with a full Board present and he thinks that
is true in this case; however; in view of the circumstances; he would cast his vote.

BID NO. 58.34	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.34 for the furnishing of all

Painting Exterior of	labor; equipment; materials; transportation and services for the complete exterior painting

City Hall and Police	of City Hall and City Police Station Buildings; more fully described in the specifications for

Station	said project; bids were received from the following firms:

Referred to	Antonsen Painting Co. Inc.

Public Works	City Hall............. $ 2,908.00

Police Station........ 1,547.00

$ 4, 455.00

Sharpe's Painting Contractors

City Hall............. $ 3,643.00

Police Station........ 2,221.00

$ 5,864.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director of
Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes; none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:40 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

VARIANCE (V-15-58)	The Commission considered the application of the 20th Century Coal Company for a variance to

20th Century Coal Co.	operate and maintain a hospital and rest home at 1500 Bryant; north of West Owens; legally

described as the NW¼, SW¼; SW¼; Section 21; T20S; R61E; in an R-E zone.

Denied

Denial recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment on the basis that a variance is not
intended to be used to permit a use which is not permitted by the zoning ordinance; and
furthermore; the matter of hospitals and rest homes in residential zones is under study by

11-5-58