Mr. Bills further explained the background of the Board of Adjustment's recommendation
that a Use Permit be granted. He reported that if the setback of ten feet was main-
tained and the other conditions met, that the proposed structure would be in keeping
with the neighborhood, in that it would have the outward appearance of an apartment
house, with ample parking facilities in the rear. He stated that the Board of Ad-
justment was in sympathy with the feelings of the residential property owners, but
it was felt that this property was adjacent to apartment houses and multiple dwel-
ling units, and in addition was very close to the commercial development on South 5th
Street.

Mayor Baker advised the Commission there were two additional petitions of protest
filed on this application since the last meeting, and asked if any of the protestants
wished to bring up any matter that had not previously been considered.

Mr. W.J. Barnes, property owner in the area and one of the protestants, stated that
since the meeting of June 19th he had personally contacted the property owners on
Santa Clara, Santa Rita and Santa Rosa, and could not find a single person that was
in favor of this proposed project. He advised the Commission that he had viewed
the plans and talked with the Doctors, but would still like to object to the con-
struction of a professional building at this location.

Dr. Sanner appeared at this time and reported that they had contacted a number of
those who had signed the original petition of protest and after viewing the pro-
posed plans, these protestants stated they had no objection.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that in view of the possibility there might be
atie vote on this application, that the matter be deferred until there is a full
Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mayor Baker announced that if anyone wished to file additional information on this
application, that it be submitted to the City Clerk.

The protestants were advised that they would be notified when the Commission would
again consider this application by news items in the newspapers and personal con-
tact with their spokesman, Mr. W.J. Barnes.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.29 for a maintenance
contract on City Pumps for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June
30, 1958, proposals were received from the following firms:

ALLEN & FAILING	$5.00 per service call per pump

EFFINGER DRILLING & PUMP

SERVICE	$660.00 for 12 months

S.R. McKINNEY & SON	990.00 for 12 months

PHELPS PUMP & EQUIP.	396.00 for 12 months

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.30 for furnishing
Pest Control Service to the City for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and
ending June 30, 1958, proposals were received from the following firms:

ACE EXTERMINATING CO.	$834.00 per year

A.G. WILLIAMS EXTERMINATING C0. $1080.00 per year

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of George Harmon for variance to build
within the required rear yard setback to within 12 feet of the rear property line,
on property located at 110 East Bonanza Road (Lot 11, Block 1, Biltmore Addition)
in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission this application had been denied by
the Board of Adjustment on the basis there were no exceptional circumstances shown
to exist in this need for variance.

Discussion was held with the Planning Director concerning whether or not the prop-
erty in this area was actually practically zoned as R-4 and in other instances as
R-1.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the issuance of this variance. There
were no objections voiced or filed with the Commission. Planning Director Bills in-
dicated that there had been no objections filed or voiced at the Board of Adjustment
meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of George Harmon for vari-
ance to build within the rear year setback to within 12 feet of the rear property
line on Lot 11, Block 1, Biltmore Addition, be approved subject to the posting of
a bond, and the following resolutions adopted:

BID NO. 57.29
Pump Maintenance
Contract

Opened

BID NO. 57.30
Pest Control
Service

Opened

VARIANCE V-7-57
George Harmon

Approved