Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none

Absent: Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Longley Construction for partial payment

No. 200-5	on Assessment District No. 200-5 in the total amount of $6,556.09 be approved and the

Partial Payment	Mayor and City Clerk Authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

SAN FRANCISCO ST.
SEWER-Partial Pay-
ment

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of Wells Cargo, Inc. for partial payment on the
San Francisco Street Sewer Project in the total amount of $2,517.21 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried try the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

RELIGIOUS TRAINING
Mrs. Shelbourne

Mrs. I.W. Shelbourne appeared before the Board at this time requesting permission to conduct
religious training in her home. Discussion was held on the matter, and Mrs. Shelbourne was
asked to appear at the next regular meeting and produce information such as the members of
her group, the Board of Trustees and evidence that she is conducting the training in the manner
she purports.

FLOWER SHOW- Request Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Dist Dobbers for use of the auditorium for a
for Use of Auditorium Flower Show in the Spring of 1953 be approved the details and dates to be worked out with
 the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

PAWNSHOP LICENSE
Transfer a.H. Whittaker
Inc.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of A.R. Whittaker to transfer the pawnshop license
of Steel's Jewelry to his name be approved subject to investigation of the Police Department
and the $4.00 dollars license fee deposited be credited to the first and second quarters of

1953.

Motion seconded byCommissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.



RADLICK PARK ESTATES	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Chris Radlick, Radlick Park Estates to

Oakey Blvd, Improvements	participate in the proposed Assessment District No. 100-18 insofar as the improvement

of Oakey Blvd. bordering his tract be approved providing Mr. Radlick pays cash for this
 assessment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

USE PERMIT	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Carius Lortz

Lortz & Myers	and T.G. Myers to construct and maintain a trailer park on Ownes Avenue between Main St.

and the railroad tracks was presented.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

#358

 WHEREAS, on the 22nd day of October, 1952, T.G. Myers and Carus Lorta filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission to establish a Trailer Court to contain twenty (20)
trailers on property located south from Owens Avenue between North Main Street and the railroad
Track; and

WHEREAS, on November 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on
this application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
inasmuch as they felt that this use would not be detrimental to the surrounding property; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on December 3, 1952, recommending
that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that T.G. Myers
and Carus Lortz be granted a Use Permit to establish a Trailer Court to contain Twenty (20) trailers on
property located south from Ownes Avenue between North Main Street and the Railroad Track, be and the
same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker.

VARIANCE APPLICA-
TION

Zelda I. Link

The application and recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on Mrs. Zelda I. Links request
to construct a duplex at 323 North 16th was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution adopted:

#359 WHEREaS, on the 13th day of November, 1952, Zelda Iris Link filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for a variance to build a duplex at 323 North 16th Street in an R-l (Single Family)
Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREaS, on November 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application as they did
not feel that this use would be depreciating to the surrounding properties; and