Commissioner Peccole moved that if the majority of the property owners within a
three hundred foot perimeter of the location of this tavern be secured by the
applicants, that the license granted be put into use, and that it be suspended
from proceeding until this is accomplished.

Commissioner Peccole withdrew this motion.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the area for the circulation of the peti-
tion for the license under consideration be considered the south side of Charles-
ton Boulevard, the middle of South 6th Street and the middle of South 4th Street to a
point in the middle of the street on Franklin Avenue including only the property on
the North side of Franklin, straight on through to the alley between 3rd Street
and 5th Street, and all buildings on the east side of said alley, and all property
on the east side of 4th Street to Charleston Boulevard; and that the liquor license
granted to the applicants be suspended at the location of 1145 South 5th Street
until after the hearing on the aforementioned matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners- Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 51.7 - Truck for	Commissioner Whipple moved that all Bids No. 51.7 received November 21, 1951 for a

Fire Department — Bids	truck for the Fire Department be rejected and the City Manager authorized to ne-

Rejected	gotiate for a truck chassis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by- the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BONANZA ROAD FIRE STATION       Commissioner Bunker moved the invitation to bid on the construction of a Fire Sta-
Advertise for Bids	tion to be located on West Bonanza Road be issued, said bids to be opened on Jan-

	  uary 2, 1952 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	At this time notifications from the City Engineer under date of November 28 and

No. 100-2	December 5, 1951 concerning excessive assessments charged Murray Wollman, Lot 1,

Correction of Assessments	Block 19, Ladd’s Addition and Charles Ronnow Lots 1 and 2, Block 7, Ladd's Addition

for street improvements in Assessment District No. 100-2 due to the fact that credit
	was not given for curb and gutter in place, was presented to the Board for their

	consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the assessments on the following described
property be reduced as follows.

Amt. on Roll	Correct Amt.

Murray Wollman Lot 1, Block 19, Ladds Addn.                               $ 695.77	$ 481.51

Charles Ronnow Lots 1 & 2, Block 7, Ladds Addn.                            317.36	222.46

and the Tax Collector authorized to correct the amount of the assessments accordingly
said difference to be paid out of the City General Fund.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE CAR RENTAL	The proposal of Tanner Motor Tours to furnish Police Cars to the City of Las Vegas

Proposal of Tanner	on a rental basis was presented at this time for consideration.

Motor Tours

Commissioner Whipple recommended that this proposal be accepted subject to the fol-
lowing changes:

1. That the City be allowed the option to purchase the cars being used
in the event of a default on the contract.

2. That the words "endeavor to keep them in a serviceable condition"
be substituted by "condition satisfactory to the City".

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to negotiate
an agreement subject to the above mentioned changes with Tanner Motor Tours for the
furnishing of cars for the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARBAGE CONTRACT	At this time the City Manager recommended that the bid of the Southern Nevada Dis-

posal Service Inc. by Barney L. Barnes on the collection and disposal of garbage
and trash in the city of Las Vegas be accepted.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple. Commissioner Bunker voted aye, Commis-
sioner Jarrett passed his voted and requested discussion on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker withdrew his vote, Commissioner Peccole withdrew
his motion, and Commissioner Whipple withdrew his second.

TAXI APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Tanner Motor Tours Inc. by Dan Smith

Replacements	dba Lucky Cab Co., for 3 taxicabs, replacement vehicles for the fourth quarter of

		1951 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.