His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this proposed
rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation that the above described
property be rezoned from R-E to R-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 52.1 - Seed 	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 52.1 Seed, bids were
received from the following firms:

	Garden Center

Ferry-Morse Seed Co.

Adams Fees Co.

Clark County Wholesale
Germains Inc.

Northrup King & Company

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Comptroller for tabulation and that they be authorized to accept the lowest and best
bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 52.2 -	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 52.2, Fertilizer, bids

Fertilizer	were received from the following firms:

Valley Fertilizer
Clark County Wholesale
Nevada Iron & Metal
Garden Center
Pacific Toro Company
Adams Feed Company

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids received be referred to the City Manager
and Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AUDITING PROPOSALS	At this time proposals from local Certified Public Accountants for auditing and con-

sultation on City Accounts during the year 1952, were received, having been submitted
by the following:

A. W. Blackman
Clarence Hibbs
Conway-Moe & Company

This matter was held in abeyance for further study.

CONTRACTING LICENSE	Mr. Richard Toleno, building contractor, appeared before the Board at this time re-

Richard Toleno	garding certain planning and zoning violations. Mr. Toleno stated that he would

like additional time both on the properties at 2317 and 2321 Santa Clara and 343
	North 10th Street, until his applications for variance have been considered by the

Regional Planning Commission.

Commissioner Jarrett moved action on this matter be deferred until a report is
received from the Regional Planning Commission after their meeting on February
28, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honorvoting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE LEAGUE	Mrs. Florence Lee Jones Cahlan appeared before the Board at this time on behalf

Lease of Land	of the Service League of Las Vegas to request a long term lease of city property

	for the erection of a building on the east side of the Red Cross building.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney for report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BUILDING PERMIT - Fence 	     The matter of the fence of Mr. Lowell T. Brown, 1001 South 2nd Street that had been
Mr.	Lowell T. Brown 			               built in violation to the Building Code and without first securing a building permit

	was presented at this time. Mr. William Hatton, representing Mr. Brown spoke to

the Board. Mr. Harry Hatfield, Building Inspector, also made a report on the matter.

Commissioner Jarrett moved permission be granted to Mr. Brown for this fence and
he be instructed to secure a building permit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Peccole passed his vote.

BUILDING CONDEMNED	Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Building Inspector and the City

George Harris	Manager on the property of George Harris on 4th and Ogden be approved, and this

Property	building be ordered condemned. Further Mr. Harris be given 60 days to remove this

	building.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.