Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for supplies needed in the
Clerk's office. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that $107.60 and $140.75 be paid Cragin & Pike for
full coverage insurance on the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bill of 0. A. Kimball for insurance on the
Airport Administration Building in the sum of $189.00 be allowed. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of L. P. Leavitt for $55 for cleaning
the library be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that two claims in the sums of $12.57 and $3.04 to
the Western Union for services rendered be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the sums of $87.14 and $15.60 be allowed for
the repair of certain fire hydrants. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Harold Case in the sum of $189.64
be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Pacific Desk Company be notified that the

substitution of a wooden map and plan case for a metal one would be satisfactory.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.



A letter from Smart & Final stating that all their business from this date would
be on a cash basis was read and ordered filed.

A letter from the Mining and Milling Machinery Company of Los Angeles, Cal.,

offering to sell 1500 steel poles to the city was read and ordered filed.

Mr. Lang, U. S. Weather Bureau representative appeared before the Board
requesting $50 for wiring.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of Mr. Land be granted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the resignations of the advisory committee
of the golf board be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Passed
Commissioner Tinch.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a letter be written to the Golf Professional
stating that his contract with the city will not be renewed at its termination April
5th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A report of A. F. Smith, Sr., regarding the demand of Howell C. Garrison for his
trip to Carson City on city business was read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Howell C. Garrison not be allowed
until presented in the proper manner. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried