PUNCH BOARD
LICENSING

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
BONDS



GAMING APPLICATION
Little Casino
Alfred J. Quodbach

BID NO. 53.2
Seed Awarded

BID NO 53.3
Fertilizer Awarded

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additionals

CHANGE OF BUSINESS
Name & Operator

inclusive, Block 25; Lots 1 to 16 inclusive, Block 19; all
of Blocks 1, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18,

20	and 21 all in Pioneer Heights addition.

Lots 16 to 20 inclusive, Block 18; and Block F, Wardie Addn.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed rezoning. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
accepted and the above described property be rezoned from R-l, R-2, R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett, member of the committee to recommend on the request to license punch
boards in the City, stated that upon investigation he still was not in favor of allowing
such licensing. Mr. Jarrett stated, as did other members of the Board, that the reason for
not recommending was that he felt that punch boards might become too readily accessible to
minors. Further discussion was held with Mr. Weaver, who originally requested the decision
of the Commission on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that in view of the Committee's recommendation, this
matter be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote:	Absent:

Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett made the following recommendation on the revising of the bond required of
Solicitors, Peddlers and Itinerant Merchants, and like businesses:

1.	That the reinstatement clause to the original amount of the bond,
be deleted from the ordinance.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the City Attorney be instructed to remove the reinstatement clause
and submit the proposed amendment to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the application of Alfred J. Quodbach dba Little Casino, 108-110 North lst Street for
gaming license for 6 slot machines, 1 "21" game, 1 Roulette and 1 Craps for the first quarter of
1953 was presented for consideration by the Board.

Mr. Herbert Jones, representing Mr. Quodbach in his application for license appeared before the Board
and presented character references from various well known people. Mr. Jones requested favorable
consideration of Mr. Quodbach's application for gaming license for the Little Casino, formerly known as
the Silver Club.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Alfred J. Quodbach dba Little Casino, 108-110
North 1st Street for gaming license for 6 Slot Machines, 1	"21" game, 1 Roulette and 1 Craps for the

first quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent. Commissioner Whipple. Commissioner Jarrett passed his
vote.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No. 53.2 for seed be awarded
to the low bidder, Garden Center in the total amount of $1,272.50, be accepted and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No. 53.3 for fertilizer be
awarded to Nevada Iron & Metal in the total amount of $3,891.10 be accepted and so ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The following applications for additional gaming license for the first quarter of 1953, were presented
to the Board for their consideration:

GOLDEN NUGGETT	BY: C.C. King	129 Fremont	1 Crap, 6 Slots

CINNABAR CASINO	BY: James Fare	122 N. 2nd	1 Craps

Commissioner Bunker moved the above listed applications for additional license for the first quarter of
1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole	and carried by	the following vote; Commissioners	Bunker,	Jarrett,

Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,	none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of John Buckley for license for three slot machines at the
Chic'N Box, 2110 South 5th Street for the first quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole	and carried by	the following vote; Commissioners	Bunker,	Jarrett,

Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,	none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.