in and for the City of Las egas, Nevada at a salary of Twenty five dollars per month and he the said
C.D. Breexe to furnish office room for the said sum of twenty five dollars per month, and it is
further ordered that said appointment is to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient Bond in
the sum of One thousand dollars and taking his Oath of office, and the approval of said Bond by the
Mayor of said City of Las egas, Nevada.

The question of retaining J.W. Squires as special police officer for the month of February coming
on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and
duly carried ordered that the said J.W. Squires be and is hereby retained for the month of February
and per arrangements heretofore made by this Board with the said J.W. Squires towit the sum of $40.00
per month.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that the Agreement between the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada the Consolidate power and Telephone Com of said City to furnish lights in said
City had expired, it was ordered and upon motion being duly made it was ordered that this matter be
referred to the Commissioner of Water works Sewerage and Light in said City and that he report back to
this Board ah an adjourned meeting to be held on the 18th of this month, the proposition of the Conso-
lidate Power and Telephone Co with his recommendations attached thereto as said Light Commissioner
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the Mayor of said City that it was
necessary to file a budget for the year 1918, on or before the 19th of February 1918., and that said
making of said budget will require some time it was suggested that when this Board adjourn that they
adjourn to meet on the 18th of February 1918. for the purpose of making up said Budget and taking up
any other matters coming on before the Board effecting the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
Monday February 18th, 1918. at the hour of seven O'clock P.M. of said day for the purpose of consider-
ing any and all matters that may come before it as such Board of City Commissioners.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, February 18th, 1918.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, held on the 18th day of February A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor
with Commissioners Ball, Ullom, and Elwell with the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

The question of filing the vacancy on the Board of City Commissioner created through the
resignation of F.E. Matzdorf coming on before the Board and the Clerk having presented the names of
John F. Miller and C.K. Ingram as applicants for the position it was afire due consideration upon
the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Ullom
and duly carried ordered that John F. Miller be appointed to fill the un-expired term as City
Commissioner in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada upon his taking the Oath of office and filing
his Bond in the sum of One thousand dollars with two sureties on the same, and it was further
ordered by the Board that the  Mayor W.E. Hawkins be and is hereby empowered to approve said Bond.
the vote being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball, aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of erecting lights in and upon the School and High school grounds having
come on before the Board on the 5th of December 1917, and the Board at time having ordered and directed
the Commissioner of Streets and lights to install said lights, and it appearing to the Board
at this time that the cost of the same is greater than the Board thinks should be expended it was