City Attorney Cory requested that the following Resolution he adopted
by the Board:

"RESOLUTION

"WHEREAS, Nevada Revised Statutes 111.360 on the subject of
conveyances to the United States, state, and political subdivisions
requires payment to the County of a proportion of tax assessed against
said parcel of realty to pay all general obligation bonds of the
County; and

"WHEREAS, said Statute is detrimental to the City of Las Vegas
and unnecessary to the welfare of the general public; and

"WHEREAS, said Statute would seriously interfere and hamper
the Urban Renewal Project within this City,

"NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd
day of February, 1960, that this Board unanimously approves and supports
the repeal of Nevada Revised Statutes 111.360 and earnestly requests
and solicits the support of the Clark County Delegation and other
members of the Legislature in their consideration and repeal of the
foregoing statute.

"BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be
forwarded to the Clark County Delegation and other legislators and
state officers of the State of Nevada.

"PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

ATTEST:

/s/ Edwina M. Cole_______

City Clerk

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing Resolution be adopted, as
recommended by City Attorney Cory.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Cory recommended adoption of the following Resolution:

"RESOLUTION

"WHEREAS, the Flood Control Board of Clark County, Nevada, has
prepared for introduction to the Legislature of Nevada an amendment
to the present Flood Control Legislation within the State; and

"WHEREAS, said legislation would facilitate the financing of
Flood Control Works and the cost of planning, engineering, administration
and acquisition of easements; and

"WHEREAS, the proposed legislation would permit the use of
state funds; and

"WHEREAS, such legislation is of vital concern to the residents
of the City of Las Vegas, as well as the surrounding area,

"NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd.
day of February, 1960, that this Board unanimously approves and supports
the said legislation to be introduced in this Session by the Flood
Control Board of Clark County, Nevada, and earnestly requests and
solicits the support of the Clark County Delegation and other members
of the Legislature in supporting the same,

"BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be
forwarded to the Clark County Delegation and other state officials
of the State of Nevada.

"PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

2-3-60

FLOOD CONTROL
Resolution Adopted

/s/ Edwina M. Cole
City Clerk"

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
Mayor

N.R.S. 111.360

Resolution Requesting Repeal
Adopted

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
Mayor