Las Vegas, Nevada
October 21, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 21st day of October, 1955, was called to order
at the hour of 4:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the fol-
lowing members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Ass't. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Sharp moved that Raymond Salmon, owner and operator of the Bonanza
Bar, 4l8 West Bonanza, be instructed to appear at the next regular meeting of
the Commission on November 2, 1955 to show cause why his liquor license should
not be revoked for alleged sale of liquor to minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Discussion was held on the applications of the Golden Gate Club for liquor

and gaming licenses. No action was taken by the Commission on these applications

at this time.

At this time Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney, arrived at the meeting.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy advised the Commission that post cards had been sent
to residents requesting their comments on billing sewer rental fees by the year.

Mr. Kennedy stated that out of 7,000 cards sent, 4,000 had returned and 53.6%
of those that returned were in favor of annual billing. Mr. Kennedy requested
permission to bill yearly as of the 1st quarter of 1956. The Commission granted
this permission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Building Department be instructed to issue a permit
to Mr. Norton to construct a building on Washington Avenue and North Main Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-
ments in Assessment District No. 100-36 will be opened on December 7, 1955:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 665, passed, adopted and approved this 21st day of September, 1955;
and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings hereto-
fore taken to construct said improvements by special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of October, 1955;
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for
furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service for installing a sani-
tary sewer in and along certain streets and alleys and portions of streets and
alleys and easements in Special Assessment District No. 100-36, as created by
Emergency Ordinance No. 665, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the receipt
of bids for said construction by publication on October 31; November 7 and November
14, 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said con-
struction will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Wednesday, the 16th day of November,
1955; at which time said bids will be opened.

LIQUOR LICENSE
Bonanza Bar

LIQUOR & GAMING
Golden Gate

SEWER RENTAL BILLING

BUILDING PERMIT

Norton



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Construction Bids