Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public
Works and City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tam Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SOLICITORS & PEDDLERS 	At this time Mr. Frank Rudy and Mr. William Murphy of the Crown Wholesale Produce

appeared before the Commission concerning unfair competition in the wholesale grocer 
and produce business.

Mr. Rudy explained that trucks are coming into Las Vegas and Clark County from out
of state, setting up on private property and selling fruits and vegetables that
are in season. He stated that the established firms cannot possibly compete with
these individuals even if they are required to secure a peddlers or solicitors
license. Mr. Rudy further advised that the Agricultural Department has been contacted 
in this regard, but this department advised that they are understaffed
and do not have sufficient employees to enforce the laws which require inspection
of all these trucks.

Supervisor of License and Revenue Jean Dutton explained the minimum requirements
for securing a peddler or solicitors license and stated that the biggest problem
was locating these out-of-state trucks or solicitors before they have left town.

Messrs. Rudy and Murphy were requested to discuss this problem with the City Attorney's 
office to see if a solution to this problem can be obtained.

GAMING APPLICATION	City Manager Kennedy reported that a meeting had been held with the members of	

Additional	the MarKay Corporation who operate the El Morocco Club relative to the operation

of this establishment. He explained that this group had been advised that only
El Morocco Club	the corporation can operate gaming devices at this location and in the event

of an infraction of rules, ordinances or Commission policy it will be recommended
that their license be revoked. Mr. Kennedy recommended that the application for
an additional "21" game be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the El Morocco Club, 1332 North
"E" Street for a gaming license for one "21" game be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGE	The Commission considered the claim of Lee Sperlock for damage to trees and shrubs

Lee Sperlock	at 618 F Street, reportedly caused by the Fire Department burning an abandoned

Approved	building adjacent to his property, said claim being in the amount of $35.00.

City Manager Kennedy explained that the insurance adjuster has advised that there
is a liability on the part of the City, but since our insurance policy has a
$100.00 deductible clause, this claim if approved will have to be paid by the
City.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Claim for Damage filed by Lee Sperlock in the
amount of $35.00 be approved, and the warrant for payment of this claim authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Rabbi Bernard Cohen	Consideration was given to the claim for damage filed by Rabbi Bernard Cohen for

Denied	injuries received in a fall on the sidewalk on the south side of Bridger Avenue

between 3rd and 4th Streets in the amount of $50,000.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Rabbi Bernard Cohen in the amount of
$50,000.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 22476 through 23044 in the

net amount of $76,143.58 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1619 through

WARRANTS	1772 in the total amount of $97,777 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Bus Licenses	amendment to the license ordinance concerning license fees for busses requested

additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Electrical Code 	Electrical Code ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Taxicabs	amendment to the Taxicab Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

ORDINANCE NO. 766	Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Liquor	amendment to the liquor ordinance reported favorable on this ordinance as prepared,

with the following amendment:

6-4-58