534	
USE PERMIT First Baptist Church Palomino Lane Public Hearing Set U-68-53	The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the appli- cation of the First Baptist Church to construct a church and parsonage on the north side of Palomino between Campbell Drive and Shetland Road be approved, was presented at this time.  There was also filed with the Board a protest of the granting of this Use Permit, signed by Robert L. Iverson, Bert C. Failing Roy Flippin, G. J. Woods, Jr., W. H. Belland Harold L. Boyer, property owners in the vicinity.  Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved a public hearing be held on this appliation of the First Baptist Church for a Use Permit to construct a church and parsonage on Palomino Lane on December 16, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the follow- ing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
USE PERMIT Cary & Marie Butler Approved U-67-53	At this time the recommendation of the City Planning Commission approving the application of Cary & Marie Butler for a use permit to conduct a child nursery at 704 1/2 West Wilson was considered by the Board.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation be approved subject to inspection and approval by the Fire Depart- ment, Health Department and Child Welfare Board, and the follow- ing resolution adopted:  WHEREAS, on the 9th day of October, 1953, Cary and Marie Butler, Jr. filed an application with the City Planning Commission for Use Permit to operate a child nursery at 704 1/2 West Wilson Avenue on Lots #3 and #4, Block #8, Original Las Vegas Townsite Addition in an R-2 (Two Family Residence) Use District; and  WHEREAS, on November 12, 1953, the City Planning Commission held a public hearing on this application for Use Permit; and  WHEREAS, on November 12, 1953, the City Planning Commission voted to recommend that this application be approved subject to approval by the Health Department and Fire Department; and  WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 16, 1953, recommending that such Use Permit be approved.  NOW, THEREFORE, EE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the City Planning Commission that the application of Cary and Marie Butler, Jr. to operate a child nursery at 704 1/2 West Wilson Avenue on Lots 3 and 4, Block 3 Original Las Vegas Townsite Addition in an R-2 (Two-family residence) Use District be approved subject to inspection and approval by the Fire Department, Health Department and Child Welfare Board, be and the same is hereby accepted.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carred by the follow- ing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Heers Associates V-79-53 Denied	The Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the application of Heers Associates for variance to construct and maintain thirty-four units on Lots 1 through 5 of Block 1,  Heers Subdivision Tract No. 1, be approved. Discussion was held on this application.  Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this application for variance be approved, be denied, and the following resolution adopted:  WHEREAS, on the l8th day of September, 1953, Heers Associates of Nevada filed an application with the City Planning Commission for a variance to construct and maintain 34 duplex units within 15 feet of the front property line on Lots 1,2,3, and 5 in Block 1, Heers Subdivision Tract #1; and  WHEREAS, on November 12, 1953, the City Planning Commission held a public hearing on this application for variance voted to recommend approval of this application inasmuch as they felt such ause would not result in material damage to other properties in the vicinity; and  WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on November 16, 1953, recommending that such variance be granted.  WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners felt that such use may result in individual sales to different purchasers with the result that the proper set back would not be observed.  NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners that the application of Heers Associates of Nevada for variance to construct and maintain 34 duplex units within 15 feet of the front property line on Lots 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 in Block 1,  Heers Subdivision Tract #1, be and the same hereby is denied.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.