BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the right to use said water granted
herein shall not be assignable without the consent of the City first
having been obtained, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that it is hereby declared to be the intent
of the City that this agreement shall be continued from year to year so
long as the terms and conditions herein set forth shall be carried out and
insofar as this grant may be binding on subsequent Boards of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

At the hour of 9:05 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour
of 9:20 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission requested that the City Attorney prepare an appropriate re-
solution commending the Reserve Police for the outstanding service and long
hours they have put in assisting the Police Department, and present the re-
solution for adoption at the next regular meeting on October 2, 1957.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the City has been leasing
a D-8 Cat-and-Can, which is a caterpillar, ripper, scraper and bulldozer
blade, from Cashman to do certain types of heavy road construction at an
approximate cost of $12,000 a year. Mr. Kennedy requested permission to
enter into a lease-purchase agreement to purchase this piece of equipment
at approximately $24,000 and further requested permission to look into
the possibility of having the papers carried by one of the local banks
since the interest rate will be lower.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be approved, and
authorization granted to enter into a lease-purchase contract with Cashman
for a D-8 Cat-and-Can at an approximate cost of $24,000; further that the
papers on this contract be financed through one of the local banks if pos-
sible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy also requested permission to purchase a large grader. The City
Manager reported that this piece of equipment is needed for road construc-
tion and would cut down on the necessity of contracting out various por-
tions of street improvement to local contractors. Mr. Kennedy advised the
Commission that the piece of equipment needed can be secured from the Clark
County Wholesale Company.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and authorization
granted to enter into a lease-purchase contract with Clark County Whole-
sale for a Model T-500 Galion Motor Grader at an estimated cost of $19,725.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION

Reserve Police

STREET CONSTRUCTION
EQUIPMENT

Purchase Authorized

MOTOR GRADER -
Purchase Authorized