issued a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City to be held on
the 2nd day of October A.D. 1914, at ten o'clock A.M. at the office of the City Clerk of said
City, for the purpose of considering the tax rate for said City for the year 1914. and I have
been instructed by the Mayor to give notice in accordance with said call.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Filed September 29th. A.D. 1914. Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

State of Nevada)

SS.

County of Clark)

I, Harley A. Harmon City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify
that I received the above notice from the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of said City and that upon receipt
of the same that I issued the above described notice that I further mailed a copy of said notice
to each of the City Commissioners of said City by deposting a copy of said Notice in the United
States post office in said City postage prepaid.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, this
29th. day of September A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of fixing the tax rate in and for said City



of Las Vegas, Nevada: Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Smith

the following resolution was adopted:-

Whereas, at a regular called special meeting of the Board of Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held October 2nd, 1914, a budget setting forth
the estimated receipts and expenditures for the year beginning July 1st, 1914. and ending July
1, 1915, was presented to the Board by the Finance Commissioner, J.B. Curtiss, and it appearing
by said budget that a tax of 70 cents per $100 valuation on all taxable property within the limits
of the said City would be sufficient for City purposes for the ensuing year.

It is therefore ordered that the tax levy for the City of Las Vegas , Clark County, Nevada,
for the year 1914 be and the same is hereby fixed at 70 cents per $100 valuation on all taxable
property within the limits of the said City.

And it is further ordered that the City Clerk forthwith transmit a copy of this order to the
Board of county Commissioners of Clark, county Nevada, at its next meeting. the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Sullivan, aye, smith, aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.