No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
STATE OF NEVADA,

NOVEMBER 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of November 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German,
and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of October as follows:

$	222.00 Poll Tax

60.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots
256.22 Municipal Court Finds.

8.260.79 Licenses and fees.

8,799.01

	Monies proportioned as follows:

$5,000.00 P and F Fund.

3,517.01	General Fund

222.00	Street Fund.

60.00	Cemetery Fund.

8,799.01

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 8th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of November, 1933 at he hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German,
and Down, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Mr. A.W. Blackman appeared before the Board at this time and ask for the permission of
the Board of City Commissioners to use a portion of the park site for a Boy Scout Camp, or
headquarters. The site selected being north of the City Street Dept. Barn, and the said site to
be improved with several small cabins and an open piazza for games.

Mr. A.R. Thompson, City Engineer was directed to stake out the site.

Mr. Adolph Levy appeared before the Board in regard to the ordinance regulating the erection
of buildings housing dry cleaning establishments and ask that said ordinance be amended so
that buildings might be built less than twenty-five feet from buildings used as dry cleaning
establishments.

After some discussion on the subjection motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commission-
er German it was moved that no action be taken to amend the ordinance governing the buildings
occupied by dry cleaning establishments. Said ordinance being known as Ordinance No. 167.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the application of F.R. Matzdorf for the operation of a Four Card Draw
poker game at the Rainbow Club at 129 South 1st St. was presented to he Board for consider-
ation. Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that the City Clerk be instructed to issue a license to F.R. Matzdorf for the operation
of a Four Card Draw Poker game at 129 South 1st St. The limit of players to be placed at 30.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.