NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN and to Pat Clark, A. Corradetti, Walter B. Bates and

A. F. Smith, Sr., Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call

this day issued by Mayor E. W. Cragin a special meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners will be held in the Commissioners' Room at the War
Memorial Building on Tuesday, the 17th day of August, 1943 at the hour
of 11:55, to consider the following:

1 Charleston Blvd., access road.

(S) Helen Scott Reed______

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special
Meeting.

(S) Pat Clark____________ (S) Walter B. Bates

(S) A. Corradetti________ (S) A. F. Smith, Sr.

(S) E. W. Cragin_________

A Special Meeting was called to order at the hour of 11:55 A.M. on August
17, 1943 by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:
Mayor Cragin; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and City Clerk,
Helen Scott Reed. Also present were C. G. Petrie, Planning Engineer;

Dale Pruitt and J. M. Murphy, State Highway Department Representatives.

PROPOSED	Commissioner Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas acquire right-of-way for

HIGHWAY	the proposed highway beginning at the Northwest city limits on the Tonopah

RIGHT-OF-WAY        Highway to the junction of Fremont and Charleston at the Southeast city

limits under line 8, designated on the highway exhibit for proposed location
and alignments of the improvement. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 2, 1943

A

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 2nd day of September, 1943.
Meeting called to order by his Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:25 P.M., with the
following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Coradetti and Smith. City Auditor, Mac Cazier

and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Walter B. Bates and City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of the last regular meeting held August 16th, be
approved with the following exception that the item regarding the date for return of bid for the
pumping plant and water control at the disposal plant be changed to September 2, 1943. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti,
Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Due to the absence of Commissioner Bates, Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner Coradetti to audit
the bills of Commissioner Bates.

VOUCHERS	 Commissioner Smith moved that warrants #3050 to 3284 inclusive be approved

#3050 to 3284   and the Mayor and city clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TONOPAH-CHARLESTON   Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations of the Planning Commission
HIGHWAY IMPROVE-   for right of way acquisition and adjusting local streets to improvement as
MENT	follows be accepted and approved:	

1)	County Hospital

a.	Acquire block west to and including portion at intersection with Tonopah Drive

b.	Vacate Rose Street

2)	Close and vacate 1st Street - Boulder to Charleston. Re-plat blocks involved.

3)	Acquire additional right-of-way width at Union Pacific Railroad for grade separation -
additional 25 feet each side, or a total of 50 feet, from approximately 1,000 feet west
of tracks - east to Main Street.