On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German, it was ,

Resolved, that the salary of R.H. Elser, City Plumbing Inspector, for the City of Las
Vegas be reduced to $125.00 per month, and that he take charge of the City disposal plant, and
that the assistant at the plant be discharged at once, and that the said R.H. Elser use one
Model A Ford Coupe belonging to the City, and that suitable living quarters be provided at the
disposal plant, for said caretaker. Same to be effective as of January 1st, 1933.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German it was,

Resolved, That A.R. Thompson, be appointed City Engineer, and Ex Officio City Building
and Plumbing Inspector for the City of Las Vegas, and to have charge of all sewers in said City
at a salary of $150.00 per month, and all fees as such inspectors to be turned into the General
Fund of the City, and the above sum to include office rent. To hold office at the pleasure of
the Board of Commissioners. Same to be effective as of January 1st, 1933.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.	

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was,

Resolved, that Lloyd S. Payne, City Electrical Inspector, remain as such City Electrical
Inspector, and radio interference man, and the salary to remain as before, but that he assume
the care of maintenance of all street lights in the City of Las Vegas, and also be custodian
of all street lighting equipment, without additional compensation. Same to be effective as of
January 1st, 1933.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas, it was

Resolved, that L.B. Hansell turn over to the City Clerk one Model V8 FordCoupe, same
having been purchased by the Water, Sewer and Light Department. Said coupe to be used jointly
by the Electrical Inspector, Lloyds S. Payne, and A.R. Thompson, City Engineer, and Ex-Officio
City Plumbing and Building Inspector.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

The City Clerk was directed to write to the Southern Nevada Power Company and ask
said company what would be the lowest possible flat rate they would make the City of Las
Vegas on the electricity used by the City and also as to lower phone rates. The Clerk was
also directed to write to all the above mentioned parties and advise them of the changes
made by the Board of Commissioners.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to transfer $1,342.13 from the Publicity Fund to the Street Fund, and to
transfer $825.90 from the Sewer Bond Fund to the General Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 12th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 12th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 12th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas City attorney and City Clerk.

At this time Ed. W. Clark and S.J. Lawson of the South Nevada Power and Telephone Com-
panies appeared before the Board and stated that the City was receiving the lowest possible
rate on lights and phones that the companies could make them at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that all slot machine applications brought before the Board for approval be granted. Appli-
cations being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of Cap Orr for permission to operate two card games at 107 So. 1st St
was next brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the application be denied and that the City Clerk return to said Cap Orr the money covering
the games applied for. The grounds on which the licenses were denied being that there is
sufficient gaming houses in the block Where the said Cap Orr wished to operate.

Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.