Bids on street signs were opened at this time. Three bids were sent out but
only one from the K. E. Erickson Company with a bid of $1.10 each on 56 signs was
received.

Bids on garbage truck from the following firms were opened at this time.

Clark County Wholesale Company	$2,993.38

J. D. Porter (second hand)	895.00

Cashman	2,612.76

It was the opinion of the city attorney that the bid of J. D. Porter could not
be considered because it does not come up to specification.

Bid of the Service Printers on printing of electrical inspection tags and
wiring installation application blanks was opened. One had been sent to the Review
Journal but not returned. The bid of the Service Printers was as follows:

5 thousand inspection tags, $37.20.	10 thousand wiring installation application

blanks, $52.25.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of K. E. Erickson for street signs
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bid of the Service Printers for printing of
electrical forms and tags in five and ten thousand lots be accepted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of Jim Cashman on a garbage truck in the
sum of $2612.76 be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that two 1" fog nozzles be purchased as an emergency
at $30 each, plus freight. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the lawn mower at the cemetery be sent to Los
Angles for repair. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that, in the future, all insurance policies covering



property where there is oil furnaces involved carry a rider to protect us in that re-
spect. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be instructed to hire someone
to clean the library damaged by smoke and soot by an explosion of the oil stove; further
that the city attorney examine the insurance policy to determine our protection in this
instance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith read a written statement prepared by himself regarding the
bonding of city employees.

Commissioner Smith moved that the following employees execute a bond in the sum

of $1,000.00 by March 4th, 1942. Charles Harold Jameson, Emma Francis Culley, Robert

Stinson Uptiegrove, Micheal James Hennesey, Edward Everett Strong, Grace R. Bowman,

Dolores Rhoades Cushman, Russell S. Norton, R. H. Elser, Myron Edward Leavitt, Hugh



McAllister, A. W. Blackman, A.J. Drews, Clem Malone, and Harlan T. Brown. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.