Upon motion duly made and seconded, the following preamble and resolution was
presented to the Board:

WHEREAS under an amendment to the charter of the City of Las Vegas, which was
approved March 11, 1929, and became effective April 1, 1929, the County Clerk of Clark
County, Nevada, is no longer ex-officio City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the said City hereby does
declare that a vacancy exists in said office of City Clerk, and hereby appoints Wm. L.

Scott as City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, to hold office until his successor is elected
and qualified; and that said Wm. L. Scott furnish a good and sufficient bond in the sum of
Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00) to be approved by said Board of Commissioners, upon his
taking oath of office. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith,
Mundy, German and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that monies collected by
the City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector, for licenses, fines and fees re-
spectively, totaling $2620.00, be apportioned as follows:- To the General Fund the sum
of $830.00; to the Police & Fire Fund, $1660.00; to the Water, Sewer & Light Fund, $130.00.

C. H. Nashnar appeared before the Board and requested the City to donate the sum of
Fifteen Dollars ($15.00), to be used for the purpose of lines for street decoration in
the City of Las Vegas. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that
the sum of $15.00 be advanced to the said C. H. Nashnar for the purpose requested, and the
City Clerk was directed to draw his warrant on the City Treasurer in said sum of $15.00,
said sum to be drawn from the Publicity Fund.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Monday, April 8th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 8th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of April, 1929, at the hour of seven-
thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. B. Mundy.
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W.C. German and Roy Neagle.

The meeting was called to order by the Mayor, and upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, was recessed to April 9th, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.