Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT #200-1 Commissioner Peccole moved the request of N. P. Van Valkenburgh Co. for
Final Payment	final payment on Assessment District No. 200-1 for $2,197.68, being the

amount due less 2% which must be retained for one year, be approved and
	the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when drawn!

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

WATER SHORTAGE	At this time Mr. Mel Schroeder, subdivider of Westleigh Tract appeared

on behalf of the residents requesting the Board to take action to com-
	pel the Las Vegas Land and Water Co. to put on auxiliary pumps in order

that they might have sufficient water in this district at all times.

These residents were informed that the City can do little about this pro-
blem and were urged to contact the Water Company and write the Public
Service Commission.

PAHOR TRACT	Commissioner Peccole moved that action on the tentative and final maps

of the Pahor Tract be deferred until August 22, 1951 for report from
	the City Engineer indicating what will be required of this subdivider.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

WESTSIDE	Mr. Johnny Crockett and Henry Moore, representing the Westside Elks

IMPROVEMENTS	who have presented a petition heretofore to the City requesting im-

provements in their vicinity, appeared to ask when they might meet
	with the Board.

It was decided that this .meeting should be held September 19, 1951
as a first order of business.

WESTSIDE FIRE	At this time bids from the following architects on the proposed fire

STATION.	station on the Westside were opened:

Bids of Architects

	E. M. Kolben	Richard Stadelman

Harley S. Bradley	Walter Zick & Harris Sharp

Aloysius McDonald	Elmo C. Bruner

Richard G. Bledsoe	James A. Fleming

Vernon Welborn	Miller-Eaynes-Smith Inc.

Commissioner Peccole moved these bids be referred to the City Manager
for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent; Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

FIRE HYDRANTS	At this time Mr. Arnold appeared before the Board requesting infor-

mation as to the installation of fire hydrants for the North Main
	Street area between three and five hundred blocks. Mr. Arnold was no-

tified to contact the Fire Department.

FREMONT ADDITION	At this time Dr. Leven Kassabian presented a written request that cer-

tain lots of his be vacated and rejoined to certain other property that
	he owns in the Fremont Addition of the City.

Dr. Kassabian was advised that this matter would entail certain other
procedure.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the
Regional Planning Commission for report and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

 RECESS & RECONVENE	At the hour of 9:40 P.M. the meeting recessed.

	His Honor called the meeting to order at the hour of 10:15 P.M. with

all members present as of the opening session with Acting City Engineer
H. E. Piner being also present.

CROSS WALKS ON FREMONT Commissioner Bunker moved the question of the discontinuance of cross
walks on Fremont Streets be postponed until such time as it is dis-
	cussed with the State Highway Engineer, and the Police Chief be noti-

fied not to issue citations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

GAMING APPLICATIONS Commissioner Peccole moved the following new gaming applications for