REZONING - Z-35-54
John Clark

VACATION

Elmer Baxter, Erma T.
Baxter, Jack Wollenzien,
Al Wendelboe

GAMING ORDINANCE
AMENDMENT

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
#100-23

Overtime

BID NO. 54.39
Carpeting - City Hall

TWIN LAKES VILLAGE #5
Final Map

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Baker & Hazard, Inc.

Colorado River Exp. Co.,
A.W.Ham, W.E. & Ruth C.
Ferron and Jesse M.
Gibbons

At this time the application of John Clark to rezone from R-1 to R-4 a portion of
Block 8, Amended Mayfair Tract No. 2, was considered. This application was approved
by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a Public Hearing be held on this application on
December 15, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Al Wendelboe was present to request the vacation of a portion of
North 1st Street in the Sunset Park Addition, approved by the Planning Commission
 subject to the dedication of street right of way from 5th to Main.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a Public Hearing be held on this request for vacation
of a portion of North 1st Street in the Sunset Park Addition on December 20, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A representative of the Fremont Hotel was present to answer any questions on the

proposed amendment to the Gaming Ordinance to allow gambling on floors other than the street

floor. Discussion followed and the committee requested additional time before reporting.

City Engineer G. E. Wade requested that overtime be approved on Assessment District
#100-23 for inspectors and survey crews when the contractor works overtime.

Commissioner Bunker moved that overtime be approved on Assessment District #100-23
as requested by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 54.39 for the furnishing of

carpeting in the new portion of the City Hall, bids were received from the following firms:

Mainlines Distributors	$5,235.00

Mainlines Distributors	3,860.00

Roberts Roof & Floor Co.	3,552.97

Disco, Inc.	2,998.63

Nevada Draperies & Upholstery	(l)	4,530.50

(2)	3,819.83

C. & G. Sales	3,499.62

Sheppard's Furniture & Carpet Co.	(l)	3,415.25

(2)	3,779.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Twin Lakes Village #5 be approved
subject to the City Attorney checking and approving the bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and approved by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he writes insurance for this firm and therefore
he would not vote.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for
Schedules "B" and "C" Trunk Sewer purposes executed by Baker & Hazard, Inc., deed
dated November 8, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of November, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 8th
day of November, 1954, executed by Baker & Hazard, Inc. to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of an easement for Assessment
District No. 100-23 purposes executed by Colorado River Exploration Co., A. W Ham,

W. E. and Ruth C. Ferron and Jesse M. Gibbons, deed dated October 18, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of November, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 18th
day of October, 1954, executed by Colorado River Exploration Co., A. W. Ham, W. E.
and Ruth C. Ferron and Jesse M. Gibbons to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

11-17-54