NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
the Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno to erect an addition to St. Anne's
Catholic Church to within seven feet of the rear lot line, on Lot 2,

Block 19, Huntridge Tract #4 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of L.B. Scherer
to extend an unenclosed canopy 5'9" into a required side yard where 2'
is permitted at 1100 South 10th Street. This application was approved
by the Board of Adjustment because this 70' wide lot requires a 7'
open side yard and the design shows that the canopy must extend the requested
distance in order to achieve a useful purpose.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of L.B.

Scherer for a variance be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of August, 1955, having
considered the application of L.B. Scherer for a variance to extend
an unenclosed canopy 5'9" into a required side yard where 2' is
permitted at 1100 South 10th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of L.B. Scherer to extend an unenclosed canopy 5'9" into a required
side yard where 2' is permitted at 1100 South 10th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Mary K. Tomlinson to allow
Mrs. Myrill Rabb to operate a private school at 1107 Desert Lane. This application
was approved by the Board of Adjustment because there is a need for additional
facilities for instruction of pre-school children. This property has a sizable
outdoor fenced play area, adequate room for classes and sanitary facilities. The
property is located less than 100' from a primary major highway and across the
street from a church. A signed statement from immediate adjacent neighbors
indicate that they do not feel that this use is detrimental.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Mr. Herb Jones appeared on behalf of the applicant, Mrs. Myril Rabb.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Mary K. Tomlinson
to allow Mrs. Myrill Rabb to operate a private school at 1107 Desert Lane be
approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of August, 1955 having considered the
application of Mary K. Tomlinson to allow Mrs. Myrill Rabb to operate a private
school at 1107 Desert Lane be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Board considered the application of Bert O'Donnell to store and sell
chemicals in a warehouse at 123 W. Colorado Street in an M-2 zone. This
application was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the application of Bert
O'Donnell for a use permit be held on September 7, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners BUnker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of the City of Las Vegas
to construct an animal pound under supervision of the SPCA on property
described as a portion of the SW¼ of NW¼ of NE¼ of Section 36, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment because
there is a public need for removal of the present pound from its location
which is close to developed residential district and this area is relatively
undeveloped at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be held on this application
of the City of Las Vegas to construct an animal pound under the supervision of
the SPCA, at the regular meeting of the Board on September 7, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Board considered the resolution on procedure for annexation of territory
to the City. The filing fee is $25.00 for 40 acres or less plus $15.00 for

8-3-55

ANNEXATION TO CITY
Resolution

USE PERMIT

City of Las Vegas

U-26-55

USE PERMIT
Bert O'Donnell
U-28-55

VARIANCE

Mary K. Tomlinson
V-30-55

VARIANCE
L.B. Scherer
V-29-55