Las Vegas, Nevada. Sept. 1, 1932.

To E. W. Cargin, Mayor, and to Commissioners R. W. Thomas, L. B. Hansell, W. C. German and

W. B. Mundy.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas will be held at the Board Room of Said Board on Thursday the first day of September, 1952
at the hour of 1:15 o'clock P. M. of said day, to consider and acting upon calling for bids upon s
sixteen or more of Las Vegas Sewer Bonds, and matters in connection therewith. You will govern
yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Clerk

By Mary Taylor

Deputy City Clerk

We, the undersigned, being the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting on this 1st day of September
1952

E. W. Cragin	 W.	B.	Mundy

Mayor

W.C. German

L. B. Hansell

R.W. Thomas

Commissioners

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor E. W. Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Hansell and Thomas and Deputy City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent City Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the City of Las Vegas advertise for sale 16 (sixteen) bonds of the Las Vegas Sewerage Bond
issue. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell, Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Notice to bond bidders being in the following form;

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will
receive bids until three o'clock P. M. on the 29th day of September, 1932, for the purchase
of sixteen bonds of Las Vegas Sewerage Bond issue. Said bonds will bear interest at a rate
not exceeding seven per centum per annum, payable semi-annually, and will bear date the first
day of July, 1931. Said bonds are a portion of an entire issue consisting of One Hundred
Sixty (160) bonds in the denomination of Ore Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, which
mature $8000.00 on the first day of July in each of the years 1933 to 1932 inclusive. The
bonds now proposed to be issued ill commence with bond No. 1 and run consecutively thereafter
up to bond No. 16 inclusive, the first maturity of eight bonds to mature on the first day of July
1934.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accompanied by
a deposit of five per dent, either cash or certified check payable to the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted;
and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds with-
in thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of his or its deposit
will be	forfeited to	said City	of Las Vegas, and in that	event the bid of the one making the

next best bid for the	same amount of bonds. If there be two or more equal bids for the same amount

of bonds and such bids are the best received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said
board of commissioners will determine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,

1931 issue," and addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bids will be opened by s id Board of Commissioners on the 29th day of September, 1932, at the
hour of	three o'clock	P. M. at	the regular meeting place	of said Board in the Commissioners

Room in	the office of	the City	Clerk in said	City Of Las	Vegas. Bidders shall submit a bid

specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par, at which such bidder will
purchase the specified number of bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will
purchase the specified number of said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making
the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all bids and re-
advertise. None of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued interest, and no discount
or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this first day of September, 1932.

Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada

By E. W. Cragin_______________________

Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk

By Mary Taylor_________

Deputy

(City Seal)

No farther business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned