The City Attorney was also directed to write a letter to Sherwood Park advising them
that the County had never signed their agreement for sewer service, so it is not a
valid agreement.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting
adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 3, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held the 3rd day of November, 1954, was
called to order by His Honor Mayor Baker at the hour of 7:40 P.M., with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

City Engineer	G. E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved the Payroll Warrants Nos. 10649 to 11131 in the net amount
of $60,845.23 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 335 to 476 in the total
amount of $96,226.21 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the minutes of October 20 and 28, 1954, be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set to continue the Public Hearing on the rezoning from
R-3 to C-2 of the property of H. F. Ahmanson, SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ of Section 35, the Mayor asked
if there were any new developments.

Mr. Robert E. Jones and Mr. Childs, representing Mr. Ahmanson, were present and discussed
the matter with the Board.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the plan approved by the State Highway Department.

Discussion was had on the width of 25th Street. The Board want this an eighty (80) foot
right-of-way, but Mr. Ahmanson was only willing to dedicate thirty (30) feet.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this hearing be continued until November 17, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the Public Hearing on the appeal of O. W. Clark
of the denial of his application for rezoning from R-1 and R-4 to C-2 of the W½ SW¼ SW¼ SE¼
of Section 35; generally located to the south of 1800 Fremont Street, fronting on Bruce
Street, His Honor recognized the applicant.

Mr. Charles Deaner, representing Mr. Clark, was present and requested favorable action.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. Mr. William Henderson
appeared and presented a petition signed by the property owners, protesting this rezoning.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for rezoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of R. R. Wakefield, Jr.
of the denial of his application for variance to construct an addition within 2½ feet of the
property line on Lot 15, Block 7; Sunnyside Addition, the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. Wakefield was present and requested approval of this application.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

11-3-54

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
H. F. Ahmanson
Rezoning

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

O. W. Clark

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance V-47-54
Denied

R. R. Wakefield, Jr.