170

USE OF AUDITORIUM
Art League

The request of the Art League to use the auditorium from March 20 to April 5,
1953, was presented at this time.

✓

The Board approved this request providing the construction work is not being done
at this time. This being the case, the City is to give the Art League sixty days
notice.

was presented.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
approved and the following Resolution is adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 11th day of September, 1952, Juanita F. Rice filed an
application with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to build
an laundry room to extend seven feet into the required side yard; and

WHEREAS, on September 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a
Public Hearing on this application for variance, at which time several objections
were raised and communications protesting the granting of said variance were received;
and

WHEREAS, on September 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the
application as they did not feel that this use would be detrimental to surrounding
property; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 1,
1952, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Juanita F. Rice, be granted a variance to build a laundry room to
extend seven feet into the required side yard at 224 Earl Street between 16th and
17th Street between Lewis Street and Carson Street, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission to build additional elementary
school buildings on Lot 19, Block 7 and Lot 8 of Block 7 in the Bonanza Village Tract;
and

WHEREAS, on September 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on September 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the
application as additional school buildings are badly needed; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 1,

1952 recommending that such Use Permit be granted;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the Las Vegas Union School District he granted a Use Permit to
build additional elementary school buildings on Lot 19, Block 7 and Lot 8 of Block
7 in the Bonanza Village Tract, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent.Commissioner
Peccole,

application with the Regional Planning Commission for a temporary Deer Processing
Plant for Game Meat only at 510 North Main Street; and

WHEREAS, on September 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on September 25, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the
application subject to the stipulation that the Deer Processing Plant be in operation
for approximately sixty days from October 5, 1952, to December 5, 1952; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 1,
1952, recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Keith J. Campbell be granted a Use Permit to establish a deer
processing plant for game meat only at 510 North Main, be and the same hereby is
approved.

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Juanita Rice

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Juanita
Rice to build a laundry room at 224 Earl Street in violation of the sideyard requirements

USE PERMIT

Las Vegas School District

The application of the Union School District for a Use Permit to erect an elementary
school on Lots 8 and 19, Block 7, Bonanza Village Tract was presented for consideration

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
this Use Permit be granted, be accepted and the following Resolution adopted:



#334	WHEREAS, on the 22nd day of September, 1952, the Las Vegas Union School District

USE PERMIT
Keith Campbell
Meat Processing

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Keith
Campbell for a Use Permit to operate a deer meat processing plant at 510 North Main
Street from October 5 to December 5, 1952 was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

#335

WHEREAS, on the 22nd day of September, 1952, Keith J. Campbell filed an