F.E. Toph as Night Marshall in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and recommended that his
salary be fixed at $155.00 , upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said
appointment be approved and that he file his bond in the sum of one thousand dollars and take the
oath of Office. and the salary of said office be fixed at $115.00 per month.

At this time the Clerk administrated the Oath of office to the Newly appointed officers City

Attorney. F.A. Stevens, G.A. Case Municipal Judge, and F.E. Toph Night Marshall they having filed

 there official bond as follows towit:- F.A. Stevens City Attorney with Roy T. Lockett and O.J



Van Pelt as sureties, G.A. Case Municipal Judge with Roy W. Martin and I.C. Johnson, F.E. Toph
Night Marshall with Ed. W. Clark, and Frank A. Doherty and the same being approved.

The question of establishing a regular meeting night of the Board coming on before the Board
it was upon motion of Griffith and seconded by Curtiss and duly carried ordered that the first
Wednesday in each Month be and is hereby established as the regular meeting night of the Board of
City Commissioners.

A draft of ordinance No. 41, entitled "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas amending section
19 of ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the Issuance
of plumbing and Sewer Connection permits for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and
for the regulation and Construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas", was presented
to the Board and read. Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith
the following preamble and Resolution was adopted: "Whereas in the opinion of this Board the
health and welfare of the people of the City of Las Vegas requires the immediate passage of Ordinance 

No. 41, as presented and read, the same being entitled " An ordinance of the City of La s
Vegas amending section 19, of ordinance No. 36, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An ordinance
providing for the issuance of plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the Inspection of plumbing
and sewer connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing Work in the City of Las
Vegas, " And Therefore an emergency exists, Now Therefore Be it Resolved that said ordinance No.

41 as presented and read, be and the same is hereby adopted and passed as an emergency ordinance
upon the consent of the full Board, the same to take effect immediately upon its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas. The vote on said Resolution was as follows : Commissioners Curtiss,
Griffith, Smith, and P.J. Sullivan and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

Commissioner Sullivan Thereupon recommended the appointment of James Nimock as Sewer Inspector
Thereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by commissioner Smith it was duly resolved
that James Nimock, be and he hereby is appointed Sewer Inspector of the City of Las V egas , at the
Salary fixed by the ordinance No. 41, adopted at the meeting , viz: to be paid monthly and amount
equal to the fees collected under said ordinance during each such month, and that such amount shall
be full compensation for all services rendered. the vote was cast as follows: Commissioner Curtiss
Griffith, Smith, Sullivan and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.