Las Vegas, Nevada
July, 10, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
10th day of July, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:	

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	R. F. Boos

Asst. City Atty	Ralston O. Hawkins

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for representatives of the American Linen Supply

American Linen	Company, 1001 South 1st Street to be present to show cause why the conveyor across the alley

Nuisance Abatement	behind this business should not be abated as a public nuisance, His Honor asked if there

	was anyone present representing this concern.

Attorney Herbert M. Jones was present, and stated that he was representing the American
Linen Supply Company, but that Mr. F. Oliver Gardner, general manager had not yet arrived.

Mayor Baker asked for a report from the City Attorney's office on the matter.

Thereafter Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins stated that the American Linen Company
had applied for and received a variance to build a to-story building in an R-4 zone, which
variance had been extended on two occasions for six-months periods. He further reported
that the Company had been granted permission to construct a conveyor across the alley to
transport laundry back and forth said alley, in accordance with plans submitted to the City.
Since that time, Mr. Hawkins advised, the City has received numerous complaints from surround-
ing property owners indicating that the noise involved in transporting the laundry across
the alley is loud, said conveyor is operated late at night and disturbs the peace and quiet 
of the residential area. He stated that if this is considered to be a public nuisance,
such determination must be made by the Commission; if not, it is a private nuisance and the
people in the neighborhood have their own remedy through the Court.

Mr. George Franklin, Jr., representing the adjacent property owners protested this variance
on the basis that the only notice the people had received was for the variance to construct
a two-story building, and they believed the conveyor across the alley was not only a public
nuisance, but a violation of the variance granted the American Linen.

Thereafter the following property owners spoke in protest to the operation of this con-
veyor, pointing out that it was operated during nighttime hours and, at times, into the morning
early hours. They also complained about the smell from the laundry bags stored on the
premises. They stated that in many cases they had lost tenants because the tenants could
not stand the noise. Some complaints were also voiced about the parking situation in
that employees of the laundry took up parking spaces so that the tenants were unable to
park near their residence.

Mr. John Kofahl	112½ Coolidge

Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Terry	1014 South 2nd

Mr. Childers

Mr. Herb Jones, representing the American Linen Supply Company appeared before the Commission
and stated that they did not feel this could be considered a public nuisance due to the fact
that only the adjacent property owners were objecting. He further stated that the surround-
ing property, as well as this Company, was of commercial or industrial type of operations,
and had been for a number of years.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be continued until July 18, 1956 to
allow departments of the City to make an investigation and report back on this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

BID NO. 36.25	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.23 for the construction

Sewage Treatment	of a Sewage Treatment Plant for the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following

Plant	firms:

Bid Opening

	JAMES T. STEWART COMPANY	$1,210,178.00

LEMBKE-CLOUGH & KING	1,109,969.36

EMIL H. KRALL	1,186,996.70

FRED J. EARLY,	JR. CO. IN.	1,145,701.00

DAVIS & BUTLER	CONST. CO.	1,152,582.25

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Public Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.