OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

AUGUST 8th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held August 8th, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow and Krause, City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti.

Mr. Henderson, attorney for A.L. Riddle appeared before the Board asking that a taxi license
be granted to Mr.	No action was taken on this matter owing to the absence of Commissioners

Corradetti and Gilbert.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted Stanley Buzan, at the MacDonald Hotel.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce asking that the City place a highway design-
ation sign at Main & Fremont Street directing traffic to Los Angeles.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Gilbert attending to the placing of this sign.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of milk producers and distributors being present City Attorney Austin
at the direction of the Mayor read in full a proposed ordinance covering milk inspection in Las
Vegas. No action on the adoption of this ordinance was taken but a general discussion ensued
in regard to its various sections. The City Attorney was directed to have a number of copies
made of this ordinance so that same might be circulated to the persons interested. -The Commission
ask that the Board be presented with a letter signed by the interested parties giving their
approval of the ordinance before same would be adopted.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded
by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Wednesday the
16th day of August, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the meeting recessed until Wednesday the 16th day of August, 1939 at the
hour of seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

AUGUST 16,	1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held August 16, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Present: Commissioners, Joe S. Ronnow, Herb Krause, A. Corradetti His Honor the Mayor John
L. Russell, City Attorney Harry H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

Absent: Commissioner C.V.T. Gilbert and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of Recessed meetings of August 4, & August 8, were read and approved as read.

Upon motion by Commissioner Ronnow and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it moved and carried
that the Mayor and Deputy City Clerk be be allowed to sign warrants Nos. 205 to 212 Inclusive with
demands and payroll checks attached and that the same be allowed for payment by the Board.

Vote being, Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes
None.

A. Letter from E. D. Mischy applying for the position of street cleaning was read before the
board, and was ordered filed for future reference.

Slot machine applications for nine slot machine were presented from E. P. Bihlmaier to the
board for consideration, the regular fee being attached. Upon motion by Commissioner Corradetti
and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved that the applications be granted and that Mr.
Bihlmaier be allowed to place his machines as follows, 3 Machines at the Oasis Cafe 123 Fremont
Str, 4 machines at the Tivoli Tavern 126 N. 1st, Street one machine at the Pinjuv Grocery 715
Ogden Str and one machine at the Johnson Grocery 632 S. 5th, Street, Vote being, Commissioners
Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor The Mayor voting Aye, Noes. None.

An application from Clarence C. Stocker for a Race Horse Keno game at the Northern Club
was next presented to the Board. After some discussion the application was ordered turned over
to Attorney Harry H. Austin for further checking and advise, and to be brought up at the next
regular meeting of the Board.

Bids on Grass seed were then next opened and presented to the Board for consideration. Two
bids were received from local merchants. After tabulation, Commissioner Ronnow moved that the
bid from the Las Vegas Hardware Co, for 100 Lbs of Bermuda grass seed priced at .31¢ be accepted
and was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti. Vote being, Commissioner, Ronnow, Krause, Corradetti
and His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

At this time Attorney A. S. Henderson appeared before the Board in behalf of A. L. Riddle
asking that the taxi license previously applied for by Mr. Riddle be granted. Stating that as
far as he could ascertain the question involved was not a legal one, but appeared to be an
argument among the taxi cab operators. Mr. Henderson argued that he believed Mr. Riddle had
complied with the city ordinances and therefore should be allowed to operate the taxi in question.