There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada. August 6th, 1913.

At a regular session of the City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 6th, day of August A.D. 1913. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan, and Griffith present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read,

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as appears from claim booK on file
with the Clerk of this Board except the claim of A.W. Jurden for $9.85 which was laid over for
investigation by the Board.

At this time the ClerK read before the Board a petition from the retail liquor dealers

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada relating to the saloon license of said City which was after

due consideration upon the part and upon motion of Griffith and seconded by Curtiss and duly



carried ordered that said petition be filed and laid over for future reference, the vote on said resolution 

was as follows towit:- commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan ,aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner E.E. Smith reported to the Board of the appointment
 of H.M. Lillis as Fire Chief of the volunteer Fire Department and Chas. C. Corkhill as
assistant Fire Chief of said volunteer Fire Department and requested of the Board that there
appointment be approved by said Board : whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded
by Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered that said appointments be and are hereby approved the
vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, Griffith
aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Fire and Police Commissioner Smith of said City at this time made a report to the Board
of the proposal of Ewell and Batch relating to the use of there chemical engine or tank for fire
purposes in said City with the understanding that said City is to leave said chemical apparatus
at there place of business but to be used by said City at any and all fires providing said City
will refill said tank after each and ever time said chemical tank is used, whereupon motion of
Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan it was duly ordered and carried that
said proposition be and is hereby accepted by said City, the vote on said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, smith, aye, Sullivan, aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an ordinance for second reading regarding
the Numbering of Buildings in said City as appears more fully under ordinance No. 44, of said
City in ordinance BOOK no. one of said City, whereas upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by commissioner Smith the following preamble and Resolution was duly adopted: Whereas,

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, bearing No. 44, and entitled " An Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas concerning the Numbering of Buildings, " has been read for the first time and
comes up before this meeting for final action , and Whereas, said ordinance by the terms

thereof refers to a resolution passed upon this date as a part of said ordinance and as containing  

and setting forth the Regulations for the numbering of buildings, Now Therefore , for the