Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the necessary number of votes had been
cast for their respective offices, Commissioner Sharp moved that:

Oran Gragson be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved that the City Clerk
be and he is hereby directed to issue certification of election to said Oran Gragson.

Reed Whipple be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner First
Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved 
that the City Clerk be and he is hereby directed to issue certification of
election to said Reed Whipple.

William H. Elwell be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner
Second Class of the City of Las Vegas for the unexpired term due to expire July 2,
1961, and it is further resolved that the City Clerk be and he is hereby directed
to issue certification of election to said William H. Elwell.

E. W. Fountain be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner Third
Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved 
that the City Clerk be and he is hereby directed to issue certification of
election to said E. W. Fountain.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board at the hour of 9:10 a.m.
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn to 8:00 a.m., June 5, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

 ________________________________ 

Robert F. Boos, Acting City Clerk	Reed Whipple Mayor	Tem

Las Vegas, Nevada

MINUTES	MINUTES	June 5, 1959

A regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held this 5th day of June, 1959, was called to order at the hour of 8:00
a.m., by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple	with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris	P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H.	Kennedy

City Attorney	Calvin	Cory

Acting City Clerk	Robert	F. Boos

Director of Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT             The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that Bid
100-43	No. 59.15 for the construction of street lighting system on North Main Street from

Bonanza to Owens Avenue be awarded to the Acme Electric Company, 408 Wall Street,

Main St. Lighting;                      Las Vegas, Nevada, in the amount of $17,771.74.

Bonanza to Owens

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.15 for the construction of street
Bid No. 59.15	lighting system on North Main Street from Bonanza to Owens Avenue be awarded to

Award	the Acme Electric Company, 408 Wall Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, in the amount of

Acme Electric Company $17,771,74; and that the following resolution accepting bid be adopted and order

made:

Resolution Accepting

Bid Adopted	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, have taken steps
to create certain public improvements within the City of Las Vegas, all as designated 
in Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-43; and

WHEREAS, by resolution passed, adopted and approved on the 1st day of April,
1959, the City Clerk was directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids for the
furnishing of labor, materials, transportation and services for the improvement
called for in said Special Assessment District No. 100-43 and

WHEREAS, proper notices were given by publication of the receipt for bids for
the furnishing of such labor, materials, transportation and services; and

WHEREAS, bids were received by the Board of Commissioners on May 6, 1959,
and confirmation thereof was continued to a regular adjourned meeting on June 5,

1959; and

6-14-59 and 6-5-59