PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved Regular Payroll Warrant Nos. 42523 - 43081, in the

net amount of $83,276.29, and Overtime Payroll Warrant Nos. 43082 - 43117, in
Approved	the net amount of $298.09, for the pay period November 1 - November 15, 1959,

be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Fountain moved Service and Material Warrant Nos. 3364 - 3538, in

WARRANTS	the amount of $72,495.33 be approved.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

TRANSFER OF	Commissioner Sharp moved the transfer of Retirement Funds to the State

RETIREMENT FUNDS	Treasurer's Office be approved in the amount of $22,552.14 for the month of

October.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of October 23 and November 4, 1959,

October 23 &	be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

November 4, 1959

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson

voting aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE 	Commissioner Elwell moved the following Charitable Solicitation Permits, as

SOLICITATIONS PERMITS	approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and the Supervisor of

License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

Approved

ST. ANNE'S MOTHERS' CLUB	Bingo Party

SALVATION ARMY	Street Corner Solicitations

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Edward Levinson for license for

Additional	2 additional slot machines at the Horseshoe Club, 128 Fremont, be approved and

Horseshoe Club	the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Albert & Susanne Spaninato for

New	a Restaurant Beverage License at Original Maria's Italian Kitchen, at 1700 E.

Original Maria's	Charleston, be approved on the basis of favorable police report and the Supervisor 

Italian Kitchen	of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Robert D. Lawrence for 50%

Additional Owner	interest in the Tavern License at Patrick's Peyton Place, 1110 Fremont, present

Patrick's Peyton	owner G. Patrick Kennedy, be denied on the basis of unfavorable police report.

Place

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp. At this point, James Brennan, Attorney,

Held in Abeyance	spoke on behalf of the applicant, stating that Mr. Lawrence was not a newcomer

to Las Vegas and at one time he had operated the Merry-Go-Round Bar on Highway
91 and had been given a Clark County Sheriff's Card at that time. He continued
that four years ago Mr. Lawrence went to Texas, where he did have several
arrests under the ambiguous Texas liquor laws while operating restaurants where
alcoholic liquors were served. Mr. Brennan read from an article in the August
4, 1959 edition of the Look Magazine, which elaborated on the liquor situation
in Texas. He added that his client had no felony arrests and no convictions
and that prior to these experiences in Texas, his record had been without
blemish. He also stated that the charges under which he had been arrested
would not exist at this time, as the law had been changed.

Mr. Brennan continued that Mr. Lawrence did not have an investment in Patrick's
Peyton Place, but he had loaned Mr. Kennedy money, with the intention of becoming his
partner upon approval of his application. He stated this was the only business
his client knew and asked the Commission to reconsider and approve this application.

Commissioner Elwell moved his motion to deny be withdrawn and moved the application
of Robert D. Lawrence for 50% interest in the Tavern License at Patrick's
Peyton Place, 1110 Fremont, be held in abeyance for further study of the unfavorable
 police report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple qualified his vote with the
statement that the reports containing record of sixteen violations did not
look favorable. His Honor Mayor Gragson stated he had not had the opportunity
to analyze the reports since they had been delivered to him. Commissioner
Sharp asked Chief of Police Sheffer to check and see if this type of arrest
was a common thing in the State of Texas.

11-18-59