WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot
or premises for said improvements exceed fifty percent of the value of such lot or premises
as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it
is fair and equitable that no protion of said cost and expense he borne by the City from its
general funds, except as herein provided; and

WHEREAS, said Board by Emergency Ordinance No. 598, passed, adopted and approved the
31st day of March, 1954, declared its determination to make certain public improvements as
herein provided, to create Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-26 for the purpose
of making said improvements, to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments,
made according to frontage, and fixed a time in which protests against the proposed improvements
or the creation of such district might be heard and considered by said Board, and directed
notice thereof be given; and

WHEREAS, SAid Board determined that said notice was given in the manner prescribed by
Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 598 and by Section 57, Chapter II, Charter of the City
of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to be assessed have not filed
written objections concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of said District,
or the defraying of the entire cost and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, objections, suggestions, comments and questions were made or raised at said
protest hearing as follows:	None

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation of
said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-26, and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS

FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-26, which shall include all the lots, premises and property to their full depth
fronting, adjoining and abutting upon the following streets and parts of streets within the
City of Las Vegas:

BRIDGER AVENUE from Main Street to 7th Street; CARSON AVENUE from Main Street to 7th Street;

FREMONT STREET from Main Street to 7th Street; OGDEN AVENUE from Main Street to 7th Street;

STEWART AVENUE from Main Street to 5th Street; MAIN STREET from Bridger Avenue to Stewart

Avenue; FIRST, SECOND, THIRD, FOURTH and FIFTH STREETS from Bridger Avenue to Stewart

Avenue; SIXTH STREET from Bridger Avenue to Ogden Avenue.

SECTION 2. That the streets and parts of streets hereinabove described shall be improved
by constructing and reconstructing sidewalks, curbs and gutters wherever said improvements are
needed, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by the
plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all
incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction
and the fees and compensation properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall
be defrayed by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable
lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said
District. The entire cost and expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $614,265.00
and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such
lot or premises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax
list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be
borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General Fund.

SECTION 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the
acting Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby
empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided
by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land
with such relative portion of the whole amount to be levied as the length of front of such premises
abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed; un-
less on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment for a different number of
feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be
the aggregate number of feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

SECTION 6. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment,
he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report
shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll
which certificate shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported
to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered.

SECTION 8. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said
Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk
on or before Monday, the 3rd day of May, 1954, at 8:00 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said
City, and said time and place are hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board
and said County Assessor and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections
to said special assessment roll and to review said assessment.