288

REZONING
R-3 to C-1
Mary Ann Munro

R-11-53

REZONING
Lots 19 to 23
14th St. Addition
R-9-53

PUBLIC HEARING
VARIANCE
B.A. Salt-man
V-2-53 

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission be accepted and the above described property be rezoned from R-4 to
C-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning of
the following described property from R-3 to C-1:

Lot 13, Block 13, Boulder Addition from R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use
District to C-1 (Limited Commercial) Use District, located at 1111
South Second Street.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed
rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be accepted and the above described property be rezoned from R-3 to C-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Jarrett passed his vote.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning of
the following described property from R-1 to R-2.

Lots 10 to 18, Block 19 and Lots 1 to 21, Block 23, 14th Street
City Addition from R-1 to R-2.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed
rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be accepted and the above described property be rezoned from R-l to R-2

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Mr. B.A.

Saltzman to remodel and construct three units in addition to six existing units,
and to build within eight feet of the rear property line and within five feet of
the side property line, located on the northeast corner of Mesquite Avenue and 23rd
Street on Lots 44, 45 and 46 of Block 1, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition No. 4 in
an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District was considered by the Board at this
time.

The Regional Planning Commission recommended the denial to the application of Mr.

B.A. Saltzman inasmuch as it was felt that such a use would result in material
damage to other properties in the vicinity and would be detrimental to the public
welfare. In addition no provision was made for off street parking.

Mr. Saltzman was present and discussed this matter with the Board and presented a
petition from Property Owners in the surrounding territory approving this variance
which was filed at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the variance application of Mr. B.A. Saltzman
be changed from 3 to 2 additional units, the third proposed unitl left available for
parking area. Also, that the specifications on the remodeling of the six existing
units be sent to the Building Department prior to issuance of a permit on the
additional units and that the existing units be allowed to extend within eight
feet of the side property line; and the following resolution adopted.

WHEREAS, on the 30th day of January, 1953, B.A. Saltzman filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to remodel and construct three
units in addition to six existing units, and to build within eight feet of the rear
property line and within five feet of the side property line. This property is 
situated on the northeast corner of Mesquite Avenue and 23rd Street on Lots 44, 45
and 46 of Block 1, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition No. 4 In an R-1 (Single Family
Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on February 26, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for variance, and voted to recommend denial of this
application inasmuch as they felt such a use would result in material damage to
other properties in this vicinity and would be detrimental to the public welfare.

In addition, no provision was made for off street parking; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on
March 4, 1953, recommending that such variance not be granted.

WHEREAS, B.A. Saltzman filed an appeal with the Board of Commissioners on
March 4, 1953 requesting a public hearing be set.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners set the 1st day of April, 1953 to hear
and consider the above mentioned variance.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, By the Board of Commissioners that the appli-
cation of Mr. B.A. Saltzman be changed from 3 to 2 additional units, the third pro—

4-1-53