99



Carter & Beville

Atlas Desk Co.
Seibert's
Stationers Corp.
A. Carlisle

All items delivered in 6 Months

BIDS - #47.27	The following invitations to bid were issued for opening at this time:

Concession for

Swimming Pool	INVITATION TO BID

ITEM NO.	Description

1	The City of La s Vegas is requesting bids for the exclusive permit

to operate a food trailer on city property in the Central Park Area
adjacent to the Central Swimming Pool in accordance with the rules
and regulations attached hereto and made a part of this invitation
to bid.

RULES & REGULATIONS

The City of Las Vegas is requesting bids for an exclusive permit to operate
a food vending trailer on city property in the Central Park area and specifically
in relation to the swimming pool operation, said trailer to be of the type that may
be removed from the premises each day upon closing of the park area. In no instances
is the trailer to be located within 300 feet of the entrance to the Ball Park or the a
adjoining parking area.

Each bidder is requested to furnish a list of the merchandise and articles to
be sold and show the quantity or the unit of each item together with the selling price
of each item. For example:	Ice Cream Cone 1 scoop 5¢, Ice Cream Cone 2 scoops 10¢.

The concessionaire may sell soft drinks, hot dogs, hamburgers, sandwiches, Ice cream
products, candy, cigarettes, bathers supplies, and may rent to the public, if they
desire, towels and bathing suits. The sale of chewing gum is definitely prohibited in
connection with this operation. All drinks must be served in paper cups to avoid
broken glass in the area of the pool. No food or drink will be allowed within the
pool enclosure and the concessionaire will be expected to assist in the regulation of
this matter.

Each bidder will be required to secure a city license to cover this operation
which includes a permit for the piece of equipment at $5.00 per quarter and the minimum
business license fee of $15.00 per quarter based upon the volume of sales. If sales
exceed $3000 per month but are less than $5000 the quarterly license fee will be $22.50.

If the sales exceed $5000 per month the quarterly license will be $30.00.

Successful bidder must furnish adequate public liability insurance.

The Central Swimming Pool will open on or before August 1, 1947, and will remain
open through September of this year. Annually thereafter the pools will open on or about
May 1st and remain open through September 30, patronage warranting.

The only bid received on the foregoing invitation to bid was from
Cecil Lynch, 906 South 3rd Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, which is as
follows:

Mr. Lynch will pay the city of Las Vegas 20% of his
gross sales for such a permit and requests the permit
for a period of two years with an option of two years.

At this time the City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall arrived.

BIDS REFERRED	Commissioner Moore moved that the bids be referred to the auditor

	for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

TIVOLI TAVERN	Commissioner Moore moved that the license for the Tivoli Tavern for

Applicants	the third quarter of 1947 be written to include the Estate of Robert

H. Burrows dba Tivoli Tavern. J. B. Gaut's name is to remain also.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

CONTRACT AUDIT	Commissioner Clark moved that the Contract Audit No. A-54061 covering

No. A-54016	standby electric service for the police and fire departments be approved

Standby Electric	for the period from August 28, 1947 to and including August 28, 1952,

Service	and the Mayor and City clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Ba skin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting 

aye. Noes, none.