OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 10th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
10th day of May, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Marble City Clerk and deputy
City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Down, and Perry and City Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that a taxi
license to granted to Anona Mae Yockam to operate a cab from the N.W. corner of Second and Fremont Street at
the side of the Apache Hotel.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commis-
sioners Down, and Perry.

The minutes of all regular, recessed regular and special meetings of the Board of Commissioners for Feb-
ruary 17th to March 27th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned until Thurs-
day the 13th day of May at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 13th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
13th day of May, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, and Marble, City Clerk
and Deputy City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry and City Attorney Taylor.

Mr. Claude Mackey, Local Manager of the WPA appeared before the Board at this time and reported that as
soon as his detailed reports covering projects for the City of Las Vegas were completed and ready for the State
office he would forward a copy of the same to the Board of City Commissioners.

On motion of Commissioner Down seceded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the following
be granted retail beverage licenses for the year 1937:

Flem Ellis, J.D. Porter, and D.G. Lorenzi.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board at this time proceeded to make a canvass of the vote cast at the General City election held on
the 4th day of May, 1937, for the election of one City Commissioners of the Second Class, one City Commissioner
of the Fourth Class, a City Clerk, and the vote on Proposition No.l, and the Bond Issue for the sale of bonds for
the installation or construction of a "Municipal Power System" the result of said canvass being as follows:

FOR COMMISSIONERS OF THE SECOND CLASS

Jas. H. Down

Joe S. Ronnow