Commissioner Corradetti proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and
the same was seconded by Commissioner Krause, and upon being put to vote, said Resolution
was adopted by the following vote; Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that this meeting recess until Friday the 27th day of January, 1939 at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed to meet Friday January 27th, 1939 at 10 A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 27th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of January, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Ronnow and Luce.

Mr.	E.O. Underhill appeared before the Board in regard	to	license fees and regulations

to	be	set	forth in an amendment to the "Liquor Ordinance" to	be	considered to-day. Mr. Under-

hill was assured by Mayor Marble that what ever new licenses would be incorporated into the
liquor ordinance they would not be prohibitive.

Mrs. Ethel Rapoport appeared before the Board in regard to protection and rules governing
minors in taverns and liquor stores.

Mrs. Rapoport was informed that all proprietor and managers of liquor stores should be
very careful to whom sales were made so as not to violate any of the Federal, State, County or
City licenses or laws.

The	Board at this time read and discussed an amendment	to	the "Liquor License Ordinance"

as	same had been prepared by the City Attorney at the direction	of the Board of Commissioners.

At the hour of 12:20 noon no definite decision being reached in regard to some sections
the Board recessed until the hour of five o'clock P.M. this date.

Present at 5 o'clock P.M. Mayor Marble, Commissioners Luce Ronnow and Corradetti and City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Krause.

At this time the following entitled Ordinance was read for the first time; An ordinance
to amend Section 4, Section 16 as amended of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas, en-
titled: "An ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intoxicating and alcoholic
liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions said intoxicating and
alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise distributed; pro-
viding for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance; and
repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," and to further amend
said ordinance No. 203 by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 18 (a). "

Upon being put to vote said ordinance was adopted by the following vote: Commissioners
Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Krause.

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper for two consecutive issues. This ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 246.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the "fleet insurance" policy covering all rolling stock of the City be renewed with Cragin
and Pike, and that each insurance agency in the City share and share alike in the premium.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that three slot machine licenses be granted to Ray Murphy at the Apache Hotel Lobby.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.