The City Manager reported that in 1956 the City had received a quitclaim
deed from Mrs. Ada Weber for the dedication of Bracken Avenue, and Mrs.
Weber has received a notice from the Assessor requesting payment of taxes
on this property. Mr. Kennedy explained that Mrs. Weber has asked that
the City take care of the tax on this property since she deeded the same
to the City without cost.

Discussion was held and the City Manager was instructed to advise the
Clark County Assessor that this property belongs to the City, and the
City is exempt from taxes.

Mr. Kennedy presented a purchase requisition to Douglas Oil Company for
80 tons of S-C-4 Road Oil Mix for the proposed improvement of East Bon-
anza Road to North 25th Street. The City Manager explained that this
improvement was scheduled for the near future, and recommended approval
of this requisition in the total amount of $3,040.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8857 to Douglas
Oil Company for 80 tons of S-C-4 Road Oil Mix in the total amount of
$3,040.00 be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the appointment of H. E. DeVilliers to the
Electrical Examining Board. The City Manager advised the Commission
that Mr. DeVilliers regrets that he is unable to accept the appointment.

Commissioner Sharp moved the appointment of H. E. DeVilliers as the lay
member of the Electrical Examiners Board be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that the Cash Assessment District for the paving
of Bracken Avenue between 6th and 7th Streets be abandoned. The City
Manager explained that all of the property owners would not agree to
make this assessment, and therefore the improvement cannot be installed.

Mr. Kennedy further requested that the deposit of Mr. Carl Huffey on
this assessment district in the amount of $540.07 be returned.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Cash Assessment District for the paving
of Bracken between 6th and 7th Streets be abandoned, and the Comptroller
and Treasurer authorized to issue a warrant refunding the deposit of Mr.
Carl Huffey in the amount of $540.07.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Dave Boyer and Z. D. Lowman be reappointed
as members of the Solicitations Review Board, said terms to expire in
December of 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. D. D. Smalley be appointed as a member
of the Board of Electrical Examiners, representing the electrical utility
company and replacing Mr. Jack Prenderville who has resigned, for the un-
expired term ending January, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the recommendation from the Engineering Depart-
ment that the bid for the installation of paving on East Bonanza Road be-
tween 13th and 14th Streets opened earlier in this meeting, be awarded to
Wells Cargo Inc., the low bidder in the total amount of $1066.40.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the bid for paving of Bonanza between
13th and 14th be awarded to Wells-Cargo, Inc. in the total amount of
$1066.40, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

BRACKEN AVENUE
RIGHT-OF-WAY
Tax Payment -
Ada Weber

PURCHASE OF ROAD
OIL MIX
Bonanza Road

ELECTRICAL EXAMINING
BOARD

Resignation



BRACKEN AVENUE
Assessment District
Abandoned

SOLICITATIONS REVIEW
BOARD

Reappointments

ELECTRICAL EXAMINING
BOARD

Appointment



PAVING OF BONANZA
13th to 14th

Bid Awarded