ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance book No, 1. of said City the vote being as
follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor, voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board in February

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada February 5th, 1913.

A t a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held pursuant, to adjournment Present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor protem, Commissioners
W.J. Stewart, J.J. Coughlin, and Mc Govern.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read, all claims allowed per
claim book., reports of officers read and approved.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request of Louis c. Kelsey for the sum of
$98.81 balance due him for services rendered as City Engineer during the construction of the
Las Vegas sewer system. after due consideration upon the part of the Board the following resolution
 was adopted towit:- Whereas the Hon. Louis C. Kelsey has performed his work as Conclusion
Engineer for the said City of Las Vegas, in a manner to command the respect and admination of
the Citizen's of said City, and whereas the said Louis C. Kelsey as filed and placed for record 

in said City a map and plat covering the sewer system of said City be it resolved that it is
the unanimous voice of this Board that he be extended a vote of thanks for services rendered said
City, and be it further resolved that the City Clerk is hereby instructed to draw his warrant
for the balance due said Louis C. Kelsey and the City Treasurer is hereby instructed to pay the
same, the vote being cast as follows towit. W.J. Stewart, aye, J.J. Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye.
and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance regulating Excavations in streets
alleys, sidewalks, highways, public squares and places in the City of Las Vegas, and other
matters relating thereto, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion 
duly made and carried ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading in March meeting
of the Board, the vote being as follows towit:- W.J. Stewart, aye, J.J. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern
aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

The	question of a Jailor coming on before the Board it was after due consideration upon

the	part	of	the Board upon	motion of	Mc Govern	and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered

that the Police and Fire Commissioners be instructed to taKe up the matter of Jailer with Roy 

T. Lockett and report at the next meeting of the Board, the vote being as follows towit:-
W.J. Stewart, aye , J.J. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye. and his honor the Mayor protem voting
aye.

At this time the Members of the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board regarding
the	grading	of the streets	in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and after due consideration upon

the	part	of	the Board, and	talks and	a general	discussion by both members	of the Board of City

Commissioners and members of the Chamber of Commerce it was upon motion of Coughlin and seconded
by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that the Street Commissioner of said City be allowed the

sum of Twenty five dollars per month to hire and assistant to assist him in the grading an d
repairing of the streets in said City, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye.

A.D. 1913.