There was then considered by the Board the plat heretofore presented and referred to in
the foregoing resolution, the same being entitled: "Las Vegas Development Co. Addition" (a resub-
division of Blocks 16, 17 and 18, of Ladd’s Addition), and after due consideration the following
resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED: That the map of Las Vegas Development Co., Addition, which has been presented
to the Board, be and the same is hereby approved, and the Mayor is hereby authorized and directed
to execute the said approval, the same to be attested by the Clerk of this Board, under the seal
of the City.



A vote was then taken upon the foregoing resolution, with the following results:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch, and his Honor, the Mayor, voting "Aye". "Noes", none. Said resolution
was thereupon declared unanimously adopted:

The following applications for slot machines and liquor were referred to the police

commissioner:



M. H. Burke	Texaco Station, 5th	& 	Fremont	1 slot	machine

M. H. Burke	Richfield Station,	5th	&	Fremont	1 slot	machine.

Evelyn Beatty	Associated Station	"	Carson	1 slot	machine

George Miller	Main & Charleston	beer license

Mark S. Schulman 1500 Fremont	Retail	beverage and sealed

package liquor license

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Harold Case in the sum of $19.31 for expenses
incurred while bringing fire truck from Los Angeles be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of J. M. Ritter for return of $100 cash bond
deposited with the city as a plumbing contractor be refunded as Mr. Ritter is no longer in business
in the city. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Don Orionehl for $10 for a used drafting table be
allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried and
so ordered.

Commissioner Smith moved the claim of $5 covering ambulance fee taking Mr. DeWald, a city employee
to the hospital after an accident be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. Mayor Garrison passed his vote.
Motion carried and so ordered.

A claim for plumbing installation and repair to the sewer at the police station amounting to
$323.78 was referred to the city auditor.

A claim from McDaniel and Goodwin covering repairs to a certain Chrysler car used by the police
department in the sum of $48.45 was referred to the auditor.

A.	C. Grant presented A claim for $17.78 for additional work on a Ford Sedan done in September,

1941	which was referred to the auditor.

A claim from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company for $188.80 covering installation of fire
hydrants in Mayfair Tract #1 was referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Smith moved that 5000 forms for reporting Nevada Industrial Insurance be purchased.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that 1-15 gallon drum of pine Germ oil be purchased for $30 and that
the purchasing agent to ascertain what savings would be had if purchased in larger quantities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tincha and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux.
Smith, Tinch and his Honor Mayor Garrison voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a used coupe automobile from the following firms were opened at this time:

McDaniel Goodwin Company	1 1940 Chrysler	$1000

"	”	"	1 1939	"	700.00

Mr. Bird	1939 Ford DeLuxe	600.00

Porter & Baskin	1940 Studebaker	795.00

”	”	Mercury	1095.00

”	”	Studebaker	695.00

”	”	1941	Zepher	1495.00

”	”	1940	St. Business	Coupe	695.00

"	"	1938	Plymouth	395.00

Bids on an old model T Ford owned by the city were opened from the following people:



Bill Lawrence $20.	40 & 8 - $25.00.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the highest bid be accepted and the city retain the pump on said
car. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter signed by Mrs A. J. Feetham citing certain violations of Ordinance 260, was read
and referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Cragin & Pike for $184.89 and of 01 A. Kimball
for $603.44 covering additional insurance on city property be allowed. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the police department be authorized to repair two motorcycles
which were damaged as a result of a collision caused by an army truck hitting them while
parked making an investigation. Further, that if the soldiers driving said car are held
 personally liable for the damage that the city stand said damage. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch voting aye.



Mayor Garrison passed his vote.