the South right-of-way line of Bridger Avenue; SIXTH STREET from the North right-
of-way line of Fremont Street to the North right-of-way line of Linden Avenue;

SEVENTH STREET from the South right-of-way line of Garces Avenue to the South
right-of-way line of Clark Avenue, from the North right-of-way line of Carson Ave-
nue to the South right-of-way line of Fremont Street, from the North right-of-way
line of Fremont Street to the North right-of-way line of Ogden Avenue, and from
the South right-of-way line of Stewart Avenue to the South property line of Hell-
dorado Village; EIGHTH STREET from the North right-of-way line of Bridger Avenue
to the South right-of-way line of Carson Avenue, from the North right-of-way line
of Carson Avenue to the South right-of-way line of Fremont Street, and from a point
100 feet North of North right-of-way line of Fremont Street to the South right-of-
way line of Mesquite Avenue; NINTH STREET from the North right-of-way line of Gass
Avenue to the South right-of-way line of Bonneville Avenue; from the North right-
of-way line of Fremont Street to the North right-of-way line of Ogden Avenue; GAR-
CES AVENUE from the East right-of-way line of Main Street to the West right-of-way
line of Fifth Street and from the East right-of-way line of Fifth Street to the
East right-of-way line of Seventh Street; BONNEVILLE AVENUE from the East right-
of-way line of Main Street to the West right-of-way line of Fifth Street and from
the East right-of-way line of Sixth Street to the East right-of-way line of Sev-
enth Street; CLARK AVENUE from the East right-of-way line of Main Street to the
West right-of-way line of Fifth Street and from the East right-of-way line of Fifth
Street to the East right-of-way line of Sixth Street; LEWIS AVENUE from the East
right-of-way line of Main Street to the East right-of-way line of Fourth Street;

OGDEN AVENUE from the East right-of-way line of Fifth Street to the East right-
of-way line of Ninth Street; STEWART AVENUE from the East right-of-way line of
Fifth Street to the East right-of-way line of Ninth Street; MESQUITE AVENUE from
the East right-of-way line of Fifth Street to the West right-of-way line of Eighth
Street; LINDEN AVENUE from the west right-of-way line of Sixth Street to the East
right-of-way line of Seventh Street.

Section 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, in-
cluding all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys,
plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation pro-
perly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by spe-
cial assessments made according to the benefits against the owners and the assess-
able lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and in-
cluded within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said improvements
are deemed to be $80,334.6l and the total of the special assessments so levied
shall be in that amount.

Section 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon
any such lot or premises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown
upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, but
such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of
the General Fund.

Section 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nev-
ada, the acting Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall
prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, an
assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the aforemen-
tioned special assessment district, such relative portion of the whole sum to
be levied in said district, as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit
resulting to such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

Section 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed the
assessment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certifi-
cate endorse on the assessment roll which certificate shall be in the form prescrib-
ed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared
and reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and
numbered.

Section 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed
by said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto
with the City Clerk on or before Monday, the 27th day of April, 1953, at 8:00
o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said. City, and said time and place are hereby
fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and
Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special
assessment roll and to review said assessment.

Section 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk,
she shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor
will meet to review the assessments at least once a week for two weeks in the Las
Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Said notice shall
be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as
aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners and the ExOfficio City Assessor shall meet
and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any objec-
tion to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved
thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any
assessment or description of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and
approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment
back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new
assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

Section 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City
Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation,
which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

Section 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as