OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. August 17, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of August, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Pre-
sent: Commissioner W. B. Mundy, as Mayor Pro. Tem.; Commissioners W. C. German, Roy Neagle, O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Pro. Tem.

The Las Vegas Land & Water Company made a request to the Board to grant a permit to use the
alleys, streets, and avenues of the original Townsite of Las Vegas for the construction mainten-
ance of a water system, and presented a draft of permit in the following form:

PERMIT TO LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER COMPANY

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER
COMPANY, a corporation, to install lay and maintain water pipe lines
and water mains and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary
and proper appliances used in connection therewith, or appurtenant
thereto, in, through, over, across, under or along each and all of the
avenues, streets and alleys of the Original Townsite of Las Vegas, in
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, according to
the official and recorded plat of survey of said Original Townsite, for
the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of said Original Townsite of
Las Vegas with water for all necessary and useful purposes.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to make
the necessary excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys; provided,
said Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, ave-
nues or alleys, promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its
former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of La? Vegas,
now in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the
making of excavations in such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold the City of Las Vegas harmless from any and
all liability for damages to persons or property caused by such exca-
vations made in the streets, avenues or alleys within the territory to
which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this Permit is granted it is pro-
vided:

1.	That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to
make all necessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining
of all water pipe and apparatuses, and shall have the power to change
the rules and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may
seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct
the change in location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains,
laterals and appliances, and to establish and change the grades of said
streets, avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains,
laterals and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the
same shall not damage or obstruct the use of said streets, avenues or
alleys for travel or for public uses by reason of leakages or other-
wise.

4.	Said Permittee will install and maintain at least fifteen
fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from
time to time designate, at actual cost of labor and material, the same
to be paid for by said City upon presentation of verified claim or
claims therefor to said City in the manner required by law. No charge
shall be made or claimed against said City for the use of water from
said system through said fire plugs by said City in the extinguishment
of fires or the sprinkling of streets, avenues or alleys, nor for the
flushing of sewer mains.

A violation of any of the previsions of this Permit shall be
ground for and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in
part, or said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the Law
permits. Said City hereby reserves all rights incident to the

grantor of a permit.