pro tem Thos. R. Hodgens aye. Noes none.

At this time S.W. Craner appeared before the Board and asked for permission to run water
pipes through the alleys and streets of Buck's Addition for the purpose of conveying water for
domestic use from an artesian well at 8th & Carson streets to certain residences in Buck's Addn.
Whereupon it was upon motion of Commissioner Anderson and seconded by Commissioner Martin that the
City Attorney be and he is hereby, directed to draw up a permit in conformity with the above, all-
owing Mr. Craner do so pipe said artesian water, which shall be duly approved by this Board. Vot-
ing Commissioners Martin and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, pro tem, Thomas. R. Hodgens. Noes
none.

At this time Steve Aguirre appeared before the Board and asked for permission of this Board
to place a sign, advertising his place of business across Fremont Street at the Corner of Third
Street, and it was the order of the Board that the same be laid over until the next meeting.

At this time it was upon motion duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until
the Next regular meeting to be held at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on Tuesday, October 4th, 1921.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

Las Vegas, Nevada, October 4,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 4th day of October, A.D. 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m.

Present, Mayor Chas. Ireland with Commissioners Lou Martin, Frank Brickie and Harry N. Anderson,
Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens, being absent; together with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting the
statement of the Standard Oil Co., which was turned over to the Street Commissioner, Lou Martin for
further investigation.

Mr. E.E. Smith appeared before the Board with regard to the disposal of rubbish along the pub-
lic roads inside the City Limits and at the edge of town, where people throw refuse instead of tak-
ing it to the City damping ground. This matter was taken under advisement.

At the request of Mr. S.J. Craner to lay and maintain a pipe line in Buck's Addition for supplying

water for domestic uses a permit was granted upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner



Brickie and duly carried. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie, Anderson and his Honor the Mayor,
Chas.Ireland aye. Hoes none.

It was the farther order of the Board upon motion by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commiss-
ioner Brickie and duly carried, that Mr. Craner sign with the City, a permit drawn up by the City
Attorney. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie and Anderson and his Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland
aye. Hoes none.

In the matter of the Communication of the Federal Power Commission, it was resolved that the
Communication be answered, acknowledging receipt and stating that the City of Las Vegas through its
Mayor and Commissioners has no objection to the application of the City of Los Angeles covering pro-
posed power development on the Colorado river; provided, that if the application of the City of
Los Angeles be accepted that the said applicant be compelled to start work on said power project
within one year, and that when so completed the rights of the State of Nevada be fully guaranteed
in that the said state be allowed preferential rates and the rates for power so charged be subject
to supervision by the Nevada Railroad Commission. Moved by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner 

Brickie and duly carried. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie and Anderson and his