It further appearing the Board ordered that a notice of the proposed sewerage improvements
be published, and

It further appearing that such notice was given by publication and that said notice pro-
vided that any suggestions or objections by parties in interest to the proposed improvements
should be made by 7:30 P.M., the 16th of April, 1942 at the City Hall in the City of Las
Vegas, and

It further appearing that no such objections were made.

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the proposed improvements upon the foregoing
described property, to-wit:

All of that property on Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets located between Clark and

Charleston Avenues

be made as per estimate of expenses and diagrams of said work now on file with the City Clerk
of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada for public inspection, and

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that said expenses thereof be paid by special assessment levied
upon the property above mentioned, and

IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that the City Assessor levy said assessment and the City
Treasurer collect the same.

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing Resolution. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

By motion of Commissioner Clark, seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux the application of
Malcolm C. Welch for a gaming license at 122-24 South 1st Street was denied. Vote: Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Noes, none. Passed Commissioner Smith and His Honor,

Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the following gaming licenses be granted:

16 slot machines to R. Roschl at the following addresses: 807 S. Main, 110 S. 2nd, 128 S. 1st
202 N. 1st, 118 N. 1st, 508 Fremont, 114 Fremont, 123 S. 5th, 125½ S. 1st and Clock Cafe.

Frank Lancaster 1 slot machine Underpass Store, West Side, 2 slot machines at 218 N. 1st.

Boulder Drug 121 Fremont 1. R. D Furry, 313 N. Main 1. Thomas & Fescher, 118 S. 2nd
2. W. A. Jones 5th & Fremont 2. Jimmie Fulcher 3rd & Fremont 1, Clark Avenue, W. S. 1,

207 Fremont 3, 6 Fremont 1. John Stathis 105 S. 1st 2. Commissioner Smith seconded the motion.

Vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that application for taxi stands of R. E. McKimmey at the
following locations be granted: 114 S. 5th Street; West side of south Second about 36' north
of Carson Street Property line; West side of South 3rd Street, about 15' south of the

Fremont Street property line; and adjacent to 300 Clark Avenue, W. S. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the agreement, as submitted by the city attorney, between
the city of Las Vegas and the Heating and Air Conditioning Supply Incorporated, for heating
and cooling of the Administration building at the airport be approved and the Mayor and clerk
authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The report of the city attorney was read.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the city attorney be accepted with the
exception of the payment of $150 to Wm. Trelease, pending investigation as to whether or not
insurance has been collected or is going to be collected for the damage done to his automobile
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux and Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Passed: Commissioner Tinch.

A letter was read from the Western Air Lines, Inc. regarding the relocation of fueling
facilities and concrete apron for loading and unloading passengers at the airport. Commissioner
Clark moved that the city clerk be instructed to write a letter to the Western Air Lines stating
that they will in no way be responsible for the removal of the gasolene tanks. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from City Treasurer, Wm. B. Mundy and F. C. DeVinney, City Assessor,
regarding an additional salary for their chief deputies. The letter was ordered referred to
the city attorney.

A letter from Mr. Elser regarding the waste of water caused by water coolers installed

in the government houses was read. Matter was referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Smith moved that the County of Clark be billed for $1500 to defray their
part of the salary and expense of the Planning Engineer for a period of six months beginning 3/15/42. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the Brown Furniture Store regarding the purchasing of certain furniture for

the house at the golf course was read. Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter be referred

to the Golf Board asking them for an opinion as to the need of said furniture. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Wilma Fanatia be paid $50 for an office desk now in use
at the Police Station. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that two sets of Nevada Compiled Laws be purchased from Bender Moss
for $50. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners