BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be, and she is
hereby authorized and directed to have official prepared and to do and perform all such
other or further acts, and give such notices as me be necessary or required by the Charter
of said city or by the general election laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said
election may be called and held, and that the qualified voters of said city may have due
notice thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all provisions of the general election laws of the State
of Nevada, so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said City
Charter of the said City of Las Vegas, shall be observed in conducting said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor or Mayor Pro. Tem. of said City of Las Vegas be
and he is hereby authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding
of said election, and that such proclamation contain the information necessary to fairly
apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the date, time, and place of hold-
ing and purposes of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that such election proclamation be published in the Las Vegas
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, for one issue not less than six weeks prior to the date of such
election, and that printed copies of such proclamation be posted forthwith by the City Clerk
of said City in not less than three conspicuous places in each election precinct.

The ballot at such election shall contain such further questions as may properly
be submitted to the vote of the qualified electors of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 31st day of March, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CLARK COUNTY.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

MARCH 31st, 1933 

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, held on the 31st day of March 31st, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following answered roll call, May Cragin, Commissioners
Mundy, German, Thomas, City Attorney and City Clerk

Commissioner Hansell absent.

A Petition from Cora J. Noblitt petitioning the Board of Commissioners to
approve the proposed amended plat of of the Noblitt Addition to the City of Las Vegas in
the form presented to the Board of Commissioners at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved and carried that the plat, amended, as presented to the Board of Commissioners be
approved, and same be signed by the Mayor and Attest by the City Clerk. Proof being also
presented to the Board at this time of the same bearing a clear title in the name of said
Cora J. Noblitt.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time a petition was also presented to the Board for its consideration
to allow angle parking on Fremont Street from Main to Third Streets, said petition being
signed by a number of property owners, and proprietors of business in said mentioned blocks,

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
and carried that said petition for angle parking on Fremont Street from Main to Third Street
be denied, and that the Clerk be directed to write M.E. Ward, circulator of said petition to
that effect.

Vote on said petition being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was
moved and carried that the Publicity Fund pay to the following upon demand:

Chamber of Commerce	$300.00

Veterans of Foreign Wars	500.00

Street Fund (for cement)	200.00

Said amounts to be paid upon demand only.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.