At this time upon motion being duly made and carried the Board adjourned until 1:00 o'clock

P.M.

Board convened again at 1:00 o'clock P.M. present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and members
Curtiss, Griffith, and Smith. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board proofs of posting and publishing of Notice of
Intention of streets work on the fowling streets in said City, the East side of First street
East side side of second street, North side of Fremont street, and south side of Fremont as
appears more fully on file with the Clerk of this Board to which attention is hereby directed.

At this time the Mayor asked the Clerk of the Board if any objections to said proposed
street work has been filed as by law provided and being informed that none had been filed the
Clerk was then instructed to read said proposed Ordinances for said street work: Whereupon the
Clerk read an Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Providing for the Improvement of Fremont
Street by constructing Cement, Concrete Sidewalks on the North side of said street, and providing
for the payment therefor by special assessment, whereupon motion being duly made and carried
it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Providing for the Improvement of Fremont Street by
Constructing Cement, Concrete Sidewalks on the south Side of said street, and Providing for the
payment therefor by Special Assessment. was read for the first time before the Board and upon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second
reading before the Board at there regular meeting to be held in February. 1914.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of First Street by
constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the East side of said street, and providing for the
payment therefor by special assessment was read before the Board for the first time whereupon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading
before the Board at there regular meeting to be held on the first Wednesday in February 1914.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of second street by
constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the East side of said street, and providing for the
payment therefor by special assessment, was read before the Board for the first time and upon
upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the
second reading of the Board at there regular meeting to be held in February, 1914.

The question of advertising for bids for said proposed street work in said City of Las Vegas
Nevada coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Clerk
and Mayor of said City are hereby authorized to advertise for said bids for said propose d sidewalk
work said bids to be filed with the Clerk of this Board not later than Wednesday the 4th, day
of February A.D. 1914. at ten o'clock A.M. of said day. and it was further ordered by said Board
that separate proposals or bids shall be made on each of the four above mentioned pieces of work

Said sidewalks and each of them shall	be constructed to the official line grade and width and

shall be constructed in accordance with and as provided in the specifications for sidewalks work
set forth in Ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las Vegas. The amount and extent of each of said

pieces of work shall be as 	shown on the plats and digrams thereof on file with said City Clerk

taken in connection with the notice of intention of said Board of doing said work heretofore
posted and published and also in connection with the ordinance ordering said work. The contract
for said work on each of said pieces will be let to the lowest responsible bidder in each case
The Board reserves the right to reject any and all bids a good and sufficient bond for the faithful
performance of the contract and to indemnify labors and material men in fifty per cent. of the
contract price will be required to be given by the contractor in each of such contracts. Contracts
shall provide that payments for work are to be made out of special assessment funds as heretofore
determined. Each of said contracts will provide that the Contractor shall receive fifty per cent
of the contract price upon the completion of each such contract, and the remainder of the contract