598

VARIANCE APPLICATION R. B. Griffith V-11-54  Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  The application of R. B. Griffith to operate and maintain a soft drink bottling plant at 500 West Bonanza Road in a C-2 Use District, as recommended by the Planning Commission was considered at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 17th day of February 1954 having considered the application of R.B. Griffith for a variance to operate and maintain a soft drink bottling plant at 500 West Bonanza Road; and W  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending approval of this application:  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the appli- cation of R. B. Griffith, V-ll-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VARIANCE APPLICATION John Corey V-12-54 Approved	The application of John Corey to constructed and maintain four apartments on the northwest corner of Bonneville and 11th Streets on the south 15 feet of Lot 28 and all of Lots 29 to 32, inclusive, Block 22, Pioneer Heights Subdivision, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time,.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 17th day of February, 1954 having considered the application of John Corey, for a variance to construct and maintain four apartments on the northwest corner of Bonneville and 11th Streets; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission, Recommending approval of this application:  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the appli- cation of John Corey, V-12-54 as approved by the City Planning Commission be and the same is hereby granted and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Rudy L. Oquendo V-15-54 Approved  	The application of Rudy L. Oquendo to construct and maintain a duplex at 2118 Marlin Street, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Planning
	Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 17th day of February, 1954 having considered the application of Rudy L. Oquendo for a variance to construct and maintain a duplex at 2118 Marlin Street; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending approval of this application:  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Rudy L. Oquendo, Vj-15-54 as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
USE PERMIT APPLICATION Sally Mesnick  u-4-54  Denied  	The application of Sally Mesnick to construct and maintain a new shoeshine stand on the southeast corner of Fremont and Third Streets, as recommended by the Planning Commission was considered at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commis- sion be accepted and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 17th day of February, 1954 having considered the application of Sally Mesnick for a use permit to construct and maintain a new shoeshine stand on the southeast comer of Fremont and Third Streets; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending denial of this application:  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Sally Mesnick, U-U-54, be and the same is hereby denied.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

2-17-54