OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 16th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 16th day of April at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Corradetti and Ronnow.

Minutes of regular meeting of April 4th read approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos. 332 to 336 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

John Cahlan, Juvenile Office of Las Vegas reported to the Board that alcoholic liquors had
been sold to a high school student and that he would like the Board to take action toward the
punishing of the seller of liquors to a juvenile, but before taking action Mr. Cahlan ask for
time for a thorough investigation of this matter.

It was agreed that this matter would be considered at a meeting to be held on Wednesday the
17th day of April, if Mr. Cahlan had sufficient evidence ready.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Ivan Abbott be employed as janitor at the War Memorial Building until the further order of
the Board. Salary $50.00 per mo.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A petition signed by approximately ninety property owners of Westside, Las Vegas, Nevada, pet-
itioning the City to zone a portion of Westside as a residential district with dwellings to
cost not less than $1,500.00 was read to the Board by the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the City Attorney study the said petition and if in his opinion restrictions as ask for on said
petition were possible that he prepare an amendment to the present zoning ordinance and present
same to the Board for its consideration in the near future.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase from West Brothers wheel and tires for the Harley Davidson Motorcycle used
by the Police Dept. Cost $39.50.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the V.F.W. Post of Boulder City was read to the Board wherein the said Post
ask that the City from its Publicity Fund purchase a number of stickers and give same to said
Post to be used during the Nevada Convention and Encampment in June, 1940.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write the said Post and inform them that the City of Las Vegas had been deprived
of its Publicity Fund and therefore no funds were available for this purpose. That all money for
publicity purposes must be secured from the County of Clark through its Board of County Commis-
sioners.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that J.K Shaw be granted a tavern license at 122 No 1st Street. Said application being approved
by the Chief of Police Frank Wait. Also that a club liquor license be granted to the B. P.O.

Elks, fee $25.00 per quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Russell appointed Commissioner Ronnow and Krause as a committee to investigate the
request of the Kiwanis Club in regard to securing an easement to a plot of ground in the City
Park. Said plot of ground to be improved as said Club saw fit.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded
by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Wednesday the
17th day of April, 1940 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Wednesday the 17th day of April at 2 o'clock P.M.