1950; further that said resolution be made a part of the record.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, for several years last past, an acute shortage of water has existed
in the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, to alleviate this shortage, a hearing was had before the Public
Service Commission on the 21st day of September, 1950, attempting to secure an
order to compel the Las Vegas Land and Water Company to augment the present
supply of water, and

WHEREAS, Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney, ever mindful of this great need
and necessity of the City of Las Vegas, through his efforts and abilities, was
instrumental in obtaining for the City an order which will augment the City's
water supply,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, at a meeting thereof held on the 22nd day of September, 1950,
that said City, by this Resolution, expresses its gratitude and appreciation to
Howard W. Cannon for his efforts in obtaining this result, and thereby insuring
to the citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada, the future growth and development of the
said City, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to spread a copy of this Resolution on the Minute Books of the said City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 28, 1950

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO.: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, on
the 28th day of September 1950. at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the
fallowing matters:

1.	Public Hearing - Amendment to Land Use Plan - Rezoning of

of SW¼ of SW¼ of SW¼ of Section 35, T 20 S., R 61 E.,

MDB&M from R-3 to C-2.	

2.	Public Hearing - Amendment to Land Use Plan - Rezoning of all
property between Mesquite and Bonanza Road, from 2nd Street

to North Main from R-1 to R-4.

3. Gaming Applications for the 4th Quarter of 1950.

4. Liquor Applications for the 4th Quarter of 1950.

5.	South Main Street Lighting District - Assessment District #100-7.

6.	Resolution - Regular meeting days of Board of Commissioners

7.	Resolutions:

a)	Transfer of Public Housing Project NEV-26029 to Housing
Authority of the City of Las Vegas

b)	Housing Authority Low Rent Housing Project - Street
Improvements

8.	Request of Casino operators to blockade a portion of Fremont
Street on Friday, September 29, 1950.

s/ Reed Whipple______________

Mayor Pro Tem