Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the easement from the Union Pacific Railroad for
crossing, designated as N.L.D. 3009 for the Owens Avenue Grade Crossing, said agree-
ment for obtaining this easement having been approved by resolution on August 1,

1956.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted accepting this ease-
ment:

RESOLUTION

Proposed agreement between Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company and its
Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, corporations of the State of Utah, and City
of Las Vegas whereby the Railroad Company grants to the City of Las Vegas an ease-
ment covering a grade crossing over and across the right of way of the Railroad Com-
pany on its Main Line of railroad in the vicinity of Mile Post 335.45, Las Vegas,
Nevada,

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has said proposed
agreement before it and has given it careful review and consideration; and

WHEREAS, it is considered that the best interests of said City of Las Vegas will
be subserved by the acceptance of said agreement;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

That the terms of the agreement submitted by the Railroad Company as aforesaid
be, and the same are hereby accepted in behalf of said City;

That the Mayor of said City is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to
execute said agreement on behalf of said City and that the City Clerk is hereby author-
ized and directed to attest said agreement and to attach to each duplicate original
of said agreement a certified copy of this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented the deed from Thomas T. Beam for the water rights to the
McNeil Well, approved by action of the Commission on May 16, 1956, July 10, 1956 and
March 20, 1957. Mr. Kennedy stated that the deed was on file and ready for accep-
tance by the City.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING QUIT-CLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.
Fountain, and carried the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of July, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, that the Quit-Claim Deed dated the 9th day of May, 1956, exe-
cuted by Thomas T. Beam for all of the rights in the Certificate of Appropriation of
Water in State Permit No. 10987 for Well #24, as set out in the aforementioned Quit-
claim Deed by Document No. 84465 in Book 102 of Official Records, recorded July 24,

1956 in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, be and it is hereby
accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Quit-
Claim Deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution filed in the records of this
Board.

City Manager Kennedy gave a report on the general fund balance and stated that as of
June 30, 1957 the balance is $457,249.14. He advised that the Service and Material
Warrants totaling $229,434.84 consist primarily of $108,066.77 from the Bond Fund,
$35,000 from Assessment District No. 1OO-36 Fund and refunds on a lighting district
of approximately $600.00. Mr. Kennedy stated that the gross payroll for this period was
$99,063.44.

The Commission considered the request of the Catholic Church for extension of time on
Use Permit U-43-56 granted them on January 16, 1957, to allow the construction of a
parochial school, auditorium and rectory on Alta Drive between Shetland Road and Camp-
bell Drive.

The Board was advised that the reason for the request for extension of time was the
fact that there is pending in District Court an action brought by the property owners
who protested this proposed construction, and the Church is reluctant to commence
any improvement of this property until after preliminary motions have been heard in
District Court.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the Catholic Church be granted a six (6)
month's extension of time on Use Permit U-43-56, said extension to commence as of
July 16, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented the request of John Replogle, architect for the remodel-
ing of the west wing and rear of City Hall, for payment after the presentation of
the preliminary plans.

EASEMENT -
Owens Avenue
Grade Crossing

RESOLUTION

ACCEPTING

DEED

McNeil Water
Rights

GENERAL FUND
BALANCE



USE PERMIT - U-43-56
Catholic Church
Extension of Time

CITY HALL
REMODELING