Mayor Russell presented type written copies of the number of calls made my the as egas
Police Department in connection with hospitalization and emergency treatments by local doctors
and ask the members of the Board if they approved of the police cars being used in this work.
Each of the four commissioners approved of this practise since the City of Las Vegas was without
an emergency hospital and any ambulance services except privately owner cars.

Mayor Russell at this time placed the Commissioners at the heads of the following Departments: 

Commissioner Ronnow transferred from the Finance Commissioner to Police and Fire Commis-
sioner, Commissioner Corradetti from Water Sewer and Light to Finance Commissioner and Commissioner 

Krause from Police and Fire Commissioner to Water Sewer and Light Commissioner. In mak-
ing these transfers the Mayor stated that Commissioner Ronnow had been of the opinion that the
recommendation of a man for the office of Police Chief should come from the Commissioner of that
Department and that in placing Mr. Ronnow at the head of this department he would recommend his
choice of man for the office of Chief of Police and have full and complete control of that de-
partment. Mr. Ronnow accepted this commission with that understanding. Commission Corradetti
informed the Mayor he would try to fill the office of Finance Commissioner to the best of his
ability and also ask for the assistance of the members of the Board. Commissioner Gilbert was
retained as Street Commissioner.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed to meet
Friday July 21st, 1939 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. as same had been set by motion at this
meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 21st, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 21st day of July, 1939 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk
and City Attorney.

Minutes of meeting of July 17th read and approved as read.

The Board at this meeting considered the question of wether or not to enter a protest
against the erection of a radiator to be installed by the Las Vegas Broadcasting Company on
ground adjacent to a site purchased by the City of Las Vegas for use as a municipal airport
in the future.

After some discussion on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert
it was moved and carried that the City of Las Vegas, through its Board of City Commissioners,
do not register a protest against the erection of a 180 foot vertical radiator now about to
be erected by the Las Vegas Broadcasing Company on property adjacent to a site purchased by the
City of Las Vegas with the idea in mind that the same might be used in the future as an airport.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes
none. Commissioner Krause passing his vote.

Mr. D.G. Lorenzi appeared before the Board and protested the enactment of Ordinance No.

247, governing the waste of water in the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Lorenzi had also filed a written
protest on this ordinance.

Wm. Beasley appeared before the Board and protested the license fee placed upon the
operators of trucks in the City of Las V gas. Mr. Beasley was informed that the Board might
consider a change in this fee but until such time as a change was made, through the proper
actions of the Board, the fee was a just claim and should be paid at once by all persons oper-
ating trucks in the City of Las Vegas.

This being the time set for a discussion by the City Board and the Milk Inspector in regard
to milk inspection for the City of Las Vegas and the co-operation of the Board of Clark County
Commissioners the Board entered into a discussion on this matter so that they might be informed
of the various phases of this question when the same would be discussed at a joint meeting of
the Board of County Commissioners and City Commissioners to be held on Monday July 24th, 1939.

The meeting then recessed to meet Thursday July 27th at the hour of seven thirty P.M.
as said date of meeting had been set at the recessed meeting of the Board held on the 17th day
of July, 1939.