SERVICE AND MATERIAL   Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Warrants No. 109 in the
WARRANTS	sum of $1,140.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ALTURAS AVENUE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that Alturas Avenue be vacated as per plat on file.

VACATION THEREOF	Further that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign said plat.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;	 

noes none.

HUMANE SOCIETY LEASE   Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to negotiate

a lease and agreement with the Humane Society.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ISOLATION WARD	  Commissioner Bates moved to approve the action of the City Manager and	 

Mayor Cragin taken on May 6th on the agreement they entered into with the	 

County Commissioners on moving one of the NERA Buildings on Westside to
a location adjoining the County Hospital, the City to pay the cost of
moving said building; and expenses thereafter to be borne fifty-fifty with
the County. The City Manager to be authorized to expend up to $2,000 to
put the building into shape as the City’s share. Said money to be taken
from the Contingency Fund.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

SEWER SYSTEM	 	Commissioner Clark moved that it being the understanding of the Board of

Commissioners and Mayor that the original understanding with the FWA
was to the effect that the City of Las Vegas need not at any time purchase
said system nor pay a rental on s aid system, the City Manager is authorized
to inform the FWA that the City of Las Vegas will enter into a lease
agreement with the said FWA whereby the City of Las Vegas will bear all
maintenance and operation costs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VETERANS FOREIGN   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the Veterans of
WARS APPLICATION   Foreign Wars for use of City property for carnival purposes be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

FEDERAL GRAZING SERVICE   Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas will enter into a lease
LEASE	  agreement with the Grazing Service for use of land now occupied by C.C.C.

Buildings for a term of one year with the privilege of renewing said lease
for a longer period if the ground is not needed for City purposes after
the yearly period.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

RECREATION DEPARTMENT   Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to submit the
RESOLUTION	following resolution to the Federal Works Agency for financial assistance

in the construction of a Recreation Project.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the population of the City of Las Vegas has increased from
8,400 to approximately 19,500 in the last three years, and	 

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas has public recreational facilities 
which are barely adequate to provide normal recreation for a peace-time
population of 8,400, and

WHEREAS approximately 70% of the present population of the City of
Las Vegas are directly connected with defense projects in this area, to wit:

Las Vegas Army Air Base; Basic Magnesium, Inc; Manganese Ores; and the

Union Pacific Railroad, a vital war arterial, and	 

WHEREAS the effectiveness of these war projects has been impaired as
a result of labor turnover, partially due to inadequate public recreational
facilities, now therefore

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that application be made to the
Federal Government through the Federal Works Agency for financial assistance
to construct adequate facilities to provide recreation for the personnel
of the above-mentioned defense projects, and

 	 	BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all necessary information, reports, maps

and preliminary drafts necessary for said application be prepared in order
that a fully adequate and complete report may be submitted to the Federal
Government by and through the Federal Works Agency, and