Medical Arts Building	131 North	3rd	Sutton	Vending	,

Ward's Mobile Service	200 North	5th	Sutton	Vending

Greyhound Bus Depot	110 South	Main	Sutton	Vending

New Yorker	115 South	1st	Sutton	Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following

No. 100-9	resolution:

Resolution

RESOLUTION



WHEREAS, certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas are
without adequate street improvements, and

WHEREAS, numerous oral requests have been made that these streets be improved,

and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners are desirous that the streets and portions
of streets in the City of Las Vegas, hereinafter described, be improved,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 18th day of April, 1951, that the City
Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare, and file with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams,
plans of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of cost for
constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters and 70' of storm
sewer wherever said improvements are missing on the following described streets, to-wit:

All of Lewis Avenue from the east property line of Spencer
Avenue to the west gutter line of Bruce Street; all of Circle
Drive from the north gutter line of Lewis Avenue to the west
gutter line of Bruce Street.

From the south gutter line of Fremont Avenue to a point 7.73'
south of the center line of Lewis Avenue running west from
Bruce Street and the west one-half (½) of Bruce Street from
a point 7.73' south of the center line of Lewis Avenue run-
ning west to the existing construction on Charleston Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

REQUEST TO PLANT	Commissioner Whipple moved the request from the American Gold Star Mothers of

TREES	Las Vegas for permission to plant trees in the City Park be accepted.

Gold Star Mothers

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Moore moved that Wells Cargo Inc. the successful bidder on

NO* 100-2	Assessment District No. 100-2 be notified to commence work on the instal-

	lation of improvements in this district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

TAX RATE REDUCTION	Commissioner Peccole moved the Nevada State Tax Commission be notified

that the City of Las Vegas is willing to accept the five cent reduction

	   in the tax rate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

NEW YORKER BAR -	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the report from the Police De-

Liquor License Denied	partment the application of Frank Swope, The New Yorker Bar, 115 South

1st Street for a Tavern liquor license be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time heretofore set for the rezoning of a portion of the

Rezoning of Harper Tract	NE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M from R—E (Residence

Estates) to R-2 (Two-family Residence), commonly known as the Harper
	 Track, His Honor Mayor Cragin read the notice of public hearing as pub-

lished in the Las Vegas Review Journal.

Mr. A. C. Grant, Chairman of the City of Las Vegas Housing Authority Board
spoke first stating the need for low income housing and the type of con-
struction of this proposed housing project.

Thereafter the following people voiced their protest to the rezoning of
this property:

Martha Bell	Dick	Ronzone	Mrs. Walter Fisk

Robert E. Jones	Mrs.	Helen Rasmussen            Mrs. Hazel Longo

Mrs. Russell Bean	Mrs.	Van Houghten	R. E. Rockwell

Donald Kinyon	Mrs.	Ben Davey	P. J. Cord

Mary Quinn	Mrs. Hermanjat	Mrs. J. A. Haggard

Maxwell Kelch	Verner Ballard