authorize the use of the sidewalks and streets of the City of
Las Vegas, or other public property as prohibited by Section 6 of
these rules and regulations.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, hereby disapproves and condemns any organized
program of any licensee subject to the foregoing rules and regulations,
which induces patrons of the downtown area to leave said area by
means of free transportation to, or to receive free entertainment
at, places located outside of the City of Las Vegas, provided,
however, that nothing herein shall be construed to apply to free
transportation or free entertainment which may be offered occasionally
to personal friends or regular customers of any such licensee.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that any willful and intentional violation
of this Resolution by any person subject thereto, shall be deemed
sufficient basis for the issuance of an order to show cause why
such person's license to do business should not be suspended or
revoked.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Bunker - Jones for
additional time to prepare the City audit, due to the fact they
were delayed by reason of the audit on Urban Renewal.

Commissioner Sharp moved Bunker - Jones be given an additional
thirty days in which to prepare the City audit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised that letters had been received from the
Berkeley Square Improvement Association, complaining about the
condition of the Juleart Trailer Court, located at "H" and Owens.

Mr. Kennedy stated the Juleart Trailer Court was located in the
proper zone and had authority to have 48 trailers; however, there
were sanitary and building conditions which required correction
and Mr. Clark, the owner of the Trailer Court, was doing his utmost
to correct the situation.

Mr. Bill Clark, owner of Juleart Trailer Court, addressed the
Commission, stated he had. taken a crew of men and gone through the
park and cleaned it up; that he had. evicted 19 of his tenants; that
he had gone to the extent of purchasing a street sweeper and swept
the park every day; that all the buildings which had been built onto
trailers had been red tagged and he was doing everything possible to
keep the park clean. It was Mr. Clark's opinion that the people in
Berkeley Square wanted the park removed.

City Manager Kennedy suggested that a meeting be held, not necessarily
before the full Commission - perhaps a Committee could be appointed,
and all the people who were complaining about the trailer park and
the people living in the trailer park could attend. Mr. Kennedy
explained that nothing could be done about certain violations
complained of - they would be Police matters - unless complaints were
filed against the people guilty of the violations. Mr. Kennedy
concluded by stating 28 of the trailers had been red tagged.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, set Tuesday, February 9, 1960, at 7:30 P.M.,
in the Council Chambers of City Hall as the time and place of the
meeting and stated the entire Board of Commissioners would be present.

A discussion concerning the motel presently being built by Franklin
Bros. at Ogden and Las Vegas Boulevard North followed.

The Board of Commissioners agreed that Franklin Bros. would have to
abide by the Building Code.

Commissioner Whipple moved City Manager Kennedy be authorized to go
to bid for one 6 cylinder Sedan and one Pickup, for use in the
Building Department.

2-3-60

CITY AUDIT
Bunker - Jones
Additional Time Granted

JULEART TRAILER COURT
Public Meeting Set

FRANKLIN BROS. MOTEL
Discussion

6 CYLINDER SEDAN AND
PICKUP

Request to go to Bid
Approved

/s/ Edwina M. Cole_______

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor