OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JANUARY 18th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of January 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Marble, German and Down,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Arnett.

Mr. Schur of the Gordon Holding Company appeared before the Board in regard to the ruling of
the playing of "Keno" as made by the Board of Commissioners at its regular meeting January 4th,
1935. Said ruling set the price to to paid for the cards used in said game at a stated amount
for each roll. Mr. Schur stated to the Board that it was not working out as a paying bais under
the system. No change was made in the ruling.

Commissioner Marble was appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance Com-
missioners owning to the absence of that officer.

At this time an application for a "Tango" license was presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the license be granted. Application being in pr per form and money on file with the Clerk to cover
the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

The application of C.B. Singleton for a sealed package goods liquor license again came before
the Board for Consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it
was moved and carried that the license be granted to Mr. Singleton upon the following vote: Com-
missioners Marble, German, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the following be granted retail beverage license at the rate of $10.00 per quarter year;

E.P. Bohlmaier, Ted Konduras, J.M. Sill, and Harry Blanding.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that Underhill Brothers be granted a wholesale liquor license, fee $75.00 per quarter year.

Vote was as follows Commissioners German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

J.T.Watters	6 machines	J.P. McClure	1 machine

Jack Weisberger	4	"	A.H. Stevenson	1	"

C.B. Singleton	1	"	W.E.Ferron	8	"

Elmer Sorber	1	"	W.J. Lincoln	1	"

L.L. Arnett	44	"	Las Vegas Sweet Shop 29	"

E.P. Bihlmaier	22	"

Vote was as follows Commissioners German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a license for a one cent (1¢) slot machine for operation at the Modern Food Shop be granted
to E.P. Bihlmaier.

Vote was as follows Commissioners German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of February 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down
and City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant regist on file in the office of the Clerk

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money received for January as follows: