County Review a weekly newspaper published in said city, Clark County, Nevada, as is more fully
set forth in the Ordinance Book No. one under ordinance No. 74 of said city, Las Vegas, Nevada
to which reference is hereby made.

The next business considered by the Board was the calling of an Election to be held for the
purpose of electing a Mayor and four commissioners. Thereupon after a discussion on the matter the
following was adopted, Resolved that

"Under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a general
election shall be held on the First Tuesday after the First Monday of May, every odd numbered year
dating from the First Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1913, and it appearing therefrom that a
General Election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday in May 1919 and the matter coming up regularly to be heard and arrangements made therefor, on
motion of Commissioner John F. Miller, seconded by Commissioner W. H. Elwell, the following Resolutions
were adopted, to-wit:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held, at the City Fire
House, situated on lot 23, Block 15, of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
for voting precinct No. One and at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage situate on lot 27 in Block 29, of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for voting precinct No. two, on the 6th
day of May, A. D. 1919 for the election of a Mayor and four commissioners; That the polls be opened
at 8 o'clock A. M. and close at 6 o'clock P.M. on said day; That Mrs. Marie Heinecke and Mrs. John
Lightfoot and John W. Tuck be and are hereby appointed Inspectors of such election at the City Fire
House, in precinct No. One, and Mrs. J. J. Silk and Mrs. F. M. Fellrath and Mrs. Bessie O'Riley
Gamble be and are appointed Inspectors of Election at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage, in precinct No. Two
to conduct the same in accordance with the Laws of the State of Nevada governing Elections.

Be it further Resolved that no candidate for office at said election shall be entitled to have his
name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least ten days before the date of such
election, file in the office of the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a certificate of
nominate ion, in writing, containing the name of the person nominated. Such certificate shall be signed
and verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein possesses
the qualifications as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;

And be it further resolved that all provisions of the law relating to general elections so far
as the same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the provisions of the City Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such election;

AND EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby
authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of said election.

Such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary
or required to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the date,
time and places of holding such election, the purpose thereof, the condition under which held, the names
of the Inspectors, the method and manner of classifying the commissioners, on ballot and such other
matters as may be deemed proper in the premises.

AND EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such proclamation be published in the Clark County Review, a
Newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a per-
iod of at least four consecutive weeks (four issues) prior to the date of such election and printed
copies of such proclamation be posted by the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in six public
places in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the same period of time, three of said Proclamations
to be posted in each of said voting precincts.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is
hereby authorized and directed to notify the duly elected, qualified and acting registry agent in and
for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books for the registration of the
voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for said election at the time and in the manner provided by the