That portion of the S½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section
35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, MDB&M, lying between two
lines parallel to and north of the center line of Charleston
Boulevard, the most northerly of which being 240 feet distant from said
center line, and the other 90 feet distant from said center line, and

WHEREAS, notice of the above proposed meeting was published in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, on the 13th day of September, 1950,
and,

WHEREAS, said public hearing was had on the 28th day of September, 1950, and

WHEREAS, it was determined that the interests of the public would be better served
by the above mentioned change,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a meeting held on the 28th day of September, 1950, that the following described property be
rezoned from R-3 (limited multiple residence) to C-2 (general commercial), to wit:

That portion of the S½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of
Section 35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, MDB&M, lying
between two lines parallel to and north of the center line
of Charleston Boulevard, the most northerly of which being
240 feet distant from said center line, and the other 90
feet distant from said center line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem
Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin and

Commissioner Peccole.

AMENDMENT TO LAND USE 	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezon-

PLAN	ing of the property lying between Mesquite Street and Bonanza Road,

Mesquite & Bonanza	and between Second Street and the easterly line of those lots facing

between 2nd & North	on North Main Street, from R-l to R-4, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem

Main	Whipple read the notice of public hearing published in the Las

	Vegas Review Journal.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple then asked if there was anyone present
who wished to object to the proposed rezoning of the above mentioned
property. There were no objections.

                              Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, a petition was referred to the Regional Planning Commission on the 8th day of
August, 1950, requesting the rezoning of the following described property from R-1 (single family
residence) to R-4 (apartment residence), to wit: 

All of that property lying between Mesquite Street and Bonanza
Road, and between Second Street and the easterly line of those
lots facing on North Main Street and the easterly line of Bilt-
 more Addition, and

WHEREAS, the Regional Planning Commission, after notice duly given, held a public
hearing on the above mentioned change on the 29th day of August, 1950, and

WHEREAS, by letter, the Regional Planning Commission recommended to the Board of
City Commissioners that the above mentioned amendment to the Land Use Plan be made, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners held a public hearing on the above mentioned
change on the 28th day of September, 1950, and

WHEREAS, it appearing that the interests of the public would be better served by the
above mentioned change,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, on the 28th day of September, 1950, that the following described property be changed
from R-1 (single family residence) to R-4 (apartment residence), to wit:

All of that property lying between Mesquite Street and Bonanza
Road, and between Second Street and the easterly line of those
lots facing on North Main Street and the easterly line of Bilt-
more Addition

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore and His Honor Mayor Fro Tem
Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin and

Commissioner Peccole.

RECESS	The meeting recessed at the hour of 4:30 P.M.

RECONVENED	His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple called the meeting to order at the hour of

4:55 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	At this time the following applications for gaming license for the fourth

Changes	quarter of 1950, being changes of operator, name of business, etc., were

presented to the Board for their consideration:

ACE BAR	         111 South 1st	Prtnrship by A.W. Ham	10	slots

HOTEL ELWELL GAMES	202 South 1st	William H. Elwell	1	''21''

FOODLAND STORES	        1500 Fremont	Vegas Food Corp.

by: E.D. Ciliax	6	slots

FREMONT ARCADE	       101 Fremont	Prtnrship by; A.W. Ham	26	slots

1	Roulette

FREMONT DRUG	611 Fremont	Prtnrship by: H.G. JEervin	7 slots