

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Jarrett and seconded by Commissioner Whipple,
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final pas-
sage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby,
suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said
emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Jarrett then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Whipple se-
conded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon
its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon
its final passage.

Commissioner Jarrett then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read
and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The ques-
tion being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called
with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and
adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this ordinance be numbered 542.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improvements
in Assessment District No. 100-19 will be opened April 27, 1953:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps
to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance
#542, passed, adopted and approved this 6th day of April, 1953, and

WHEREAS, the time is now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk to
advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore
taken to construct said improvements by special assessment.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 6th of April, 1953, that the
City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed
to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for furnish-
ing of labor, material, transportation and service for improvements of certain
streets and parts of streets in special assessment district #100-19 as created
by Emergency Ordinance #542 in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commis-
sioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids
for said construction by publication on April 8, April l5, and April 22, 1953, in
the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commis-
sioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said construction
will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Monday the 27th day of April, 1953, at which
time said bids will be opened.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-19

Resolution Authorizing
Call for Construction
Bids