

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nev.

January 3rd, A.D. 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
held on the above mentioned date present Ho. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, C.P. Ball. W.H. Elwell, David
Farnsworth, and Commissioner Matzdorf being present with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las vegas, Nevada read approved as appears upon claim book on file
Reports of officers read and approved as read by the Board.

It appearing to the Board that the sum of one hundred dollars is necessary for use in the

Cemetery fund it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of one hundred
dollars be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the Cemetery
fund of said City.

At this time a committee from the Mesquite Club appeared before the Board requesting that the
said Board take some action regarding the tramp question in said City, so such as to provided ways

and means of feeding said transsit persons so that they would be relieved from begging, and further

that the board make some arrangements to take over the library such as providing funds sufficient
to build up said library and supply a librarian for the same, whereupon motion being duly made and
carried it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the next meeting of the Board.

The Board having at the last regular meeting debated the question of paying more money for

man and span of horses for street work and having instructed the City Attorney to draw up a resolution 

covering the same, the City Attorney thereupon presented said resolution which was

as follows towit; Whereas during the last past year the cost of hay, barley, oats, and other

kinds of horse feed has increased more than twenty five per cent, and the earning capacity for

horses, mules and other draft animals is thereby increased; Therefore, be it resolved that from

and after the 3rd day of January A.D. 1917, the compensation to ther than a street inspector,

shall be and is hereby fixed at three ($3.00) dollars for days work, on the public streets and

roads of the City of Las vegas, Nevada by one man. And the compensation for one man and a span

of two draft animals shall be and it is hereby fixed at seven $(7.00) Dollars per day. And the 

compensation one man and two additional animals shall be, and it is hereby fixed at ten dollars for a days	



work. The person so compensated shall, without additional charge, furnish such tools, implements, vehicle,
and other necessary equipment, as may be necessary to his work. And be it further resolved
that a days work on the public streets and roads of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall consist
of at least eight hours actual labor, exclusive of the time spent in going to and returning
from the work, and in no case shall pay be given for more than one days time between sunrise and
sunset of the same day, It was thereupon motion of Commissioner Farnsworth and seconded by Commissioner
 Elwell and duly carried ordered that said resolution be and the same is hereby passed
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth
aye Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

At this time the question of putting on an extra man on the police force of said City for
the purpose of Collecting dog licenses, and looking after chain gang work coming on before the
Board it was ordered that the City Police and Fire Commissioner be and is hereby instructed
to hire said extra help for the above named purpose.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance relating to the discharge of Fire 
Arms in said City for the first reading whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading at the next regular meeting of said
Board.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a request form Al.J. Clark and C.W. Perry as-
king for permission to lay water mains and pipes in the townsite known as the Mc Williams Town-
site of Las vegas Nevada for a period of twenty five years, Whereupon motion being duly made