OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1938

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of October, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Krause, Corradetti, Luce and Ronnow and City Clerk

Absent City Attorney Austin.

Mr. Bryan Bunker and members of the Recreation Board appeared before the Board of Commis-
sioners at this time and ask that the Board would continue its support of the Recreational

Department of the City.

No vote was taken on the matter but this Board was assured that the Board of Commissioners
would not eliminate the Recreational Department unless they found it absolutely necessary.

R.F. Gilbert appeared before the Board and ask permission to operate a loud speaker system
in the City of Las Vegas.

Mayor Marble informed Mr. Gilbert that the matter would be investigated and that he would
be given an answer in the very near future.

Minutes of all meeting not previously read were read and approved as read.

No motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that demands Numbers 8 to 18 to allowed.

 Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that retail liquor (beverage) licenses be granted to Bernice Davis and P. Wilson. Both appli-
cations being accompanied with the sum of $25.00 covering cost of same for one quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all gaming and slot machine licenses applied for for the fourth quarter year be granted.

All applications being accompanied with money to cover the same.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that A.L. Drew, City Electrical Inspector be granted leave with pay to attend the meeting of
the Electrical Inspectors in Long Beach, California Oct 9th to 15th.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
the following employees be granted annual leave:

Joe Foremaster Oct 1st to 8th, with H Jameson for relief. R.D. Pollock Oct 15th to 30th
with H. Jameson for relief, Fred Tisdial October 15th to 30th Henry Wilson relief. B.W. Snider
12 days. H.O. Johnson Oct 9th to 15th with H. Jameson for relief.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that Police Commissioner Corradetti arrange with the eight regular full time officers on the
Police Dept. to work 15 days each between October 1st to Dec. 31st, 1938 without pay in order
to assist the City during the time there was a scarcity of funds for the operation of the City.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the Clerk select her own janitor as she saw fit.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, nones.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the employment in the various departments of the City be limited to the minimum for the
next several months owing to the shortage of funds available for running expenses of the City.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write the following employees of the City and inform them that
they would not be employed by the City of Las Vegas after November let, 1938;

Fred Callihan of the Street Dept. E.F.Tandy, Bernard Burger and A.J. Drews of the
Recreational Dept. and Joe Foremaster of the Garbage Dept.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.