The undersigned. will also file with the Public
Service Commission of the State of Nevada, a schedule
of its rates and charges for water service and shall
also file what ever rules and regulations it may 
promulgate and shall also apply to said Public Service
Commission for a certificate of Public Convenience and
shall in all respects comply with the statutes of the
State of Nevada, and with the rules, regulations and or-
ders of the Public Service Commission of the State of
Nevada, relative to furnishing water to said South
Addition as a public utility.

HAWKINS LAND & WATER COMPANY

By W.E. Hawkins__________

	President.	

Whereupon, an order was made upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, granting a permit for laying water mains in the streets and alleys of South Addition
to the City of Las Vegas to the Hawkins Land and Water Company, said permit to incorporate
the terms and provisions of the permit previously issued to said Hawkins Land and Water
Company for the Hawkins Addition, and it is further ordered that said permit shall be issued
by the Mayor and the City Clerk upon the approval of the City Attorney. Voting on said

motion Commissioners Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that



the license and fines for the month of September, 1926, be distributed as follows: 

General Licenses	Light Fund		



		Municipal Court Fines Salary Fund.



Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming license for 

three games at the Vegas Bar on Fremont Street the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire 

Commissioner C.J. Hammond, whereupon an order was made upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded 

by Commissioner Smith, directing the Clerk to issue a license for three games to Morgan, Stocker and Horden

at the Vegas Bar. Voting on said motion Commissioners Smith, Elwell, and Mayor Hesse, Aye. Noes, None

The Clerk then presented the application of A.T. McCarter for a gaming license for

three games at the Exchange Pool Hall on First Street, the same having been theretofore ap-

	

proved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, whereupon an order was mad upon motion of



Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, directing the Clerk to issue license

for 	

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license for
two games at the Miners Club on North First Street, the same having been theretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, whereupon an order was made upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, directing the Clerk to issue a license for two games to

G. Lopez at the Miners' Club on North First Street. Voting on said motion Commissioners Smith,

Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, an order was made upon motion
of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Commissioners Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,
voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license for
two games at the Miners Club on North First Street, the same having been theretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, whereupon an order was made upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, directing the Clerk to issue a license for two games to
G.Lopez at the Miners' Club on North First Street. Voting on said motion Commissioners Smith,

Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, an order was made upon motion
of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Commissioners Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,
voting aye. Noes, none.