1. 'All new employees will be processed through the City Personnel office and
according to Civil Service codes.' It will of course follow that each old
employee of the City coming under the new supervisory head will also be
guided by the Civil Service Rules & Regulations in such matters as efficiency
reports, changes of salary, change of address, etc.

2.	'The responsibility (subject to Director of Finance audit) for collection and
disposition of monies collected from green fees will be through the hands of
a City employee appointed by the Golf Board. This employee will be guided

in this function by the Director of Finance who will regularly audit the
account. Managing Professional will have adequate fidelity bond coverage
and any other person or persons handling City funds at the Golf Course will be
required by the Golf Board to be adequately covered by fidelity bond.'

3.	'Methods and operational techniques shall be set up for daily remittance
(except weekend collections which will be turned in the following Monday) to
the City Treasurer and a copy of the daily report to the City Comptroller of
monies received for green fees and any other collections.'

In addition, job descriptions to cover the responsibilities, duties and authorities of
the Managing Professional and the Greenskeeper position are as follows:

MANAGING PROFESSIONAL

Definition:

Under the direction of the Las Vegas Municipal Golf Board, to supervise the operation
and maintenance of the Las Vegas Municipal Golf Course.

Typical Tasks:

Plans, organizes and supervises office and grounds personnel in the maintenance and
operation of the Golf Course; plans and directs golf tournaments; inspects the course
and suggests changes and additions to improve playing conditions; inspects, recommends,
advises and reports on maintenance and construction work; prepares reservation sheets
and creates interest and support among golfers and prospective golfers; receives and
adjusts complaints; reviews the time reports of personnel; inspects the clubhouse;
tabulates and publicizes tournament results; attends meetings of golfer organizations;
keeps records of players and receipts; submits daily report on monies received to
Director of Finance and deposits cash received with City Treasurer; prepares requisitions
for personnel and material needed; recommends budget estimates; prepares an annual
inventory of supplies and equipment; oversees activities of concessionaires; prepares
regular and special reports.

Employment Standards:

A combination of experience and training substantially equivalent to three years of
responsible business or property management, considerable experience in golfing, and
completion of the twelfth grade.

Thorough knowledge of golf rules and tournament arrangements; thorough knowledge of
public relations; wide knowledge of golf course planning and layout; wide knowledge of
the construction and maintenance of fairways and greens for proper playing conditions;
ability to plan, lay out and direct the work of others; ability to prepare budget
estimates and keep financial records; ability to meet the public, to understand their
questions and requests, and to provide satisfactory explanations; ability to maintain
harmonious working relationships.

GREENSKEEPER

Definition:

Under the direction of the Managing Professional, to direct, supervise and assist in
the construction, care and maintenance of golf course greens and fairways; and to do
related work as required.

Typical Tasks:

Directs and assists in keeping golf courses in proper condition for play; makes
inspections and determines the need for seeding, sodding, watering, and other general
maintenance of golf course greens, fairways, and other ground areas; assists others in
the care and maintenance of greens; instructs and trains employees in greenskeeping and
other related duties; directs and supervises the work of others; prepares and schedules
working assignments; rates the work performance of others; keeps records of work
activities.

Employment Standards:

A combination of experience and training substantially equivalent to three years of
experience, including at least one year of responsible supervisory experience in the
construction and maintenance of greens and fairways, and the completion of the eighth
grade.

2-21-55