per square ft. on side walk proposition for East side of Second Street.

Enclosed find our check for Two-hundred Fifty ($250) Dollars.

Very truly yours,

E.W. Griffith & Son.

By Robt. B. Griffith.

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that this is the lowest and best bit, it was ordered, upon motion
of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by, Commissioner Shield, that the bid of E.W. Griffith and Son,
at the price of twenty one cents per square foot be and the same is hereby accepted. Voting on said
motion, Commissioners Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to notify the Assessor, W.E. Hawkins to make his assess-
ment covering the cost of said proposed construction.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the Second time, proposed Ordinance No. 107 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Prevent the Permitting of Minors to Visit Houses of Ill-Fame or
Gambling Houses; regulating other Matters Pertaining Thereto; Providing a Penalty for the Violation of
this Ordinance; And Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith.

Whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, that the above entitled ordinance be and the same is hereby passes and adopted. Voting Com-
missioners Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered up-
on motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

July 1, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of July, A.D. 1924, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock pm. Present Hon. W C German, Mayor with Commissioners, F E Matzdorf,
C R Shield and W H Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk. Commissioner
A R Anderson absent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claims book on file with the Clerk. The claims of
J J Cannon and C A French were laid over for investigation.

It appearing to the Board that the assessor has filed the roll of special
assessment for defraying the expenses of the construction of the sidewalk to be built
on the west side of Second Street, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the clerk be and she is hereby directed to
publish notice of said special assessment, and that Tuesday, the 5th day of August at
8 o'clock pm., in the County Commissioner's room of the County Court House shall be
the time and place for all persons interested to be beard. Voting on said motion