PUBLIC HEARING REZONING APPLICATION O.A. Kenna & Others  Z-77-53  Approved	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of O.A.  Kenna and others to rezone Lots 9, 10 and 11, Ladds Addition from R-3 to R-4, the matter was considered by the Board.  His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were no objections voiced.  Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this application to rezone Lots 9, 10 and 11,  Ladds Addition from R-3 to R-l. be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PUBLIC HEARING  STREET NAME  St. between Vegas Dr.  8s Golf Course Club House to  Ruby Drive 	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the naming of that certain street lying between Vegas Drive and the Municipal Golf Course Club House, being located in the NW1/4 of the NE1/4 of Section 30, T20S, R6lE, to Ruby Drive, the matter was con- sidered by the Board.  His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed street name. Therewere no objections voiced.  Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that the street lying between Vegas Drive and the Municipal Golf Course Club House located in the NW1/4 of the NE1/4 of Section 30, T20S, R6lE, be named Ruby Drive, and the following resolution adopted:  WHEREAS, there have been requests to name that certain street lying between Vegas Drive and the Municipal Golf Course 'Club House to RUBY DRIVE; and  WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas Nevada; and  WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas set a Public Hearing on the proposed street name and gave notice thereof as required by law, which Public Hearing was duly held on the 17th day of February, 1954 and  WHEREAS, at said Public Hearing all persons were given an opportunity to protest and be heard; and  WHEREAS, the following proposed name met with the approval of all persons in attendance at said Public Hearing and met with the approval of this Commission and the Commission finds that said name will facilitate mail deliveries, aid in locating various properties, and will assist the Fire Department and Police Department in carrying out their duties,  NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th day of February, 1954 that the name of the street hereinafter described to-wit:  That certain street lying between Vegas Drive and the Municipal Golf Course Club House, being located in the Nw1/4 of the NE1/4 of Section 30,  T20S, R61E,  be and the same is hereby named RUBY DRIVE.  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be signed by the Mayor, attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark County Recorder as required by law.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PUBLIC HEARING REZONING APPLICATION Richard Toleno	This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing on the application of Richard Toleno to rezone Lots 7 to 13, Block 1, Paradise Park from R-2 to R-4 and Lots 1 to 6, Block 1, Lots 16 to 19, Block 2 and Lots 16 to 19, Block 3 of Paradise Park from R-2 to R-3, the matter was considered by the Board.  Mr. R. J. Kaltenborn appeared before the Board at this time and discussed the completion of the improvements in Paradise Village Tracts Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4. Mr. Kaltenborn stated that all improvements would be completed by March 15, 1954  His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were no objections voiced.  Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application to rezone Lob 7 to 13, Block,1, Paradise Park from R-2 to R-4 and Lots 1 to 6, Block 1, Lots 16 to 19, Block 2 and Lots l6 to 19, Block 3 of Paradise Park from R-2 to R-3 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PUBLIC HEARING VARIANCE APPLICATION Dr.  Martin W. Payne V-98-53  Denied	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of Dr. Martin W. Payne for a variance to construct and maintain a building with two doctor's offices for the practice of orthopedic surgery on Lots 17 and 18 and the south half of 19, Block 31, South Addition, the matter was considered by the Board.  An objection to this variance was filed by Mr. Charles S. Ruhl. Mr. Ruhl objected to making this block into a business area.  Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for variance to construct and maintain a building with two doctor's offices for the practice of orthopedic surgery on Lots 17 and 18 and the south half of 19, Block 31, South Addition be denied.
PARADISE PARK SUBDIVISION Extension of time	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp and His Honor.  Mr. R. J. Kaltenborn appeared before the Board at this time requesting an extension of time on Paradise Park Subdivision. Mr. Kaltenborn stated that three-fourths of the improvement were already in.
	Commissioner Whipple moved that Mr. Kaltenborn be granted an extension of time for six months from February 1, 1954

2-17-54