Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
April 12th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular adjourned special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor, Ed. Von Tobel,

Chas. M McGovern, Coughlin, and Stewart commissioners of said City, and Clerk of said Board.

The Board having adjourned to the above mentioned date for the purposes of taxing up any street



matters that may come before it as per a call issued by the Hon. Mayor on the 10th, day of April.
proceeded with the business of the evening, A Committee of the chamber of commerce appeared
before the Board and the matter of grading and fixing the streets in said City was discussed
pro. and con. by the members of the Board of City commissioner s and members of the Chamber of
Commerce Commettltte, it appearing to the Board that there was not sufficient information
before the Board to warrant them proceeding with the improvements of said streets it was upon
Motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that this meeting stand
adjourned until there was sufficient information placed before the Board to warrant them taking
action in this matter, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin
aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel. No, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 15th, 1913.

At a special meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada called by the Mayor Hon. Peter Buol. with Commissioners Stewart, and Von Tobel
present, there being a quorum present the Mayor called the meeting to ordered and the Clerk
then proceeded to read the call as issued by the Mayor.

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.	Las Vegas, Nevada April 15th, 1913*

You are hereby notified that I have this day called a special meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the office of the City Clerk on
the 15th, day of April A.D. 1913. for the hour of eight o'clock P.M. for the purpose of
considering and acting upon matters with relation to the special street improvements
heretofore authorized , and you are hereby authorized and directed to give notice of the
time and place and object of said, meeting to the members of said Board of City Commissioners,
forthwith.	Peter Buol.

Mayor.

Filed April 15th, 1913. Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 15th, 1913.

To Ed Von Tobel, Chas M. McGovern, J.J. Coughlin

and W.J. Stewart, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You arc hereby notified that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas has this day issued a

call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City to be held at

the office of the City Clerk on the 12th, day of April A.D. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M. for

the purpose of considering and acting upon matters with relation to the special street improvements 

heretofore authorized, and I have been instructed by the Mayor to give notice in

accordance with said call.

Harley A. Harmon City ClerK.

Filed this 15th, day of April A.D 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(SEAL)

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) SS, I Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City