Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Commissioner E. W. Fountain for the
reclassification of Lot 1, Block 1-A; Twin Lakes Village Unit 1 Addition from
R-1 to R-4 he denied as recommended by the Planning Commission and Commissioner
Fountain's letter be filed as a matter of record.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes; none.
Commissioner Fountain passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

REZONING (Z-27-59)	The Commission considered the application of the Mesquite Club; Inc. for the

Mesquite Club; Inc.                                          reclassification of property located on the west side of Maryland Parkway south

of St. Louis from R-1 to R-4.

Approved

This property was acquired by the Mesquite Club for the purpose of a site for
their new clubhouse and a use permit was granted on the basis that the Mesquite
Club constituted a quasi-public use and therefore permitted in a residential
area. Planning Director Bills stated it was now the intention of the Mesquite
Club to sell the property and the prospective purchasers intended to locate an
intensified complex of professional offices on the property.

The Planning Commission; after two hearings; recommended denial of this
application on the basis that if this particular area was rezoned; it would only
serve to open the door for a more intensive type of development all along
Maryland Parkway. At the first meeting there were two expressions of objection;
however; one was later withdrawn because this particular objector; who is a
property owner in the near vicinity; felt that if the Mesquite Club was granted
this rezoning it would then make it possible for him to have his property rezoned.

Commissioner Fountain stated he would like to see the artist's conception of the
area. Mr. Bills stated that until such time as the zoning was changed they would
not have it before them.

Commissioner Fountain added he did not agree with the Planning Commission's
recommendation and moved the application of the Mesquite Club; Inc. for
reclassification of property located on the west side of Maryland Parkway
south of St. Louis from R-1 to R-4 be approved; and the City Attorney instructed
to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

His Honor Mayor Gragson asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak in
regard to this rezoning; and a Dr. Jones stated he was one of the physicians
interested in erecting a building at this location. He added they had made a
survey of the residents in this area and had found no one; who disapproved a
medical facility there; furthermore; in looking over the property; it would appear
if it was to remain R-1 there would not be eager buyers as there would be 200' of
backyard to keep up or ignore. Dr. Jones was of the opinion it would not be
agreeable to continue this zoning as R-1. He concluded that; speaking for the
doctors; it seemed a rezoning to permit them to build a medical center at this
location would in no way jeopardize the area.

Commissioner Whipple asked if there was anyone who wished to protest this 
application and there was no response.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noeS; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp. Commissioner Whipple qualified his

"aye" vote with the statement that in the past they had had a verbal agreement
with the Planning Commission that when they disagreed with them a joint meeting
would be held between the City Commission and the Planning Commission and out
of courtesy he believed this should be done.

Commissioner Fountain stated he would like it spread on the minutes that there might
have been a rumor as to his participation in this operation and he wished to explain
that sometime between 1956 and 1957 his wife had been President of the Mesquite Club;
however; at the present time she was not the President nor was she a member of the
Board of Trustees — she was just a member of the Mesquite Club. Commissioner
Fountain added he appreciated the work of the Planning Commission in working out this
area but in this particular instance he did not agree.

USE PERMIT	The Commission considered the application of Hotel Sahara; Prewin; Inc.; for a Use

U-22-59	Permit to conduct a semi-public parking lot for a period of one year at the

northwest corner of San Francisco and Paradise Road; legally described as Lot 10;
Hotel Sahara;	Block 3; South Fifth Street Tract #1; in an R-4 zone. Approval was recommended by

Prewin; Inc.	the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to certain conditions.

Approved	Director of Planning Bills stated certain points had been brought up at staff meeting

and it had been recommended this application be referred to the Traffic and Parking
Commission for study of questions within its jurisdiction. Commissioner Whipple
asked if there was any real problem that could not be worked out and if the applicant
had been advised of this.

Herbert Jones; Attorney representing the applicant; stated they had not been informed
of this and he would like to have permission to get with this Commission to know what
the problems were as his client had always worked with them.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Hotel Sahara; Prewin; Inc.; for a Use
Permit to conduct a semi-public parking lot for a period of one year at the northwest 
corner of San Francisco and Paradise Road; legally described as Lot 10; Block
3; South Fifth Street Tract #1; in an R-4 zone; be approved subject to the following
conditions as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment; with the stipulation
that the applicant consult with the Traffic and Parking Commission in regard to
the traffic and pedestrian situation:

1.	Conformance to the Plot Plan.

2.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond to cover
the offsite improvements as recommended by the Department of Public

10-7-59