On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the sureties on former bonds of F.A. Thomason, and Lloyd S. Payne be released from further
liability thereon.

Thereupon It was ordered that the bond of Lloyd S. Payne as City Electrical Inspector
with the Union Indemity Co; as surety be approved, bond being dated July 1, 1930. Approval
to be endorsed on the same by Mayor Hesse.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until the 12th day of July, 1930 at the Hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY , NEVADA.

JULY 12th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 12th day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Hansell and Thomas together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

The following gaming licenses were presented to the Board. Same having been approved
by R.W.Thomas Police & Fire Commissioner:

J.R.Boyer, Arizona Club, two tables, $150.00 deposited. Upon motion of Commissioner
Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the license be granted. Vote as
follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
noes none.

Boulder Club, 118 Fremont St; three tables, $250.00 deposited. Upon motion of Com-
missioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the license be granted.
Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes none.

Gilmore & Horden, 21 & 23 Fremont St; two tables, $150.00 deposited. Upon motion
of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the license be
granted. Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

Wm. Jones and J. Brown, 217 Stewart St; two tables, $150.00 deposited. Upon motion
of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the license be
granted. Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Rainbow Club. 1st and Carson Sts; two tables $150.00 deposited for two tables. Upon
motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved the license be
granted. Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes none.

Exchange Club, by A.T. McCarter, $250.00 deposited for three tables.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
license be granted. Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Harold J. Stocker, Northern Club, $150.00 deposited for two tables. 

Mr. A.J. Schur, objector, objects to the granting of this license on the ground
that it is an abuse of discretion, and contrary to law.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the license be granted to, Harold J. Stocker. Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell,
German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The application of the Jack Pot Club, 122 No. 1st st; Cleto Aguirre, 115 No. 1st St;
Charles Taylor Co; 127 So. 1st St; were held up for further investigation.

Application of A. De Vorin, 110 So. 1st St; was without deposit. It was also held up.

It was moved by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas that a map of
the street intersection on the Westside entitled, "Original Plat of LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE,
showing Intersection Monuments", be approved an adopted as an official map thereof of this
City, and that same be approved by the Mayor and Clerk with the seal of the City and that the
Clerk have same recorded in the office of the County Recorder and after recordation thereof
keep same on file in the office of the City Clerk, subject to the order and disposition of
the Board of City Commissioner. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell,
German, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon it was moved seconded and carried that the Board recess until the 14th
day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.