OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 17th, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark, County, Nevada held on the 17th day of February, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk.

Also present Messrs Gore and Smith.

Minutes of regular meeting of February 4th and Special meeting February 7th read.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the minutes of "Special Meeting" of February 7th, 1941 be stricken from the records as the
men attending the meeting were not Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell passing
his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Smith it was moved and carried that the minutes be approved as

read.

Vote Commissioners Gore and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes None.

 *

Commissioner Ronnow inquired of the Mayor if he was willing to cooperate with the Board of
Commissioners and proceed with the business at hand. Mayor Russell stated that he did not re-
cognized Messrs Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti as Commissioners and did not wish to
take part in this meeting, There upon on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner
Gilbert it was moved and carried that Commissioner Krause be seated as Mayor Pro Tem and that
the meeting proceed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell not
wishing to vote.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that Warrants Nos. 468 to 472 be allowed and that the Mayor Pro Tem and the Clerk be
authorized to sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting Aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that a beverage license be granted to Bert Smith and one to Joe Gallo for the year 1941.
This application being for renewals of previous licenses.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a "lub gun" from the Motor Supply Co. Price $68.50. This being the lowest
and best bid received at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes

none.

Bids for the purchase of six signal lights for Fremont Street were considered at this time.
Said bids having been opened at a previous meeting of the Board and at this time were considered
in tabulated form.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the bid of Luce and Goodfellow Inc. for the purchase of six signal lights be accepted.
Bid price $1,376.50 and that the bid of McQuay Supply Co. for materials for the installation of
same in the amount of $1040.25 be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the report and letter also sample of paving received from the Rock Asphalt Co. of Salt Lake
City be filed with the Clerk for future reference.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes

none.

The City Clerk at this time officially presented to the Board a number of petitions filed
with said Clerk February 15th 1941 petitioning the Clerk to call a recall election for Commis-
sioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti. The Clerk at this time request the Board to
grant permission for the hiring of additional clerical help with which to carry on said
election.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be empowered to hire extra clerical help at this time and to present requisitions
to the Board covering the cost of same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,

non.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gil-
bert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Friday
 the 21st day of February, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Friday the 21st day of February 1941 at 7:30 P.M.

Approved:

Mayor

Attest:

City Clerk

