APACHE HOTEL	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of R. R.

Gaming	Russell for a license for three slot machines at the Apache

 Hotel at Second and Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner
Tinch.

EMERGENCY LOAN	Commissioner Clark moved that a Resolution he prepared for the purpose

2nd.	of obtaining an additional emergency loan in the sum of $20,600.00.

That Notice of Motion to show Intention to make Emergency Loan be
published in the Las Vegas Evenening Review Journal on the 5th and
12 of November and that November 23rd, at the hour of 7:30 P. M. ,
at the Council Chamber of the City Commission be set for hearing
protests on same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	Commissioner Smith moved that the Resolution heretofore made regarding

1st.	the $75,000 emergency loan be rescinded and offer acceptance of bids

for a loan of up to $75,000,if necessary, with the provision that bids
specify what their terms of interest are, together with requirements of
city to submit satisfactory documents that will satisfy them. Further
that they furnish a certified check with their bid. Motion died for
want of a second.

Thereafter, Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until November l6th, 1942
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 16, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of November,

	1942, Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., by his Honor, Mayor Howell C.

Garrison with the following members present: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor.

A. W. Blackman, city auditor. Purchasing Agent, Le Roy Whipple and city clerk Helen Scott
Reed. Acting City Attorney, Harve C. Dickerson. Absent: Commissioners Clark and Tinch.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Earl Davis be hired as sewer inspector at a salary of
per week from Nov. 9th to 15th inclusive. Thereafter, at a salary of $50 per week

            and an allowance of 5¢ per mile for gasoline, and not to exceed 100 miles per week.	

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GUNNERY SCHOOL	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of the Gunnery

use of chairs, etc. School for the use of the chairs in the War Memorial Hall,

and the bleacher seats and the piano in the Hall be granted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BARNEY BURGER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Barney Burger be paid out of	the 

Transferred	Police department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and	carried

to police	by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his	Honor

payroll	voting aye. Noes, none.

FUEL OIL	Bids from the following firms on fuel oil were opened at this time:

Bids	Cardinal and Pessetti 7½¢. Western Heating and Sanitary Company 

8¼¢ per gallon. Nevada National Ice Company 8¼¢ a gallon. Commissioner
Smith moved that the bid of Cardinal and Pessetti be accepted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith was appointed to sign vouchers for Commissioners
Clark and Tinch.

FLOOR POLISHER	A bid was received from Nicholas Pavelick on a floor waxer in the sum

Bid	of $225.00. The matter was tabled.

C. W. JORGENSEN	Commissioner	Rubidoux moved	that the recommendations of	J. A. Fleming

Claim	regarding a settlement with Mr. Jorgensen on the work on the West Wing

of the War Memorial Building be accepted and approved. Motion seconded 

by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Harlan T. Brown's report was read and accepted.

LEE	SIMPSON	Commissioner	Smith moved that the request of	Lee	Simpson to lease

lease	certain land	from the city	be granted, when	and	if the	city acquires 

said property from the County of Clark. That said land be leased for
a period of ten years at $100 per year. Motion seconded by Commissioner