Mr. W.D.Vance of the Las Vegas Gas Co. appeared before the Board in regard to securing a
lease from the City for a plot of ground approximately 200X200 feet upon which the Las Vegas Gas
Company might erect a storage tank for the distributing of gas to the U. S. Government at the
Gunnery School about to be conducted at the Las Vegas Municipal Airport. The Las Vegas Gas Company
having the concession for supply butane gas to the U.S. Government.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the a plot of ground 200 X 200 feet be leased to the Las Vegas Gas Company for 20 years
at the rate of $15.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until the
hour of five o'clock P.M. this date.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Present at the hour of five o'clock P.M. Mayor Krause, Commissioners Gilbert, Ronnow and
Corradetti, City attorney and Clerk.

Attorney Graves appeared before the Board with Mrs. Sophia Noon in regard to having the Board
reconsider the application of Mrs. Noon for a retail beverage license at 220 No 2nd Street in
the rear. Said application had been denied May 5th because of the location of the building at the
rear of the premises.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that further action on said application be held in abeyance until the organization of the new Board
the first of June, 1941.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the application of C.C. Underhill for a tavern at 123 So 2nd Street be approved.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the W.P.A. application for aid in construction of sidewalks be tabled with the unfinished
business, for consideration by the new Board June 1st.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the City allow the sum of $35.00 to A.L. Drew, City Electrical Inspector. Same to be
used as traveling expenses to attend the S.E. Section chapter meeting of the I.A.E. I. be be held
in Long Beach, Cal. May 21st, 1941.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

An ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Creating A Golf Board For The City Of Las V gas,

Providing For The Appointment Of Its Members, Defining Its Duties And Other Matters Relating
Thereto," was read to the Board for a first time and adopted by the following vote; Commissioners
Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Herbert Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent none.

The Clerk was instructed to have said Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, A weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, once each week for two consecutive weeks. Said Or-
dinance to be know as Ordinance No. 257.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess
until Tuesday the 20th day of May, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
None. There upon said meeting recessed until Tuesday the 20th day of May, 1941.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
MAY 20th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 20th day of May, 1941., at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Krause, Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Minutes of all previous meetings not read read to the Board and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Junior Chamber of Commerce be granted use of the City Park Friday night June 6th, 1941,
at which time they would present the Pasadena Tournament of Roses Band in Concert.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that a certain Resolution adopted by the Board of Commissioners on May 17th be rescinded. Said
Resolution leasing in an amendment to the original lease additional ground to the U S Government
for use of runways at the Las Vegas Municipal Airport. In checking the description after the
close of the meeting it was discovered that a slight error had been made in the description of the
gound involved and therefore the Resolution was of no value.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The adopting of a Resolution leasing to the United States of America additional ground for
use as an airport the following Resolution was adopted: