Mayor E. W. Cragin
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Robert T. Moore
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

Absent; None

constituting all the members of said Board. There was also present the following:

City Manager C. W. Shelley
Asst. City Attorney Calvin Magleby
Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston
City Engineer W. C. Anderson

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and taken.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for public hearing on zone change of the North half of the

Zone Change	Southwest Quarter of Southeast Quarter of Section 35, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., MDB<SM lying south of

SE¼ of Spc. 35                     Fremont Street and east of Bruce Street, said rezoning to be from R-1 (single family; to C-2
(general commercial), His Honor read the notice of proposed zone change.

His Honor then asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this zone change.

There being no one present who wished to protest this zone change, Commissioner Moore moved
the zone change be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for public hearing on zone change of the West Half of the

Mountain View	Southwest Quarter of Section 32, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., MDB&M, from RA (Ranch Estate) to RE

Subdivision	(Residence Estate), His Honor read the notice of this proposed zone change.

Zone Change

	His Honor then asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this zone change.

There being no one present who wished to protest this zone change, Commissioner Peccole
moved the zone change be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none..

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for public hearing on zone change of West Half of Block 1,

Zone Change	Biltmore Annex 3, R-3 to R-4, His Honor read the notice of proposed zone change.

Block 1, Biltmore

Annex 3 - R-3 to            His Honor then asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this zone change.

R-4

There being no one present who wished to protest this zone change, Commissioner Moore moved
the zone change be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE CHANGE -	At this time the letter of the Regional Planning Commission under date of November 22, 1950

Blk M-Park Place	concerning the zone change for the southerly 200 feet of Block M, Park Place Addition from

Addition	R-1 to C-2, was read to the Board.

Dr. Hemigton

Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing on this proposed zone change be set for Dec-
	ember 20, 1950 at the hour of 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RECESS	Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting recess at the hour of 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ADA WEBER DEED	Commissioner Moore moved the Planning Commission be notified that deeds for streets will not

	be accepted until they are improved, and that the deed of Ada Weber for streets in the area

adjoining Sixth and Oakey be held until such time as the area is subdivided and the streets
improved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT -	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Kenneth Searles for use permit at the NE corner of

Kenneth Searles	4th and Hoover be referred to the Planning Commission for public hearing.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION -	At this time a petition was read to the Board requesting that necessary action be taken to effect

Property Owners	an extension of Rose Street northerly from Goldring Avenue. The said petition was signed by six-

Woodland Park Addn.      teen property owners living in Woodland Park Addition.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request be referred to the City Manager for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LETTER FROM PLANNING At this time a letter under date of November 29, 1950, from Mr. Eaton of the Planning Board was

BOARD - Mr. Eaton	read to the Board. Said letter was ordered filed.

