Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nev.

June 11, 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada. Present, W. E. Ferron, Mayor, with all Commissioners and City Clerk .

At this time Mr. G. H. French appearing in person all members of the newly elected
board having qualified, the board then proceeded to take up matters unfinished from the
last regular meeting. The motion having heretofore made and seconded that A. J. Stebenne be
appointed as City Attorney of said city, the mayor instructed the Clerk to call the roll upon
said motion, the vote being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, no; Commissioner Thomas,
aye; Commissioner, Arnold, aye; Commissioner French, no; his Honor the Mayor, no; whereupon
motion of Commissioner Conklin and seconded by Commissioner French it was ordered that the
name of F. A. Stevens be nominated for City Attorney, the vote upon said resolution being as
follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas, aye; Commissioner Arnold
aye; Commissioner French, aye; His Honor the Mayor, aye; noes none.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner Thomas and seconded by Commissioner French
it was ordered that F. A. Stevens be and he is hereby appointed to the position of City
Attorney in and for the city of Las Vegas at a salary of Fifty Dollars a month and that he
file a bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars and that the bond of the said F. A. Stevens
be approved by the Mayor, W. E. Ferron.

The Mayor then appointed G. H. French as finance commissioner of said city,

There bine no further business before the board it was upon motion duly made and
carried ordered that this board stand adjourned until the next meeting thereof.

Office of the City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 2nd, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada.

Present Hon. W.E. Ferron Mayor, with Commissioners W.E. Arnold and Ralph Thomas, with the
Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of said Board.

Upon Motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of Two Hundred dollars
be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City of Las Vegas Nev.
to the light fund of said City.

It was further ordered upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of One
hundred and fifty dollars be transferred from the General fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to
the Police fund of said City.

It was further ordered that the sum of one One hundred and ten dollars be and the same is
hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City to the Salary fund of said City of
Las Vegas, Nevada. There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of
said Board.