Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and Hie Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING	-	Rezoning This being the continuation of the Public Hearing held May 23, 1951

Boulder Dam Homesite 	on the rezoning of Lots 28 through 30 of Boulder Dam Homesites No. 3

No. 3	Addition from R-1 to R-3, the Planning Engineer reported that 75.92%

	of the property owners within 300 feet of this proposed rezoning had

signed the petition signifying that they have no objection to this
change of zone.

Commissioner Peccole moved that Lots 27, 28, 29 and 30 of Boulder Dam
Homesite No. 3 be rezoned from R-1 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting, aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the continuation of the Public Hearing held May 23, 1951 on

Assessment District	the creation of Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-9, the

No. 100-9	City Engineer reported that 59.304% of the total footage in this

proposed district is owned by Orvie and Adeline Clark and Elda Crane
	and Don Lehman, who have filed written objections to this improvement.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-9 be discontinued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

DEED TO UPRR	Commissioner Peccole moved the deed quitclaiming certain property to the

Spur Tract, Nellis	Nellis Airforce Base be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

Airforce Base	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER CO    At this time a letter from the Southern Nevada Power Company under date
Substation	        of May 26, 1951 regarding their inability to remove their substation

	        at 10th and Charleston due to limitations placed on the use of copper,

	        was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved the Southern Nevada Power Company be granted
an extension from July 1 to October 1, 1951 to remove this substation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

SOLICITORS LICENSE -            At this time Mr. Girven Lunn appeared before the Board requesting that the
Request for Reduction                  solicitors license fee be reduced in order that he might solicit for
magazine subscriptions and greeting cards.

	Commissioner Peccole moved this fee be reduced to $5.00 per quarter for

Mr. Lunn's license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

WATER HEARING	Commissioner Bunker moved the request of City Attorney Howard W. Cannon

to employ Mr. Everett Clark, water rate expert, to assist him at the
water hearing to be held by the Public Service Commission on June 5, 1951
	be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

SHAMROCK HOTEL	At this time a letter from Harold L. Wiley notifying the Board that he

is no longer interested in the Shamrock Hotel Corp. and that Albert Davis
	is the new president of the corporation was presented to the Board

for their consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Police Department be instructed to
make an investigation of Mr. Davis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

REQUEST TO ATTEND	Commissioner Whipple moved that Walter J. Richards, Municipal June 13

MEETING - Municipal	through June 15, 1951 in Washington D. C. with the City paying the

Judge	necessary expenses.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried fay the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Las Vegas Review

Journal for a license for the retail sale of Cigarettes and Tobacco
	Products be granted.