STOCKS SUBDIVISION # 2
Final Map Approved.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-18

Acceptance and Release of
Bond

STATE HIGHWAY DEED
Right of Way

North 5th



DEEDS FOR REALIGNMENT
Madison Avenue

PARKING LOT PAVING
Bid Date Set
Bid No. 54.24

SEWER IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM
Schedules D-1 & D-12
Bids Opened

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Jarrett. Commissioner Jarrett explained that his office wrote the bond for this
subdivision and therefore he could not vote for the approval of this map.

At this time the final map of Stocks Subdivision Tract No. 2 was presented to the
Board and recommended for approval by V. B. Uehling, Acting City Engineer,

Franklin Bills, Planning Director, explained that this final map had been approved
by the Planning Commission at a special meeting held August 3, 1954.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Stocks Subdivision, Tract No.

2, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time it was recommended by Acting City Engineer V B Uehling that the improve-
ments in Assessment District No. 100-18 be accepted, and that the performance bond
filed by Ideal Asphalt Paving Company, contractor for the installation of these
improvements, be released.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the streets in Assessment District
No. 100-18, namely Oakey Blvd from 5th to 10 Street be accepted and the bond
of Ideal Asphalt Paving Company be and the same is hereby released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Consideration was given to a deed to the State Highway Department for a portion of
the west half of North 5th Street, between Mesquite and Bonanza. This deed is
required for the proposed widening of North 5th Street by the State Highway
Department.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the deed for easement to the State Highway
Department being a portion of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 27 and the NE¼ of the
NE¼ of Section 34, T20S, R61E, MDB&M required in the proposed widening of North 5th
Street, be and the same is hereby approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Acting City Engineer V. B. Uehling presented two deeds at this time for the
realignment of Madison Avenue, and recommended that the Board authorize the
execution of these deeds to B. M. and Arlie M. Jones, and Elgin and Mary Holbert.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved these two deeds be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the Engineering Dept. requested that the Board set the date for the
opening of bids for the installation of paving in the following parking lots:

a.	City Hall

b.	UPRR Depot

c.	NW corner of 4th & Ogden

d.	SE corner of 3rd & Ogden

e.	Police Station

f.	Recreational area - City Park

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that these bids, to be known as Bid No. 54.24,
for the installation of paving in the above listed parking areas, be opened at a
regular meeting to be held August 18th, 1954, at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

 Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the construction of
Schedules D-1 to D-12 of the Sewer Improvement Program, bids were received from the
following firms.

Schedule	LONGLEY CONST. CO.	WELLS CARGO	RAMLJAK CO.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the
City Manager and City Engineer for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

8-4-54