pursuance of the Act above referred to notice is hereby given that a special election of legal
qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Tuesday the 10th. day of
October, 1911 at the fire house of said City situated on second street in said City for the
purpose of submitting to the legally qualified electors of said City the question of contracting
such bonded indebtedness as has been deemed necessary by the said Board of Commissioners as
above set forth. That the names of the inspectors of election as set forth above and they
are to choose two clerks of said election; that the polls will be open at the polling place
aforesaid during the hours from 8 o'clock A. M. to 6 o'clock. P.M. of said day.

Dated, Las Vegas, Nevada, September 6, 1911.

Peter Buol, Mayor
Commissioners: Charles McGovern
J. J. Coughlin
W. J. Stewart

Attest:	Ed. Von Tobel

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk

The Statutes provide that all male citizens of the United States who have resided in the
State of Nevada six months and in the county and City thirty days are entitled to vote at said
special election. The law provides that the ballots shall have printed thereon the words
"Sewerage Bonds, Yes" and "Sewerage Bonds, No." in parallel lines one above the other and that
the voter will scratch out the "Yes" if opposed to the bonds or the "No" if in favor of their
issue.

Peter Buol, Mayor
Commissioners: J. J. Coughlin

W. J. Stewart
Charles M. McGovern
Ed. Von Tobel

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk

The Clerk also presented the following affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is citizens of the United
States over the age of eighteen years: that he is the Publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Notice of Election of which the attached and forgoing is a true and correct copy was
published in said paper five consecutive issues, on the following dates, towit:- Sept, 9th,
16th, 23th, and39th, and October 7th, 1911.	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and worn to before me, this 10th, day of October, A.D. 1911.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.