On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Clerk be instructed to sign all electrical licenses and master electricians certificates
on which he Board of Commissioners as an examining Board had previously passed.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that LeRoy Whipple, Deputy City Clerk be granted annual leave of absence from August 16th, to
August 31st, 1938

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

All bids for city supplies received at this time were referred to the Purchasing Clerk for
abstract and said abstract to be handed to Commissioner Ronnow.

Ordinance No. 235 entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance Number 168 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing
a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the said City of Las Vegas;
defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain
factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial districts;
regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain works
or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said ordinance,
and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith," was read to the Board for a second time and adopted
by the following vote: Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none. Absent None.

Report of Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
the city install steps on the light poles at the ball park. To cost approximately $105.00.

Vote commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 19th day of August, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

August 19th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th lay of August, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioners Corradetti and Luce.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Mayor sign and forward Mr.	Miller owner of Miller's	Bakery	of the action of	the	Board

taken at a previous meeting whereby	Mr. Miller was allowed to	continue his bakery route.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the application of the Boulder Club for a "Race Horse Keno Game", be denied on the grounds
that it was ruled to be an unlawful game under the laws of the State of Nevada.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

LeRoy Harris of the Los Angeles P.W.A. office appeared before the Board in regard to the
City securing P.W.A. aid on proposed City Projects Nos. 1052 and 1053. Mr. Harris assured the
Board that he would help all he was able in pressing these projects to completion.

Mr. C.J. Mackey local Mgr. W.P.A and A.L.Worswick appeared before the Board in regard to
W.P.A. projects and the erection of	a municipal building for the City	under P.W.A.

Mr. Mackey presented to the	Board order for a pump to	be used	at the municipal	golf	course

now under construction. Mr. Krause was directed to investigate the possibility that funds for the
purchase of pump had been secured.

A number of interested citizens from Westside appeared before the Board in regard to
securing police protection, lights and streets. The Commissioners in the respective departments
were directed by the Mayor to investigate the possibility of providing for these improvements.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Jr. Chamber of Commerce be granted permission to use the City Ball park for a foot
ball game between the U of N and the U of A. on October 1st, 1938.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 22nd day of August, 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock P.M.