City Manager A. H. Kennedy presented the offer of the Federal Government to allow the
City to file on property located at 13th & Bridger. Mr. Kennedy explained that this is
a parcel of land approximately 45 X 150 feet and even though small could be secured
from the Government at approximately 50% of the fair appraisal market value conditioned
on the fact that the City would agree to continue to use the property as Stipulated in
an agreement, for 20 years. Mr. Kennedy recommended that it could be used for a smaLl
neighborhood park.

The Commission advised the City Manager to continue negotiations for this property.

At this time Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Charles J. Dorfman, the contractor
for the Sewer Outfall, for permission to use 2½ acres of City owned land as a yard in
connection with the construction.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Charles J. Dorfman be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager requested permission to call for bids for additional City trucks. He
explained that there would be certain transfers of existing equipment between Departments
and requested that four pick-up trucks be purchased.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be approved and that bids be
called for 4 new pickup trucks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Director of Finance Harold A. Laird for ex-
penses of $294.00 to attend the Municipal Finance Officers Association Convention and
the request of City Librarian Reba McKinster to attend the convention of the American
Librarian Association at a cost of $390.00 be approved, and required warrants prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the deed from the City to the Elks Club for approximately
5 acres of land in Section 26, T20S, R61E, which is the former location of the Dog Pound,
and requested its approval.

Commissioner Bunker moved this deed to the B.P.O. Elks be approved and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy presented the tentative map for the new addition to Woodlawn Cemetery
and requested approval of the same.

Commissioner Whipple moved this tentative map be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission requested information from the City Manager as to the status of the
trailers that are located on Westside in violation of City Ordinances. Mr. Kennedy
reported that that the Attorney's office is working on certain revisions to the Or-
dinance and no further action has been taken to remove trailers in violation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Employees Association be thanked for inviting the
Commission to the Pre-Helldorado Barbecue held this date, and that a letter be sent
expressing the Commission's appreciation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the action taken in this meeting to grant the license for it
slot machines and one Crap Table to C. R. Millhizer at the Silver Club Cafe, 505½

Jackson be rescinded pending a report from the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Fountain
moved this meeting recess until May 23, 1956 at 4.00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:		

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk	

FEDERAL LAND

SEWER OUTFALL
Contractors Use of
City Land

PURCHASE OF PICKUP
TRUCKS

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Finance
Library

DEED FOR CITY LAND
B. P. O. Elks

WOODLAWN CEMETERY
Tentative Map

TRAILER VIOLATIONS

EMPLOYEES ASSN.
Steak-Frv

GAMING APPLICATION 
Silver Club Cafe