be laid over for action by the Newly elected Board of City Commissioners.

This being the time for the second reading of an Ordinance regulating obstructions of side

walks and streets in said City coming on before the Board the Clerk proceeded to read said

ordinance for the second time, after the reading of said ordinance by the Clerk of said Board

it was upon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that said

ordinance be passed as appears more fully from ordinance book Number one of of said City under

Ordinance No. 40. the vote on said ordinance be as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye.



and his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel voting aye.

Upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried it was ordered that this
Board stand adjourned until Wednesday the 14th, day of May A.D. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M. to
take up any and all matters that may come before it, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart
aye, Coughlin, aye, and his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel, voting aye.

Office of the City ClerK, Las Vegas, Nevada,
May 14th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, and Commissioners Stewart
and Ed. Von Tobel. Minutes of May 7th, 1913. read and approved as read, All claims against the
City allowed as appears from the Claim book now on file in the office of the City Clerk.

This being the time set for the canvassing of the City Election returns for Mayor and Commissioners 

as held on the 6th, day of May A.D. 1913. and it further appearing to the satisfaction
of the Board that all the returns are in and on file with the Clerk of this Board as by law provided
the Board then proceeded to canvas said election returns , whereupon motion of Stewart and seconded
by Von Tobel and duly carried it was ordered that said returns be opened and counted as by law
Provided. Thereupon The City Clerk proceeded to open said returns and lay then before the Board
for there consideration, and after a carefully and through canvas by the Board it was found that
the following represented the vote cast for Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County Nevada.

Mayor: W.E. Hawkins	298

For Commissioner of the First Class:

John B. Curtiss	182

J.J. Lefurgery	74

Joe. E. smith	62

For Commissioner Second class.

J.J. Delameter	25

E.W. Griffith	163

A.H. Kramer	130

FOr Commissioners Third class

P.J. Sullivan	269

For Commissioner Fourth Class

Albert James	134

Edward E. Smith	183

It appearing to the Board that the above is a true and correct list of the election returns
in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 6th, day of May A.D. 1913. it was upon of

Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that the Clerk of this Board