Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

The Board of Zoning Adjustment originally had requested the dedication of 35 feet
of additional right-of-way along the north side of San Francisco which was needed
to satisfy the requirements of the Master Plan of Streets; however, after some 
discussion it was decided to change this to conformance to the setback ordinance.

USE PERMIT U-17-59	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Dillon Cross, Frank Vlack, Frank

Cross, Vlack and Cullen	Cullen (partnership) for a use permit to construct and operate a trailer park at

4900 East Bonanza, legally described as being the west 500 feet of the N½, NE¼,
Approved	NE¼, Section 32, T -20 S, R 61 E, M.D.B. & M., reserving therefrom a right-of-way

for road purposes over the north 20 feet and the south 20 feet thereof, in an R-2-T
zone, be approved as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the
following conditions:

1.	Conformance to the plot plan as amended.

2.	Dedication of 30 feet of additional right-of-way along the south side of East
Bonanza which is needed to conform to the Master Plan.

3.	Approval of the Clark County Board of Health.

4. Subject to fire protection facilities as approved by the Fire Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

VARIANCE V-12-59	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Gomer and Pauline Jones and A. W.

Jones and Blackman	Blackman, doing business as Shady Acres Trailer Court, for a variance to construct

five additional trailer spaces as an addition to an existing nonconforming trailer
Approved	park at 1101 North Main Street, legally described as a portion of the SW¼, NE¼,

Section 27, T 20 S, R 61 E, Tying north of Washington Street and between the Union
Pacific Railroad and North Main Street in an M-1 zone be approved as recommended by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	Conformance to setback ordinance.

2.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of bond sufficient to cover costs
of offsite improvements as recommended by the Engineering Department.

3.	Conformance to plot plan as amended.

4. Conformance to provisions of Trailer Ordinance No. 726.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

The Board of Zoning Adjustment originally had requested the dedication of 4 feet of
additional right-of-way along the west side of Main Street which was needed to 
conform to the Master Plan of Streets; however, after some discussion it was decided
to change this to conformance to the setback ordinance.

ANNEXATION A-1-59	The Commission considered the petition of the T-J Enterprises, Oakland, California,

T-J Enterprises	Theodore E. Wong, President, for the annexation of a portion of the NE¼, Section 8,

Resolution of Intent	T 20 S, R 61 E, M.D.B. & M., said area being located south of San Francisco and west

to Annex	of Rancho Road as extended and including approximately 120 acres.

Adopted	Planning Commission had studied this petition and on June 11, 1959; voted to 

recommend to the Board of City Commissioners the approval of this annexation with the
suggestion that the Board of City Commissioners hold the matter in abeyance for a
reasonable period of time pending receipt of a more detailed legal description and
pending investigation of the possibility of including the Golden Gate Industrial
Tract in this annexation. On June 17, 1959; the City Commission acted to hold the
matter in abeyance.

Planning Director Bills advised it had now been determined that the Golden Gate
Industrial Tract did not desire to join in this annexation; however, a proper legal
description had been received. This property is located within the confines of the
unincorporated Town of Winchester and the owners have petitioned the Board of County
Commissioners for an order detaching this property.

Commissioner Sharp moved that in accordance with State Statutes and County Ordinance
the following resolution of intention to annex this property be adopted and order
made as recommended by the Planning Commission, and that the Board of County 
Commissioners be officially notified of such action:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, an investigation has been made as to the possible annexation to the
City of Las Vegas of certain areas in the Unincorporated Town of Winchester in
Clark County, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the majority of the property owners as well as the owners of the
majority of the taxable property of said area which consists of more than 60 acres
have indicated a desire for annexation; and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas has recommended
the annexation of the hereinafter described property to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that said area may be annexed and
that said annexation will be in the public interest; and

WHEREAS, Ordinance 97 of the County of Clark provides that prior to circulating 
a petition to annex, sixty days notice of intention to annex must be given to the
Board of County Commissioners; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners, upon petition now filed by said 
property owner, intends this Resolution to be a notice to the Board of County Commissioners
of the intention to annex to the City of Las Vegas the hereinafter described property

8-5-59