USE PERMIT
Samuel M. Davis
U-27-55

VARIANCE
Boulder City
Broadcasting Co.
V-23-55

VARIANCE

M.D. Schroeder

V-24-55

VARIANCE
Olivia Bravo
V-25-55

At this time the Board considered the application of Samuel M. Davis to
erect a one story professional building on property situated at 404 Maryland
Parkway (Lots 19 and 20, Block 16, Pioneer Heights). This use permit was
approved by the Board of Adjustment because this property abuts a primary
major highway. Similar uses have been approved in this neighborhood and plot
plan indicates adequate set back from the highway and sufficient off street-
parking. The proposed building will accomodate two optometrists.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on this use permit be held
on September 7, 1955, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of the Boulder City
Broadcasting Company for a variance to operate a garden nursery on property
situated at 25th Street between Jansen and Owens Avenues. This variance was
approved by the Board of Adjustment because the area adjacent is used for the
radio transmission towers and is therefore undesirable for residential use;
set back is more than adequate to meet any contemplated street widening, and
ample area will be provided for off-street parking.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Boulder City
Broadcasting Company for a variance be approved, and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of August, 1955, having considered the
application of the Boulder City Broadcasting Company for a variance to operate
a garden nursery on property situated at 25th Street between Jansen and Owens
Avenues; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Boulder
City Broadcasting Company for a variance to operate a garden nursery on property
situated at 25th Street between Jansen and Owens Avenues be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of M.D. Schroeder to construct
to within 18'4" of the rear yard line where 25 feet are required at 3300 Westleigh
Drive (Lot 9, Block 11, Westleigh #5)/ This application was approved by the Board
of Adjustment because plot plan indicated that it would be difficult to re-design
proposed dwelling to meet all open space requirements; this corner lot is bounded
in the rear by a 20' dedicated alley which would make the distance between the rear
line of the dwelling as proposed and the nearest adjacent private property approxi-
mately 38'.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of M.D. Schroeder for a
variance be approved subject to inspection of the Building Department and compliance
with the set-back ordinance be approved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 3rd day of August, 1955, having considered the application
of M.D. Schroeder to construct to within 18'4" of the rear yard line where 25 feet
are required at 3300 Westleigh Drive (lot 9, Block 11, Westleigh #5); and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application:

NOW THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of M.D. Schroeder
to construct to within 18'4" of the rear yard line where 25 feet are required at 3300
Westleigh Drive (lot 9, Block 11, Westleigh #5) be approved, subject to inspection
of the Building Department and compliance with the set-back ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Olivia Bravo to replace
present store building used for the outlet of retail groceries at 410 Morgan Street
(Lot 6, Block 25, Original Las Vegas Townsite). This application for variance was
denied by the Board of Adjustment because this property is located in an R-4 zone
and is presently a legal non-conforming use as long as it is not expanded or changed
and it is the basic principle of zoning that non-conforming uses be eliminated at such
time as they are abandoned or value has been amortized; further this area is not
included within the confines of any commercial zone yet contemplated by Lane Use
Plans of the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Olivia Bravo to replace the
present store at 410 Morgan Street be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none.