On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following licenses for the second quarter year be granted:

4 slot machines for Silvagni Estates Co;. 7 slot machines Art Schreiber
Sam Paulos 2 slot machine licenses	Raymond Stanfeilbeil 1 slot machine.

Frank Hunter 1 slot machine,	

All gaming licenses to Bank Club, Las Vegas Club, Silver Club and C.F.Reid.

All applications being in order and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write to Wright L. Felt, State Director P.W.A. and ascertain if
the Construction firm of Bebek and Brkich be granted per mit to hire a handy man, if so the City
would pass a suitable Resolution.

Vote was commissioners Down Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City allow the firm of Bebek and Brkich to hire a cement finisher help at the rate of
$.70 per hour if the same was satisfactory with the PWA, and the Clerk was directed to transmit a
copy of this motion to the PWA office in Reno.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Clerk send tetters to property owners with property abutting on South Eighth Street from
Carson to Bridger and Clark to Garces in regard to the request of the Las Vegas Board of Education
for the closing of said South Eighth Street from Bridger Street to Clark Street, and ask that the
said letters be answered in writing so that the Board might know the opinion of the property
owners in regard to the closing of this street.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Board of Commissioners approve the narrowing of the alley returns from twenty to sixteen
feet upon the presentation of the approval of the improvement by Jas. H. Down, W.S. & L. Com-
missioners

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
Commissioner Marble approve the purchase of a grader for the City Street Department, and that
his choice would be satisfactory to this Board.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that this Board allow the sum of $182.25 as traveling expense for Chief of Police Mackey to Wash-
ington D.C. to attend a school of instruction for peace officers held in Washington during the
month of May, 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Saturday the 3rd day of April, 1937 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Thursday the 1st day
of April 1937 st the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following

business:

1. To consider and act upon the application of the T.W.A. for permit to operate an airline
through the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Dated this 1st day of April, 1937.

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

H.L. Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clark's office on Thursday the
1st day of April, 1937, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following

business: