Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

August 2nd, 8'oclock P.M. 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
August 2nd, A.D. 1911. at 8'oclock P.M. present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, Stewart Commissioner
of the First Classs, and commissioners Von Tobel, Mc Govern, and Coughlin.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City ware then presented before the Board for there consideration
and allowed per claim Book.

The question of holding an election to vote upon Sewerage Bonds coming on before the Board
The following resoluation was read before the Board in full.

" Whereas, It is the opinion of the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County , Nevada, that there is at the present time great and urgent need for the establishment
and constructlon of system of sewerage in said City, and,

Whereas, the preservation of the public health demands the establushment of such sewer
system, and whereas,: It is the opinion of such Board of City commissioners that the sum of
$40,000,00. will serve to construct and establish a adequate system of sewerage in said City,

Now , Therefore: Be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas,
that due notice be given of an election hereby called to be held in the said City of Las Vegas
on the 30th, day of August, 1911. and that at such election there be submitted to the electors
of such City the Question" Shall the City of Las Vegas issue "Las Vegas sewerage Bonds" in the
sum of $40,000,00. for the purpose of providing and creating a fund for the construction and
establishment of an adquate system of sewerage in to said city of Las Vegas" and further.

Be it resloved that such notice be given to the public by advertising in the newspapers comm-
only known and called the Clark County Review, and the Las Vegas Age both printed and published
at Las Vegas, said county and State, and posting the said notice in three public places in said
City at least three weeks prior to the day of holding such election.

Read the first time August 2nd, 1911.





Passed and adopted by the following vote viz:- on this 2nd, day of August l9ll.
Commissioner Von Tobel voting aye. Commissioner McGovern voting aye, Commissioners
Coughlin voting aye, His Honor the Mayor voting , aye, And by virtue thereof the said resolution is adopted and carried, And it is so recorded.

The question of purchansing land for sewerage tank, out fall and sewerage farm forsaid
City Coming on before the Board, it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel, and
duly carried by the Board that a commettie be appointed to consist of His Hon, the Mayor ,
Commissioners $$$$$$$$ Von Tobel and Stewart, with authority to take options on land for sewerage farm, sepctictank, and aout fall for said sewerage system to be installed in said
City of Las Vegas. the vote being being cast as follows towit:- Commissioner Stewart aye.
Commissioner Coughlin, aye, commissioner Von Tobel, aye, Commissioner McGovern aye, His Hon.
the Mayor , Peter Buol, voting aye,

Ater due consideration upon the part of the Board the following resolution adopted by the
Board, "Opon motion of Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Commissioner Von Tobel, and duly
carried, "whereas be it resolved that we as a Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of

Las Vegas, do reconsider and rescind that part of these minutes relative to the Bond election
for a sewerage system innand for said City." the vote being cast as follows towit:-