Mr. Kennedy requested approval of a Work Order in the amount of $1200.00 to repair
and convert the existing building in Lions Club Park into a lawnmower repair shop.

Mr. Kennedy explained that at the present time this work is being done in a portion
of the Central. Swimming Pool and those quarters are too small besides being incon-
venient .

Commissioner Sharp moved that a Work Order in the amount of $1200.00 for the repair
and conversion of the building in Lions Club Park into a lawnmower repair shpp be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

The City Manager advised the Commission that three university students will be hired
shortly on a temporary basis to check door-to-door on delinquent dog licenses.

Consideration was given to the application of Edward D. Cramer for a secondhand dealer's
license at 219 North 1st Street, dba Eddie's Friendly Store. The Commission was advised
that this license was previously issued to E.M. Krabbenhoft doing business as Ernie's
Friendly Store at the same location. The Commission was further advised that the Police
Department had investigated this applicant and recommended that this license be issued.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Edward D. Cramer for a secondhand dealer's
license at 219 North 1st Street, Eddie's Friendly Store be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issued the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 10016 to 10192 inclusive
in the total amount of $207,213.18 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

At the hour of 5:00 P.M. Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting recess until 7:30 P.M.
of this date, April 3; 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

4-3-57 Regular

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 3, 1957

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
scheduled to be held this 3rd day of April, 1957 was called to order at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. by City Clerk Shirley Lodwick.

No action was taken on any matters pending before the Board of Commissioners due
to the fact there was not a quorum present, and the Clerk so announced. The Clerk
further announced that all matters scheduled at this time would be considered at
the next meeting on April 17, 1957.

Members present:	 City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Members Absent:	 Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

ATTEST: & APPROVED:

 City Clerk

LAWNMOWER REPAIR SHOP
Work Order Approved

DELINQUENT DOG
LICENSE FEES

SECONDHAND DEALERS
LICENSE

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

RECESS