He presented a Map of the Las Vegas area designating the division of school areas and
explained to the Commission where it was proposed to establish Junior High Schools.

Discussion was held with Mr. Gray and it was determined that whenever and wherever possible
the City would work with the Schools to assist in a program of mutual benefit.

At this time City Attorney Cannon left the meeting.

Thereafter Mayor Baker appointed Commissioner Bunker to meet with Mr. Gray and representatives
of the School; along with the City Manager, Director of Public Works and Recreation
Director to see what could be outlined in this proposed project. This committee tentatively
set June 11, 1936 at 2:00 P.M. as the meeting time.

Mr. Roger Foley representing Albert and David Mengarelli in their request to transfer the
tavern liquor license of the Log Cabin Bar from 122 North 1st Street to 2301½ South 5th
Street, appeared at this time. Mr. Foley indicated and vouched for the operation of these
licensees and requested approval by the Commission.

The Commission advised Mr. Foley and Messrs. Mengarelli that they felt that there was too
great a concentration of liquor licenses, including both package liquor and tavern liquor
licenses in this area At the present time.

Thereafter the Commission advised the applicants that their license for the Log Cabin Bar
at 122 North 1st Street would remain suspended until the license meeting of the Commission
on June 27, 1956.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney for military leave
commencing June 9, 1956 for fifteen days be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Ralston O. Hawkins, Assistant City Attorney be granted
permission and expenses to attend the Civil Aeronautics Board Hearing on additional air
service into Las Vegas, to be held in San Jose, June 11, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

CHEVRON MOTEL & GAS STA.	1328 South 3th	Floyd F. Johnson

RICHFIELD TRUCK TERMINAL	629 South Main	Davis Brothers

EL SOMBRERO CAFE	807 South Main	C. J. Griego

FREMONT HOTEL	200 Fremont	Sutton Vending

MONTMARTRE MOTEL	920 W. Bonanza	Sutton Vending

PARDEE PHILLIPS	2303 S. 13th	Sutton Vending

RITZ VEGAS MOTEL	1424 S. 5th	Sutton Vending

SILVER PALACE	1st & Fremont	Sutton Vending

RICHFIELD GAS STATION	E. Street	Julius Marron

U. S. MOTEL	2300 Fremont	Cecil E. & Tillie

VEGAS VILLAGE NEWS & CAMERA	J. Atwell

CENTER	1301 North 3th	Warren L. Rollins

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Glenn Bodell to add the names of Margaret Neff
and Robert Antonini to his detective license known as Nevada Detective Service, 210 South
4th Street, be approved as recommended by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that John Replogle be reappointed as a member of the Board of
Zoning Adjustment for a period of 3 years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Robert Brown, whose term on the Warm Air Heating Code Board
expires June 30, 1956, be reappointed for a term of 2 years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the resignation of Dr. C. W. Woodbury from the Las Vegas Golf Board, effective
immediately, was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Dr. Woodbury's resignation from the Las Vegas Golf Board
be accepted and that a letter be sent him in appreciation of his service on this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the plans and specifications for the proposed
Assessment District No. 100-35, for the installation of improvements on East Charleston
Boulevard had been filed with the City Clerk and recommended that the Board proceed with
the District.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has been and still
is without adequate curbs, gutters and street paving; and



LIQUOR LICENSE
Transfer Request
Log Cabin Bar

MILITARY LEAVE
City Attorney



CAB HEARING
Attendance of
Attorney

CIGARETTE

APPLICATIONS

DETECTIVE LICENSE
Addn partners

BOARD OF ADJUSTMENT
Reappointment of
member

WARM AIR HEATING CODE
Reappointment of Member

LAS VEGAS GOLF BOARD
Resignation



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-33

East Charleston Blvd.
Improvement