183

BIDS  Marble Manor	This being the time for recommendations on the improvements of Marble, Manor the only bid received was as follows:  IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO. $8,074.50  The estimate given by the City Engineer to the City Manager was in the sum of $7,144.15.  Commissioner Peccole moved the Ideal Asphalt Company be awarded the bid for streets surrounding Marble Manor Improvement in the sum of $8,074.50 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
RETAINING WALL L. V. Meehan	On the request of L. V. Meehan to build a retaining wall on City Property at 14th & Ogden, City Attorney stated this could not be done on City Property. City Attorney was instructed to write Mr. Meehan of this decision.
FINAL MAPS  Westwood Park #2	Commissioner Peccole moved the final map of Westwood Park be approved subject to the execution of the agreement between the subdivider and the City to provide for street improvements in the contract and filing for a bond.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
RADLICK ESTATES Tract #1	Commissioner Peccole moved the final map of Radlick Estates Tract #1 be approved subject to the filing of the required bond.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Mr. Radlick was present and asked the Board if he should go ahead and pave the streets.  It was recommended that Mr. Radlick proceed to construct the Curbs, Gutters and the Sidewalks for his Subdivision. The Board also recommended he go ahead with paving curbs and gutters in his subdivision with the exception of Oakey Blvd. which will be paved in conjunction with the proposed Assessment District.
VARIANCES David J. Lund  	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission the application of David J. Lund to build twenty units on a lot 16,000 square feet in area located on Paradise Valley Road, near the intersection of St. Louis Street in a R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District was presented.  Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation be accepted and the following Resolution adopted.  WHeREAS, on the 25th day of September, 1952, David J. Lund filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct twenty units on a lot 16,000 square feet in area located on Paradise Valley Road, near the intersection of St. Louis Street, in a R-2 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and  WHEREaS, on October 9, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and  WHEREAS, on October 9, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission approved the application as they did not feel this use would be depreciating to the surrounding propertys; and  WHEREaS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 5, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted.  NOW, THEREFORE, Be IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that David J. Lund be granted a variance to construct twenty units on a lot 16,000 square feet in area, located on Paradise Valley Road, near the intersection of St. Louis Street, in a R-2 Use District, be and the same hereby is approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Tora & Mark S. Keeley    	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Mark & Tora S. Keeley to establish a school of dance arts for the education of children from the ages of four to twelve at 232 S. 7th between Carson Street and Bridger Street in a R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District be denied, was presented at this time.  Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation that this application be denied, be accepted and the following Resolution adopted.  #344 WHEREAS, on the 14th day of October, 1952, Tora St Mark S. Keeley filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission to establish a school of dance arts for the education of children from the ages of four to twelve years at 232 South Seventh Street between Carson Street and Bridger in a R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and  WHEREAS, on October 23, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearingon this application for variance; and  WHEREAS, on October 23, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the application inasmuch as they felt that this use would depreciate surrounding properties and therefore would prove detrimental to them; and  WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on November 5, 1952, recommend- ing that such variance not be granted.  NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the variance application of Tora and Mark S. Keeley to establish a school of dance arts for the education of children from the ages of four to twelve years at 232 South 7th Street between Carson and Bridger in a R-3 Use District be denied, be and the same hereby is approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett passed his vote.
Mrs. Byron Thornton	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Mrs. Byron Thornton to build a duplex in addition to an existing single family dwelling (situated at 417 N. 8th St. between Mesquite Avenue and Linden Ave., in a R-2 (Two Family Residence) Use District be approved, was presented at this time.