Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within four weeks after said special
assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand; provided,
that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner, be
paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole
assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of four weeks shall be conclusively
considered and held an election on the part of all persons interested, whether under
disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such election to pay
in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of the Ex-Officio
City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first
of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of
June, 1960, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively
on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in
all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal from the 1st day of June,
1959, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment bond
to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven percentum
(7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer, the
first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June, 1960, and
the remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st
day of June in each year thereafter, Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal
or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and
payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest
shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten percentum (10%) per annum, until the
day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount
of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten percentum (10%) per annum, and
all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in
installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any
property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole
of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax
roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County
Assessor of Clark County, Acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend
the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County
Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of
the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the
same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when
collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-43 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund", and as such shall at all times
constitute a sinking fund for and deemed special appropriated to the payment of the
special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized,
sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said
improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which
said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds
and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved,
said Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-Officio 
City Assessor, whose name appears on said Assessment roll, by United States of
America mail, that an assessment has been levied against said person, and the designated
property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-43 and shall state therein
when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this
Ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City,
directed toward the improving of North Main Street by installing a complete street
lighting system in the said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-43, toward
the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to
defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified, approved, and
confirmed.

SECTION 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts
of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

SECTION 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of
this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment
shall not effect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but
shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and
invalidity of any section, sentence, clause, or part of this ordinance, in any one or
more instances shall not effect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity
of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las
Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants
and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore,
it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for
the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two suc-
cessive weeks immediately following its final beading and adoption, in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become
effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 18th day of March, 1959.

/s/ C. D. BAKER________

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS______________________

Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

3-18-59