lodging houses, accomodating four or more lodgers, manufacturers, laundries, livery stables, garages, auto-
mobile and motor sales agencies, vulcanizing shops, battery service shops, sales stables, cattle or horse cor-
rals, express companies, telegraph and telephone companies, oil wells or tanks, oil refineries, tanneries,
foundaries, brick yards, manufacturers of concrete blocks, street railway companies operating in whole or in
part within the city. To fix and impose and collect a license tax on and regulate auctioneers, stockbrockers
and stock exchanges. To fix, impose and collect a license tax on, regulate, prohibit or suppress barrooms,
raffles, hawkers, peddlers, except those dealing in their own agricultural products of this state. To fix, im-
pose and collect a license tax on, regulate, prescribe the location of or suppress, all barrooms, street
fakers, street peddlers, except those above stated; fortune tellers, mediums, astrologers, palmists, clairvoy-
ants, phrenologists, pawnshops, pawn brokers, oil wells, oil tanks, oil refineries, soap manufacturers, brick
yards, livery, feed or sale stables, cattle or horse corrals, foundries and machine shops. To prohibit and
suppress all dog fights, prize fights, cock fights, bear, bull or badger baits, sparring and sparring contests.
Within said city and within one mile outside of the city limits to regulate, prohibit, and prescribe the
location of and suppress all houses of ill-feme, hurdy gurdy houses, bawdyhouses, and any and all places to
which persons resort for lewd or lascivious purpose or purposes of lewdness or prostitution, including dance
houses having special attractions, such as music or otherwise; to license and regulate gambling as allowed by
law, and to prohibit gambling in all its various forms. To fix, impose and collect a license tax on and
regulate all lawful professions, trades, callings and business whatsoever, including grocers, merchants of any
every, and all kinds, trades and traders of all kinds, hotels, butcher shops, slaughter-houses, wood and fuel
dealers, coal dealers, ice dealers, refrigerating plants, ice manufacturers, sewing machine agents, marble and
stone dealers, saddle or harness makers or shops, cigar stores, stationery stores, confectionery stores, news-
paper stands, plumbing shops, tin shops, when separate from hardware stores, paint or oil stores, bicycle shops,
repair shops, cycleries, garages, newspapers or publications, advertising agencies, insurance companies,
building and loan associations and companies, fire, life and accident insurance companies and agents or solici-
tors for the same, shooting galleries, upholsterers, soap factories, barber shops, collection agencies and
collectors, carpet cleaners, photographers, wagon makers, wheel-wrights blacksmith shops, horseshoeing shops,
tailors and tailor shops , cobblers, tinkers, cloth cleaning and dyeing establishments, all billiard and pool
games, or other or any table games played with cue or balls, or other mechanical device, bakeries, milliners,
gunsmith shops, steam renovating works, dressmaking establishments, telephone companies, electric light, water
and power companies, bankers, brokers of any, every and all kinds, electric supply houses, job printers,
manufacturers of soda water or other or any soft drinks, brewing companies, brewing agencies, patent medicine
agencies, agencies of any and all kinds, wholesale houses, or purchasers or brokers, sampling works, flour
mills, city express and job wagons, draymen, second-hand stores, messenger service establishments, contractors,
or contracting mechanics or builders, sash and door factories, planing mills, machine shops, car shops, building
and loan companies and agents and solicitors for same, real estate agents, real estate solicitors, pop com,
peanut, delicatessen, fruit and lemonade stands, refreshment or coffee stands, booths and sheds, dry goods
stores of every and all kinds, boot and shoe stores, furniture stores, drug stores, undertakers, glass and
crockery stores, tamale stands or shops, abstract of title companies, title insurance companies, or persons
furnishing abstract of title, iron works, notions and notion stores, pipe and tobacco stores, resorts for
amusements of all kinds, advertising by billboards, placards and the like, bootblacks and boot-black stands,
gun stores, sporting, hunting and fishing tackle stores, jewelry stores, and all and singular each, every and
any business and all trades and professions, including attorneys, doctors, physicians, chiropractors, osteopaths,
and dentists, and all character of lawful business or callings and not herein specifically named; provided, that
in fixing licenses the board must make the same uniform as to each trade, calling, business, occupation or
profession.

11. To fix, impose and collect an annual per capita tax on all dogs and to provide for the capture
and destruction of all dogs on which said tax shall not be paid. To fix, impose and collect a license tax on
and regulate hacks, hackney coaches, cabs, omnibuses, taxis, express wagons, drays, job wagons and other public
vehicles, and to regulate their charges, and to require schedule of charges to be posted in or upon such public
vehicles. To fix, impose and collect a license tax on, regulate, prohibit or suppress runners for hotels,
taverns, and other businesses.

12.	To lay out, establish, open, alter, widen, extend, grade, narrow, vacate or otherwise improve
streets, alleys, avenues, sidewalks, parks, and public grounds, and by ordinance require and provide for the
macadamizing, oiling, curbing, grading, graveling and regrading, paving, draining, cleaning, repairing, light-
ing, surfacing or resurfacing the same.

13.	To plant or direct and regulate the planting of ornamental shade trees, in, along, and upon
streets, avenues, sidewalks, parks and public grounds.

14.	To regulate and control the use of streets, alleys, avenues, sidewalks, crosswalks, parks and
public grounds.

15.	To prevent and remove obstructions and encroachments upon the same.

16.	To provide for and regulate crosswalks, curbs and gutters.

17.	To name streets, avenues or other public places, and to change the names thereof.

18.	To	regulate	or	prohibit traffic and sale upon the streets, sidewalks, and in public	places.

19.	To	regulate	the use of sidewalks and all structures thereunder or thereover, and to	require the

owner or occupant of any property to keep sidewalks in front or along the same, free from snow and other obstruc-
tions.

20.	To regulate and prevent the throwing or disposing of ashes, offal, dirt, garbage, or any offensive
matter, in, and to prevent injury or obstruction to, any street, avenue, alley, park or public grounds.

21.	To regulate or prohibit the use of streets, avenues, alleys, sidewalks, public buildings and gounds,
for signs, signposts, awnings, poles for the support of wires or cables, horse troughs or racks, or for posting
hand bills or advertisements.

22.	To	regulate	or	prevent the flying of flags, banners, or signs across the street, or	from buildings.

23.	To	regulate	or	prohibit the exhibition, distribution or carrying of placards or handbills in the

streets, avenues, alleys, public grounds, Or upon the sidewalks.

24.	To regulate the speed of horses and other animals, bicycles, automobiles, and other conveyances,
and vehicles, and cars and locomotives within the city limits of the corporation, and to prescribe the length
of time any street may be obstructed by trains being made, or cars standing thereon; and to prevent horseracing,
immoderate driving or riding in the streets, alleys, avenues and public places.

25.	To compel persons to fasten animals attached to vehicles standing or remaining on the streets,
alleys, avenues and public places.

26.	To regulate or prohibit any public demonstrations and processions.