WHEREAS, Hannaford & Talbot - Juran & Moody by telegram dated the 28th day of
July, 1950 agreed to accept bonds in the amount of $46,661.51,

NOW, THEREFORE, Commissioner Moore moved the bid of Hannaford & Talbot -
Juran & Moody for Las Vegas Meadows Addition Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds,

Series of July 1, 1950, in the total amount of $46,661.51 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAWNSHOP	At this time Mr. Rulon Earl, representing Mr, Sam Ingalls, Las Vegas Loan Company,

APPLICATION	126 South 1st, applicant for a Pawnshop license, appeared before the Board.

Las Vegas

Loan Co	Commissioner Peccole moved the application of the Las Vegas Loan Co., 126 South 1st

Street for a pawnshop license be granted subject to the approval of the Police
	Department.

After discussion was held try the Board with Mr. Earl and Mr. Ingalls Commissioner
Peccole withdrew the above motion.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing application for pawnbrokers license be
tabled until August 10, 1950.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTLEIGH.        Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning
SUBDIVISION   Commission contained in their letter of August 4, 1950, the final map of Westleigh
Final Map               Subdivision, Tract 1, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same*

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Stewart appeared before the Board at this time regarding the effluent water from
the Sewage Disposal Plant.

The Board discussed the matter with Mr. Stewart, whose tentative proposal was for
the Association he represents to purchase this water on the following basis:

$100.00 per month for the first two years.

150,00 per month for the next three years.

200.00 per month thereafter.

The Board requested Mr. Stewart to submit his proposal in writing, at which time
it will be considered,

SALE OF BOND	Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager to employ Edward

ISSUES	L. Burton Co,, Salt Lake City to assist the City of Las Vegas with proceedings for

Proceedings	the sale of special assessment bonds be approved and that this company be requested

Service	to submit a contract to the Board for consideration.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioner

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE OF	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Manager

POLES for	dated August 1, 1950, the bid of Osborne & Kitchen, Inc, of Reno, Nevada of $22.45

Elect. Dept.            each on sixty wooden poles for use of the Electrical Dept. be accepted.

 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioner

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION       Commissioner Moore moved a resolution be adopted authorizing the City to enter into
Lease of R/W	a lease with Nellis Air Force Base for use of a right-of-way in the east portion of

Nellis	Section 33, T 19 S, R 62 E, Clark County, Nevada, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

	to sign said lease;

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote;

Commissioner Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BUOL ADDITION Action on the cost of graveling and grading an undedicated street in Buol Addition
Improvement of       was held in abeyance pending report from the City Manager
Street

SEWER IMPROVE- Commissioner Peccole moved the petition filed with the City Clerk on August 1, 1950
MENT -Petition        signed by property owners in Stewart and Tankel Additions of the City, requesting the
	creation of a Sewer Assessment District be referred to the City Engineer for investi-

gation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SIEVER STATE      Commissioner Moore moved the request of the Silver State Elks Lodge requesting permission
ELKS - Request        to hold their annual Carnival at 504 Jackson on September 4 to September 9, 1950
to Hold	inclusive, be granted.

Carnival

 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioner

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;, noes, none,

CONCESSION-    At this time the request of J, Francis Shere, Concessionaire for the City of Las Vegas
AIRE - Renewal    to renew the concession agreement for a period of five years from August 22, 1950 was
of Agreement        presented to the Board for their consideration.

