Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day of August 1923.

Florence S. Doherty.
City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

First Publication July 27, 1923
Last Publication August 24, 1923.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Notice of Sale of Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923 Series), of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper five consecutive issues, on the following dates, to wit:

July 27; August 3, 10, 17, 24, 1923.

Signed Chas. C. Corkhill	

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 27th day of August A. D. 1923.

Florence S. Doherty.

City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

It therefore appearing to the Board that due notice of sale has been
given, the Clerk was thereupon ordered , on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Shield, to open all bids then in her hands relating to the sale of Thirty Thousand
($30,000) Dollars Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923 Series), whereupon the Clerk presented the
following bids:

August 27,1923.

Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.	

Gentlemen:

For $30,000 Direct Obligation 6% Las Vegas Highway Bonds, with full
number of coupons attached, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, dated
September 1st, 1923, maturing $2,000 on July 1st in each of the years
1925 to 1939, inclusive, interest payable semi-annually oh January
2nd and July 1st in each year both interest and principal payable
at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in denominations of $1,000 each, we will pay you upon delivery of said
bonds to us at such banking point as we may designate, free of exchange
and collection charges, the par value of said bonds, $30,000.00, ac-
crued interest from date of bonds to date of delivery to us, and a pre-
mium of $666.00.

Bonds are to be legally issued and in form satisfactory to our attor-
neys and prior to delivery of said bonds you are to furnish us with
a complete certified transcript of all proceedings had incident to
the issuance of said bonds, evidencing their legality to the sat-
isfaction of our attorneys, and you agree promptly to adopt such pro-
ceedings and to take such steps as may be necessary to make said bonds
legal in their opinion. We agree to take delivery of said bonds as
soon as they may be legally issued and delivered to the satisfaction
of our attorneys.

We hand you herewith our certified check number 4022 on Walker Brothers'
Bankers of Salt Lake City for $325.00. This check is to beheld uncashed
by you as evidence of our good faith in this transaction and applied
as part payment on the purchase price when the bonds are delivered to us.
In case this offer, which is for immediate acceptance only, is rejected,
or if the legality of the bonds is not approved by our attorneys this
check is to be returned to us immediately. Said check to be forfeited
to the City as full liquidated damages in case we fail to comply with the
terms of this bid.

Respectfully submitted

CENTRAL TRUST COMPANY

L.P. Van Voorhees

Manager Bond Department