VACATION OF ALLEY
American Legion
Meadows Addn.

OPENING OF BIDS
No. 53.4.
Sludge Pump

PARCEL 11

Commencing at the NE Comer of Lot 19, Block 22, resubdivision of Block
22, resubdivision of Block 13, 21 and 22 of Wardie Addn. to the City of
Las Vegas on file in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada,
thence south 62°08'25" east, a distance of 26.42 feet to a point; thence
0°11'15" West, a distance of 47,06 feet to a point; thence South 89°39,50"
west a distance of 56.36 feet to a point; thence north 27°59'05" east, a
distance of 70.67 feet to the point of beginning.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

It was the decision of the Board that if and when a full Board is present there will be action
on the vacation of the remaining parcels.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the vacation of that portion of the east-west alley
in BLk. 1 of the Meadows Addn. east of the east right of way line of South Fifth Street.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed vacation. There were
no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the vacation of the east-west alley in Block 1 of the Meadows
Addn. be vacated and the following order adopted:

A Petition, signed by five (5) freeholders residing in the area, affected, having been filed with
the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of an alley in Block 1 of the Meadows Addition,
and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred to the Regional Planning Commission of
Clark County, Nevada, for its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed
its report, dated February 2, 1953, with this Board approving and recommending said Vacation;

And this Board by an Order made at its regular meeting held on the 4th day of February, 1953,
set the 18th day of March, 1953 at the hour of 8:00 o’clock P.M. at the Commissioners’ Room of the
Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the Northwest corner of Fifth and
Stewart Streets in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada as the time and place for the Public
Hearing on said Petition and recommendation; and Ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid alley
proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the Public
Hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk of this Board,
that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is attached to said affidavit, was
posted on the l6th day of February, 1953, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for Vacation and the recommendation
of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in support of and there
being no opposition to said Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the alley proposed to be vacated is no
longer required for the Public Use and convenience, that said Vacation will inure to the benefit of
the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the Public nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED That the following described alley in the Meadows Addition as recorded in
the records of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, to-wit:

That portion of the east-west alley in Block 1
of the Meadows Addition, east of the east right-
of-way line of South Fifth Street,

be and the same hereby is vacated.

DATED: March 18, 1953

APPROVED:

ATTEST:

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;, noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 53.4 for Sludge Pump for Sewer Plant,
bids were received from the following firms:

THE DORR COMPANY

INLAND SERVICE & SUPPLY	No Bid

McQUAY SUPPLY COMPANY	No Bid

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for check and recommendation

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.	