MURRY WOLLMAN

AGNES D. WOLLMAN,

Owners of Lots 11 and 16, in Block 19.

RALPH FRANCIS FARLEY

LILLIAN MAE FARLEY,

Owners of Lot 9, in Block 11.

HOME BUILDERS CORPORATION

ATTEST:	By E. A. CLARK

E.	A. HONRATH,	Its President,

Secretary.	Owner of Lots 19 and 20, in Block

(SEAL)	1, Lots 1 to 9, inclusive, in Block

2,	and Lots 1 and 2, in Block 3, of

Mayfair Tract No. 1.

E. A. CLARK,

Owner of Lots 1, 2 and 3 in Block

1,	Mayfair.

E. H. WALLACE,

Owner of Lot 21, in Block 1, Mayfair.

E. A. HONRATH."

and

WHEREAS, ON said date the Board made an order setting the time of the hearing on said
application for Monday, the 17th day of August, 1942, at 7:30 o’clock P.M., that being the next
regular meeting of the Board; and

WHEREAS, notice of the time and pace was duly given in the Las Vegas Evening Review-
Journal, a newspaper of general airculation published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, which notice was published on the 18th day of July, the 25th day of July,
and the first day of August, 1942, as appears from the affidavit of publication on file
herein; and

WHEREAS, at the regular meeting of said Board, held on the 17th day of August, 1942,
at 7:30 o’clock P.M., said application was duly considered by the Board, and there having
been filed with the Clerk of the Board, protests to the granting of said application,
the Board, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, referred said application to the
Planning Board for its reconsideration, in view of the protests so filed, and continued the
hearing and consideration of said application until Monday, the 24th day of August, 1942, at 7:30
o'clock P.M., at the same place; and

WHEREAS, on this 24th day of August, 1942, at 7:30 o’clock P.M., the report of said
Planning Board on said application was duly considered by the Board, and said report having
recommended that said application be granted, and this Board, after hearing the arguments for
and against the granting of said application and after duly considering the same and being
satisfied that neither the public nor any person would be materially injured by the granting
of said application, acted upon the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED: That the application made by A. C. Delkin and Eugenia Delkin, Las
Vegas Development Co., a corporation, M. M. Sweeney, Murry Wollman and Agnes D. Wollman, Ralph
Francis Farley and Lilliam Mae Farley, Home Builders’ Corporation, a corporation, E. A. Clark,

E. H. Wallace and E. A. Honrath, be granted, and that the following described portions of the plat
of Ladd's Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as shown by map thereof on file in Book 1 of Plats,
page 2, in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, together with the following
described portion of the streets and alleys in said plat, to-wit:

All of Blocks 16, 17 and 18;

All of the northerly and southerly alleys running
through said Blocks 16, 17 and 18;

All that portion of Fourteenth Street extending from
Carson Street to Clark Street, to-wit: the westerly
fifteen feet of Fourteenth Street, and the easterly
fifteen feet of said Fourteenth Street;

All that portion of Fifteenth Street, extending from
Fremont Street to the south end of said Fifteenth
Street, to-wit:	the west twenty feet of said Fifteenth

Street;

All that portion of Carson Street, between Fourteenth
Street and Fifteenth Street, described as follows:
the southerly ten feet of said Carson Street and the
northerly ten feet of said Carson Street;

All that portion of Bridger Street, extending between
Fourteenth Street and Fifteenth Street, to-wit: the
south fifteen feet of said Bridger Street and the
North fifteen feet of said Bridger Street;

All that portion of Lewis Street, extending between
Fifteenth Street and Fourteenth Street, to-wit: the
north fifteen feet of said Lewis Street and the south
fifteen feet of said Lewis Street;

All that portion of Clark Street, extending between
Fourteenth Street and the east end of said Clark Street,
to-wit:	the north fifteen feet of said Clark Street.

be and the same is hereby vacated, upon the condition, however, that the owners of said Blocks
16, 17 and 18, of Ladd's Addition so vacated, in accordance with the plat presented to the Board.

A vote was then taken on said Resolution with the following results:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch, and His Honor, the Mayor, voting "AYe". "Noes," none. Said
Resoltuion was thereupon declared unanimously adopted.