First National Bank
of Nevada, Trustee

HOUSE MOVING
George H. Wood

AUDITING OF CITY
ACCOUNTS - 1955

VACATION

Bonneville Avenue

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Phil's Liquor Store

The Skillet

The Little Kitchen

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Blue Moon Cafe

Cotton Club
Lucky Strike Club

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of December, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 30th day
of November, 1954, executed by Jack Leavitt, et al to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for Schedules "B"
and "C" Trunk Sewer purposes executed by First National Bank of Nevada, Trustee, deed
dated November 29, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, seconded by Commissioner Whipple and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of December, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 29th day
of November, 1954, executed by First National Bank of Nevada, Trustee, to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorced in the office of the County. Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the application of George H. Wood, 361 No. 15th Street,
to move a 24' x 31' building from 128 South 6th Street to 356-358 North 14th Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the property owners be notified that a hearing will be
held on this matter on December 15, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

At the hour of 9:25 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 10:05 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

At this time the proposal of Conway, Moe, Hibbs & Funston for auditing of City Accounts
for 1955 was considered. The matter was taken under advisement.

The petition of Southern Nevada Power Company for vacation of a portion of Bonneville
Avenue was considered.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this petition be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

The application for change of ownership for the 4th quarter, 1954, of Phil's Liquor Store
was considered.

Mr. Phil Cummings was present to request approval of this application. Mr. D. Francis
Horsey was present representing Mr. Dennis Schumacher.

Commissioner Jarrett moved approval of the application to change ownership of Phil's
Liquor Store, 521 Carson Avenue, Retail Liquor (Miniature) from Phil Cummings to Dennis
Schumacher.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

The following liquor applications for change of ownership were considered:

THE SKILLET	John Godde	1519 So. Main	Rest. Bev.

(Formerly James Page)

THE LITTLE KITCHEN	Charles W. Ross, Jr.	1608 Fremont	Rest. Bev.

(Formerly Kay Bell)

Commissioner Sharp moved approval of the foregoing applications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved approval of the new gaming application of Blue Moon Cafe,

Mel's Coin, 1201 "D" Street, for 1 Slot.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved approval of the gaming application for additions of the Cotton Club,
Uvalde Caperton, 500 Jackson, 2 Slots.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved approval of the gaming application for addition of 18 Slots of
the Lucky Strike Club, Milton Prell, 117 Fremont.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

12-1-54