Commissioner Peccole withdrew this motion.

Commissioner Moore moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is the owner of certain property under lease
to the United States Government for military aviation purposes, and under provisions of
Chapter Two of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada the said City of Las Vegas
is authorized to sell or dispose of property to the United States Government or any of
its agents, and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to convey certain real
property to the United States Government, subject to the right of reversion on certain
portions thereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Mayor and Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada:

Section One; That the City of Las Vegas convey to the United States Govern-
ment in absolute fee simple that property described in Exhibit A attached
hereto, which exhibit is hereby made a part of the resolution to the same
extent as if it were set forth herein in full, subject to a right of re-
version of that portion of said property except as set forth in Exhibit B
attached hereto and by reference made a part of this resolution as if it
were set forth herein in full; it being the intent that the United States
Government shall have the absolute fee of that area commonly described as the
administrative area of the Nellis Air Force Base.

Section Two: That the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be and he
is hereby authorized and directed to execute a deed for and on behalf of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, under the Seal, attested by the City Clerk, and
deliver same to the United States Government in accordance with the foregoing.

Section Three: That the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to enter into a stipulation with
the United States Government for the condemnation of said lands in accordance
with this resolution upon the condition that the value of said land be deter-
mined to be in the sum of One Dollar ($1.00), and the said City Attorney is
instructed and directed to waive any right of answer and/or appeal in said
condemnation proceedings.

Passed and adopted by the Mayor and Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada this 7th day of July, 1950, at a regular meeting thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved that Senator Pat McCarran be notified of the foregoing
action and requested to have this matter made a part of the Congressional Records, in
accordance with his statements to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

LIQUOR APPLICATION Commissioner Moore moved the application of Wilson E. DeVries, Charleston Inn,

17 W. Charleston be denied pursuant to the investigation of the Police Department.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

AGREEMENT - Street	Commissioner Moore moved the agreement with the AR BEE Company to install Concrete bases

Light Pole Bases	for street light poles in Assessment District #100-7 (South Main Street Lighting), be

District #100-7	approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

STREET PLAN -	The	recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the acceptance of Streets in

Buol Addition	the	NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 33, T 20 S., R 61 E, (Buol Addition), was held in abey-

ance until there is a full Board present.

NOTICE OF SALE -	Commissioner Moore moved the City Clerk be instructed to publish notice of the Sale of

Bond Issues	Bonds on Assessment Districts Nos. 100-3, 100-7, 200-1 and 200-2, the date for the opening

of these bids to be August 10, 1950 at 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and

Whipple.