and being with the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines
except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be used and know as the Cemetery fund of
the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Beard that there be levied and paid for the year 1916 An Ad Valorm

tax of sixteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying and being

within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines except



such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be collected used and know as the Sewer Bond interest
fund of said City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Beard that there be levied and paid for the year 1916 An Ad Valorm tax
of Eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying and being within
the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines except
such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer Bond sinking
fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that the City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to make a copy
of this resolution and certify the same to the Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark
State of Nevada, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf,. aye,
Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition from the Committee of the Mesquite Club
requesting an allowance for the maintenance of a Public library in the sum of sixty dollars per month
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that the

City has not the necessary funds at the present time to carry on said work, and it further appearing
to the Board that it would cost the City the sum of $800.00 to $1000.00 a year to maintain said

library it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and
duly carried ordered that said request be denied upon the grounds that the funds of said City will
net permit at this time the expenditure of such amount of money, the vote upon said resolution
being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following rules and regulations governing the Cemetery
as approved by the Board of Cemetery Commissioners. " Resolved that the following rules and regulations
for the protection and Government of Woodlawn Cemetery of the City of Las Vegas be and the same are
hereby adopted;

Rule 1, All person are forbidden to gather flowers, break or injure any tree, plant or shrub,
within the limits of said Cemetery.

Rule 2, Dogs shall not be allowed within the limits of said Cemetery .

All person are hereby notified that these Cemetery grounds are devoted to the interment and repose
of the dead, and a strict observance of all that is proper in such places will be required.

Rule IV. No Vehicle shall be driven in the Cemetery faster than a walk. Teams must not be left
unfastened, while in the Cemetery and hitching teams or animals to trees is prohibited.

Rule V. Driver of Vehicles must remain on their carriages, or remain standing by their horses
heads during funeral services.

Rule VI. Lets shall be purchased from the President or from the Secretary of the Board of

Cemetery Commissioners. A complete Plat of the Cemetery showing all of the lots that are for sale

is on file in the office of each of the above named officers.



Rule VII. Paper Boxes and other unsightly articles must not be thrown on the ground within the limits
of said Cemetery. Barrels are provided at convenient places in the Cemetery for the deposit of
rubbish and other unsightly articles.

Rule VIII. In order to produce a pleasing and natural effect, and also to secure proper drainage
the grade of all paths avenues, lots and graves will be determined by the Board of Cemetery Commiss-
ioners any may be altered or changed as circumstances may require.