Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

IAS VEGAS, NEVADA

OCTOBER 30th, 1941

Recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held October 30th, 1941

at 7:30 P.M.

The meeting was called to order by Mayor Pro Tem, Pat Clark.

PRESENT: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and Mayor pro tem Clark. City Clerk Helen Scott,
LeRoy Whipple, Purchasing Agent and Paul Ralli, City Attorney.

Absent: Mayor Garrison.

Minutes of the meetings of October 16th and 24th were read and approved as read.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations heretofore presented relating to the office
of the city clerk and the board of Commissioners be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for bookkeeping machine and necessary equipment

to operate same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Board of Commissioners go on record confirming establishing



the date of November 12th in lieu of the 17th as the meeting of the Board, for the purpose of receiving any protests
against the obtaining of an emergency loan. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor, the Mayor pro tem,
Clark, voting aye. Noes, none.

Communication from the State Board of Finance regarding emergency loan was read at this time.



Commissioner Smith read a proposed amendment to Ordinance 194, and same was tabled until a later
date.

Commissioner Tinch moved that $169.70 be allowed for the removal of a transformer where

the new bank is being built to the plant of the power company. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Commissioner Smith passed his vote.

Minutes of the City Planning Board, held October 28th, were read and filed.

Communication from Charles Hayes Diggs, Land Planning Consultant, FHA, Washington, Be C.,
regarding a comprehensive land use ordinance was read. Commissioner Smith made a motion that
the Mayor be instructed to contact the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners for the
purpose of discussing the recommendations of Mr. Diggs. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that that certain motion that was made and carried by a portion
of the city commissioners together with a portion of the Planning Board at the meeting held
the 28th of October, relative to the curb being set back 5' between 1st and 2nd Streets on
the south side of Carson and, further, that all expense be borne by Mr. McMichaels, be
confirmed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

F. S. Currie, Manager of the Currie Engineering Company of San Bernardino, California

appeared before the Board in Regard to the construction of a sewerage system in the City.

A communication addressed to Commissioner Clark from F. S. Currie was read at this time.