OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVAdA.

JUNE 2, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada. Members present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor, Commissioners Howard Conklin and C. E. Pembroke
with the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Ordinances heretofore read at the previous meeting of said Board of City Commissioners were
layed over until the next regular meeting of this board for their action thereon.

There being no farther business before the Board the Board ordered an adjournment until the
next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLARK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JULY 7, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

State of Nevada. Members present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor Commissioners Howard Conklin and C.

E. Pembroke.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this

Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Ordinance heretofore read at the previous meeting of this Board were ordered layed
over until the next regular meeting of this board.

There being no further business before the Board it was ordered that this Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 4th day of August, 1920.
Present Mayor Pro Tem Howard Conklin with Commissioners C. E. Pembroke and Lou Martin.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the county allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.
Ordinances heretofore read before the Board was ordered layed over until the next regular
meeting of the Board.

There being no farther business before the Board it was ordered that this Board adjourn.