AGREEMENT
Rancho Road
Sewer Line

HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this
day issued by Mayor Pro Tem Whipple, a special meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's
Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 26th day of April, 1954, at
the hour of 8:00 A.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Agreement for installation of sewer on Rancho Road
and Tonopah Highway

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners, City Manager and City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of
the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

s/ Reed Whipple

s/ Wendell Bunker

s/ Rex A. Jarrett

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 26, 1954

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 26th day of April, 1954 was called to order at the hour of
9:00 A.M. by his Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members
present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

Commissioner Jarrett introduced and moved the adoption of the following re-
solution:

WHEREAS, Martin Wunderlich as Administrator of the Estate of Ralph 0.
Dixson is entering into an agreement with Heers Associates for the completion
of Rancho Road lateral: and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Estate of Ralph O. Dixson and Heers
Associates that upon completion in accordance with the plans and specifica-
tions that the Heers development be allowed to use that portion of the sewer
line;

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the City enter into an agreement
with Martin Wunderlich and Heers Associates giving the consent of the City
for the use of that portion of the sewer line upon completion by Martin
Wunderlich and Heers Associates, provided that no rights of the City be
 jeopardized insofar as the present contract with Ralph O. Dixson is con-
cerned, and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign such agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the Board, the Meeting ad-
journed.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

May 3, 1954

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall
on the 3rd day of May, 19%, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the follow-
ing matters:

1.	Opening of Construction bids on Assessment District Nos. 100-23, 100-26
and 100-27

2.	Public Hearings on Assessment District Nos. 100-23, 100-25, 100-26, and
100-27 - Assessment Rolls

3.	Motorola Communications & Electronics, amendment to maintenance agreement
4. Investment of Cemetery Care Fund in Investors Mutual Funds.

5-3-54