GAMING LIQUOR
APPLICATIONS

MINUTES

 

TWA PETITION -
Rehearing Denied

 

CITY IRON WORKS BIDS
Rejected

 

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS  

 

KHOURY'S CLUB SAVOY
Grand Jury
Investigation

Commissioner Peccole moved that the City Attorney be advised to pub some teeth into
the applications for liquor and gaming licenses so that the Board might know when part-
nerships terminate, new partners are taken in. Also the Board specifically requests
notice from the club owners as to changes in ownership or additions partners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting
adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 22, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of December, 1949 was
called to order at the hour of 3:40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the follow-
ing members present:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole; City Manager George O. Treem,

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that the Minutes of December 7, l4, 16, 16 (Special) and 20, 1949
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

His Honor read the notification from the Civil Aeronautics Board that the petition for re-
hearing of the TWA petition had been denied.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that the denial of this petition by the CAB be pro-
tested and the Board of Commissioners go on record as favoring the giving authority and
permission to pick up and let off passengers locally to TWA.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, Commissioner Moore passed his vote.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that in accordance with the recommendation of the City Manager,
bids heretofore received on November 22, 1949 from the Acme Machinery Co, and the Nevada
Iron & Metals, Ltd. for equipment and material purchased from the City Iron Works, be
rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1884 and 1885 with the ex-
ception of Warrant No. 1885-03 for $6,000, leaving a total of $13,035.89 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that the Grand Jury be requested to conduct and investigation of
the Khoury's Club Savoy because they can subpoena witnesses and put them under oath.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple,

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Moore
moved this meeting recess until December 29, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent* Commissioner
Whipple.