416

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

(5) Rezoning of Wollman Property (located next to Paradise Village) from R-E to
R-l as recommended by the Planning Commission under date of April 18, 1949,
was read by His Honor after which reading His Honor asked if there was any
one pre one present who wished to protest the rezoning of this property.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to
the rezoning of the above-mentioned property be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of C. C. McGovern for three slot machines

Ringside Liquor Store	at the Ringside Liquor Store, 123 North 2nd Street for the 2nd Quarter of 1949 be approved.

Slot Machines

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES - Approved	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of May 20 (2 meetings), May 27 (2 meetings),

June 4 (2 meetings), June 6, June 7, June 14 and June 15, 1949, be approved by reference
	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION

Las Vegas Liquor Store	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of C. H. Elstner, Las Vegas Liquor Store

	812 Fremont for a Sealed Package Miniature Liquor License be held in abeyance until the

	report from the Police Department has been completed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION #l45 - Limitation On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Bunker, the following Resolution
of Slot Machines	was duly adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the area for which a license may be issued for gambling is confined to
the district bounded by the east side of Main Street, the south side of Stewart Avenue,
the west side of Second Street, And the north side of Carson Avenue, and also on both
sides of "est Jackson Avenue between North D Street and North F Street, and outside
this district in any hotel having at least one hundred guest rooms, and

WHEREAS, a license may be issued for the operation of slot machines outside of the
above herein mentioned district to the owner of any other regularly established and
duly licensed business; and

WHEREAS, the increased development in the operation and conduct of slot machines
has augmented the burden of city government; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that the number of slot machine licenses
in any establishment be limited to eight (8), except in a gambling establishment having
a gambling license or any slot machine Arcades being operated as such this date, or
any business houses conducting a business within the above described gambling zone; and

WHEREAS, a gambling establishment shall be considered any establishment that is
licensed for gambling other than those licensed to operate slot machines.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 22nd day of June, 1949, that the number
of slot machine licenses be limited to eight (8) licenses for any regular established
and duly licensed business, except for any slot machine Arcades being operated as such
this date or any gambling established having a gambling license, and except for any
business operating within the above described gambling zone; a gambling establishment
shall be considered any establishment that is licensed for gambling games other than
those licensed to operate slot machines.

The foregoing motion was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	Commissioner Moore moved	that James H. Down, Jr. be appointed to	serve as Commissioner

Appointment of	on the Housing Authority	of the City of Las Vegas for a two year	term.

Commissioner

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CITY TREASURER	Commissioner Whipple moved that upon the recommendation of the City Manager, Margaret

Appointment	Walker be appointed City	Treasurer upon the filing of the proper	bond in the amount

	of $50,000 to be approved by the City Attorney, Further that C.	H. Sloan, heretofore

appointed City Treasurer on June 7, 1949, be released of all responsibility when
Mrs. Walker's bond has been given proper approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ADOPTION OF CODE	Commissioner Peccole moved that the City Clerk be instructed to publish the following

Notice to be Published	notice relative to the adoption of the Code of the City of Las Vegas:

