Las Vegas, Nevada
April 11, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 11th day of April, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7*30
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst.City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E.Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT         The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
NO. 100-36	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to offer for sale, and to receive

Bid Opening	sealed bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment negotiable

	coupon bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-36 Street

Improvement Bonds, Series of March 1, 1956, in the aggregate principal amount of
$577,145.23.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

Bidder	Annual Rate	Premium

Of Interest	If Any

State of Nevada	3-3/4%	None

State Board of Investments

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
which was thereupon read in full, and at length and is as follows:

WHEREAS, due and legal notice has been given and published that the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas proposes to sell and invites proposals for
the purchase of $577,145.23 of its Assessment District No. 100-36 Street Improve-
ment Bonds, Series of March 1, 1956; and

WHEREAS, said bids have been opened on the 11th day of April, 1956, in accordance
with said notice; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the bid of the State of Nevada, State Board of Invest-
ments is the highest and best bid for said bonds;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA:

That the bid and offer of said State of Nevada, State Board of Investments, whereby
said bidder agreed to purchase said bonds, bearing interest at a rate of Three and
Three Quarters per centum (3-3/4%) per annum, for the principal amount thereof, ac-
crued interest to the date of delivery, is the highest and best submitted for said
issue of bonds and the same should be, and hereby is accepted, and said bonds
are awarded to the said State of Nevada, State Board of Investments.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage
and adoption of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said resolution at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion, the
Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said resolution be now placed upon its final
passage and adopted. The motion was seconded by Commissioner Bunker.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said resolution, the roll was
called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed and adopted.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Com-

NO. 200-17	missioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to offer for sale, and to receive sealed

Bid Opening	bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment negotiable coupon

	bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 200-17 Sanitary Sewer

Improvement Bonds, Series of April 1, 1956, in the aggregate principal, amount of
$20,207.91.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

Bidder	Annual Rate	Premium

of Interest	If Any

State of Nevada	3-3/4%	None

State Board of Investments