105

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 1207 and 1214 to

	1219 inclusive in the net sum of $23,192.98 be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
WARRANTS	1221 to 1224 inclusive in the sum of $19,576.05 be approved and

	the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

BID No. 473l	At this time bids were opened from the John Nuveen & Company and

Bonding Attorneys	R. S. Dixon & Company, and from Hanaford & Talbort of San Francisco,

	to furnish legal opinion as per the following invitation to bid;

Furnish legal opinion by a firm of recognized municipal bond attorneys, guide the
city through the various legal phases including the preparation of ordinances etc.,
furnish statistical reports to all interested parties and such other services as
are common in this type of proceedings for the proposed bond issues listed below.
The successful bidder will be required to act as an advisory aide to the city as
an expert on the matter of bond issues relative to their preparation, authoriza-
tion, sale and type of bonds to be submitted, and must furnish the printed bonds
in connection with the offering. Bidder agrees that if bonds are not delivered
no obligation will be incurred on behalf of the city in respect to this agreement.
Separate bids are desired on each of the following issues which were approved by
the voters May 6, 1947 and are more fully described on the attached schedule.

1.	$250,000 Storm Sewer & Storm Drains Bond Issue.

2.	$350,000 Sewage Disposal Plant Bond Issue.

3.	$350,000 War Public Works Project No. Nev-26-116 F Bond Issue.

Instructions to voters in respect to the bond issues mentioned on the Invitation
to bid No. 47.31 read as follows:

1. "The City of Las Vegas requires the sum of $250,000.00 to finance the con-
struction of storm sewers and storm drains as part of and in connection with the
sewerage system of said city, and proposes to secure said sum by the issuance
and sale of bonds to be payable within twenty (20) years from the date of issu-
ance thereof, bear and interest rate of not to exceed three percent (3%) per
annum, and be callable on any interest payment date upon the discretion of the
Board of City Commissioners of said city after five (5) years from the date of
issuance thereof."

3.	"The City of Las Vegas requires the sum of $350,000.00 to finance the pur-
chase of a system of sewers, accessories and facilities, together with certain
lands and interest in lands in connection therewith, in or near the City of Las
Vegas, belonging to the Government of the United State of America and now under
lease to said city, and to finance the extension and improvement of said project,
and proposes to secure said sum by the issuance and sale of bonds to be payable
within twenty (20) years from the date of issuance thereof, bear an interest
rate of not to exceed three percent (3%) per annum, and be callable on any
interest payment date upon the discretion of the Board of City Commissioners
of said city after five (5) years from the date of issuance thereof."

The bids received and opened were as follows:

John Nuveen & Co. & R. S. Dixon & Co. 210 W. 7th Street

Los Angeles, Calif.	$7,220.00

Hanaford & Talbort Co.	San Francisco, Calif.	5,000.00

The bids, on motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commis-
sioner Baskin and carried by unanimous vote were referred to the
Comptroller for recommendation.

BID No. 47.28	The following invitation to bid was heretofore issued for opening

at this time:

1.	Furnish and install approximately 2064 square feet of asphalt tile on
floors on Central Fire Station and Huntridge Substation in accordance with
attached specifications.

2.	Furnish and install approximately 630 lineal feet of baseboard of asphalt
tile 3/l6" thickness x 6" width, in all rooms so floored per item 1 above in
accordance with attached specifications.

SPECIFICATIONS
ASPHALT TILE

SCOPE:

All materials, equipment and labor necessary for the laying of
asphalt tile floor covering in the building shall be furnished.

MATERIAL:

General Requirements. Asphalt tile shall be in accordance with
Federal Specification No. SS- 0306 and when subjected to the pressure
specified therein shall have a recorded indentation of not more than
9,008 at one minute and not more than 0.0124 inch at 10 minutes. Asphalt
tile shall be installed where specified by the Fire Chief.