WHEREAS, the individual representing said United States Engineer Office, who has made several
trips to Las Vegas working with different representatives of the City of Las Vegas, and others,
in the furtherance of the development of said airport, is Mr. Earl N. Tandberg, and

WHEREAS all relations, discussions, negotiations and transactions between the different
representatives of the said City of Las Vegas and the said Earl N. Tandberg have been most
cordial and satisfactory and beneficial to the United States of America and to the said City of
Las "egas, and

WHEREAS, BECAUSE OF HIS knowledge of engineering, his wide experience, his perception of
human nature, his ability to clearly and succinctly present a difficult problem and finally point
the way to a solution of the same, it has been a pleasure to work with him, and

WHEREAS, the Mayor and Members of the Board of Commissioners of the said City of Las Vegas
desire to express their appreciation of the work done by the said Earl N. Tandberg and the grat-
itude to the entire City of Las Vegas to him for the future benefits to flow to the said City of
Las Vegas from the efforts so expanded,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, in regular meeting assembled, that Earl N. Tandberg of the United states Engineer
Office, 751 South Figueroa Street, Los Angeles, California, be and he is hereby made, constituted
and appointed

HONORARY MAYOR of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this Resolution be forwarded to the said
Earl N. Tandberg in care of United States Engineer Office, 751 South Figueroa Street, Los Angeles
California.

Commissioner Ronnow proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing resolution and the same
was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and upon being put to vote was passed and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Herbert Krause.

Voting no: none. Absent and not voting Commissioner Gilbert.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write all property owners over whose ground the Union Pacific
Railroad Co. wished lease of ground for righaway purposes and to enclose form of lease as same
had been prepared and ready for the proper signatures.

Vote commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the deed to certain ground held by Commissioner Corradetti be turned to the City of Las Vegas
upon the payment to Commissioner Corradetti of $800.00 actual cost of the land to him and $1.00
cost of notary fee. Total $801.00. This ground to be used for airport purposes.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board at this time proceeded to make a canvass of the vote cast at the General City
Election held on the 6th day of May, 1941 for the election of A Commissioner of the Second Class
a Commissioner of the Fourth Class, City City Clerk, A City Attorney and a Municipal Judge, and
the result of the said canvas being as follows: