You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this
day issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City
Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 26th day of September, 1955; at the hour of
5:00 P.M. to consider the following matter:

1.	Fiscal agent for bond sales.

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of
special meeting.

Mayor Baker	City Manager Kennedy

Commissioner Bunker	City Attorney Cannon

Commissioner Sharp	City Engineer Wade

Commissioner Whipple

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 26th day of September, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 5:00 P.M.
by Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Absent:	Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Ass't. City Manager Robert W. Notti

Commissioner Sharp moved that Boettcher and Company of Denver, Colorado be employed
to act as fiscal agent for the City for the sale of General Obligation and special
assessment district bonds at a cost of l/3 of 1%, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Whipple
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk		Mayor

************

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 28, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 28th day of September, 1955 was called to order at the hour of
8:15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Director of Public Works George E. Wade
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Messrs. Justin Herman, Pete Walters and Harry Scheeline of the Federal Housing Authority
were present. Mr. Herman discussed at length with the Commission and interested members
of the audience the feasibility of a rehabilitation program for the Westside.

FISCAL AGENT
		Bond Sale



REHABILITATION PROGRAM
Westside