J.R. Lewis, attorney for Mr. Pansey appeared before the Board and ask that this case be
tried in a court of justice, either municipal or justice and for said court to rule as to the
violation of city or state ordinance or law. Mr. Lewis recommended that this case be tried in
the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas, Monday April 22nd, 1940 at the hour of 3:30 P.M
That the City defer any action on said case until the findings of the court had been presente
to the Board. That Mr. Pansey's Boulder Liquor Store would remain closed until after the trial.

City Attorney Austin recommended this as a proper procedure.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carrie
that the case of Peter Pansey, in regard to the sale of liquors to miners be held in the 

municipal court Monday the 22nd day of April, 1940 at 3:30 P.M. and that with a gentlemen's 

agreement that license would stay status quo until such time as the Board would meeting following
the close of the trial and the findings of the court.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and 

carried that one slot machine license be granted to Ralph Purdy, for Texaco Service Station at
3rd & Fremont Streets.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and 

carried that the Purchasing Clerk LeRoy Whipple present to the qualified bidders for printing,
the forms prepared , covering the anticipated needs for printed supplies for the year 1940, fo
all departments of the City. Bids to be opened on May 4th, 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noe

none.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded
by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, Tuesday the 23rd day of April, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.
to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider rescinding a motion of the Board enacted at a recessed regular meeting of said
Board held on the 17th day of April at the hour of two o'clock P.M. closing the "Boulder
Liquor Store" owned by Peter Pansey, Reason of this action sale of liquors to minors.

Dated this 23rd day of April, 1940

John L. Russell,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- JOHN L RUSSELL, MAYOR AND TO

JOE S. RONNOW, C.V.T. GILBERT, HERK KRAUSE
AND AL CORRADETTI, COMMISSIONERS:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office on
Tuesday the 23rd day of April, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. to consider and act
upon the following:

1. To consider rescinding a motion of the Board enacted at a recessed regular meeting of said
Board held on the 17th day of April, 1940 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. closing the Boulder
Liquor Store" owned by Peter Pansey, Reason of this action sale of liquors to miners.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	Joe S Ronnow	Herb Krause

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

C.V.T.Gilbert	A Corradetti

Commissioner	Commissioner