Ordinance No. 221 entitled "An ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters on cer-
tain streets and protions of streets in the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location
of the s id improvements; providing that the cost of certain portions of the expenses thereof
shall be paid by special assessment upon all the lots and parcels of land included in the special
assessment district hereby established according to benefits; providing for the issuance of
special assessment bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters
and things relating thereto," was read to the Board for a second time and passed by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioner Down, Krause, Marble, and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Ordinance No. 222 entitled, "An ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the Ex-
officio City Assessor of the City Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a
special assessment to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and the construction of all oil bound pavement and concrete curbs and gutters
on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, according to the plats,
diagrams end estimate s of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said
assessments and designating the lots, parcels of land and premises to be assessed, according to
benefits, providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for the payment thereof, and
other matters relating thereto," was read to the Board for a second time and passed and adopted
by the following vote, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

F.C.DeVinney, ex-officio assessor of the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board with
the prepared assessment Roll as authorized by Ordinance No. 222 and upon motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause the Clerk was directed to have said "Notice of Special
assessment" published in the Las Vegas Review Journal for two consecutive weeks.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble, and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following letter be sent to Mrs. Fanny Ryan:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

January 2, 1937.

Mrs. Fannie Ryan,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mrs. Ryan;

This is in answer to your communication of December 2, 1936, addressed to the
Board of City Commissioners, with respect to certain lots and property on and about Block
16, wherein it is alleged that prostitution is being suffered to exist.

The Board takes this opportunity to thank you for calling this matter to its attention.

You are advised that the Chief of Police has been directed by the Board to zealously
suppress any and all existing institutions of prostitution and to use all means at his com-
mand to prevent recurrences of similar conditions.

Very respectfully

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS

VIOLA BURNS_______

City Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause the following order
was adopted:

IT IS ORDERED that so much of that certain Resolution and Order made and adopted by
the Board on the 15th day of June, 1933, as reads as follows:

"Four taxi stand is the limit allowed on Fremont Street with length of twenty
(20) feet for each car stand. Taxi drivers to get permission form property
owners for stand and to paint and maintain own stands.",
be, and the same hereby is, set aside and revoked.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes; none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause a taxi license was granted
to Dewey Musick. Application being in proper form and the sum of $5.00 accompanying said appli-
cation.

Vote was Commissioner Down and Krause, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioners Marble and Perry being excused before the vote was called.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause the following retail bever-
age licenses for the year 1937 were granted:

Safeway Stores,U.P. R.R., Frank Kernan, C.v.T.Gilbert, Bessie Williams, Vera Magness,

Wanda Cooper, J.R. McMichael, A.J. Kahre, Boulder Club, E.A.Frnacis, Allen Jeppson, City Drug,
Professional Drug, J.M. Sills, Recreation Center, and Tip Rowe.

Vote was Commissioners Down, end Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause the following slot
machine licenses for the first quarter year were granted:

A.J. Kahre 1,	Jack Weisberger	3	Ray Murphy 3	City Drug	3

J.M. Sills 2.	Dave Stearns	4	J.R. Mc Michael	2 V. Lancaster	1

A.E. King Ellison 2 E.A.Frnacis 2	Carl Ray	2

Boulder Club 9 slot machine, 2 card games, 7 devices,

Bank Club 3 devices.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.