ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the
foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

/s E. W. CRAGIN	/s WENDELL BUNKER,,

/s ROBERT T. MOORE	/s WILLIAM PECCOLE

/s REED WHIPPLE	/s C. W. SHELLEY

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 12, 1950

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 12th day of
June, 1950, was called to order at the hour of 3:45 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager O. W. Shelley, Assistant
      City Attorney Calvin Magleby, Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston.

Absent: City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

PUBLIC HEARING -	Commissioner Bunker moved that Ordinance No. 414 be amended to read

Assessment District                              "front footage" rather than the "benefits" and that the assessment pro-
#100-1	ject be abandoned.

Ordinance No. 414

 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following

vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time set for public hearing on Assessment District

Assessment District	#100-2, His Honor read the notice of hearing.

#100-2

	Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any present who wished to object

	to this improvement.

There being no one who objected to this Assessment District, Commissioner
Peccole moved that Assessment District #100-2, Street Improvements from
the alley between 9th Street and 10th Street to the East property line
of 14th Street from Stewart Avenue to Charleston Boulevard, not including
Fremont Street, and Stewart Avenue from 14th Street to 25th Street, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time set for public hearing on Assessment District #100-4,

Assessment District	His Honor read the notice of hearing.

#100-4

	Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any present who wished object

to this improvement.

There being no one who objected to this Assessment District #100-4,

Street Improvement in Vega Verde Addition, Commissioner Peccole moved
the same be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time set for public hearing on Assessment District #100-6,

Assessment District	His Honor read the notice of hearing.

#100-6

Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any present who wished to object
	to this improvement. 

There being no one who objected to this Assessment District, Commissioner
Whipple moved that Assessment District #100-6, Street Improvements from
Garces Street to Charleston Boulevard and from Main Street to 5th Street,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

RACE BOOK -	At this time, Mr. Arthur Rosen and Mr. Resnick, Gaming Club operators,

License Fee	appeared before the Board of Commissioners on behalf of the Gaming Club

	operators to protest the paying of the quarterly license fee of the

Nevada Publishing Company, J. A. Dunn.