testing the granting of said variance; and

WHEREAS, on March 13, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny such
application on the ground that this use would depreciate property values in the adjoining
area; and

WHEREAS, an appeal of the decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed
with the Board of Commissioners by F.E. Searway within the time allowed by Chapter 24 of
the Las Vegas City Code; and

WHEREAS, a public hearing was conducted by the Board of Commissioners on the
16th day of April, 1952 and continued until May 7, 1952 on the appeal of this decision,
at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting the granting of
said variance were received.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners that this variance
to permit the the construction of a store in an R-2 (Two family Residence) Use District at
the southwest comer of H and McWilliams Streets be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be instructed to secure deeds for a 20 foot
right of way on McWilliams Street from F.E. Searway and Mr. J.A. Haggard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the foil owing vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager and City Engineer be authorized to proceed with
the improvement and call for bids for the half streets surrounding Marble Manor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 52.7 for two 1½ Ton Trucks, bids were
received from the following firms:

Community Chevrolet	Charles R. Ketchem

Hogan & Westlake	Clark County Wholesale

A.C. Grant

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for tabula-
tion and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 52,8, one ½ Ton Pickup, bids were re-
ceived from the following firms;

Clark County Wholesale	A.C. Grant

Hogan & Westlake	Charles R. Ketcham

Community Chevrolet

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for tabula-
tion and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 52.9, one Station Wagon, bids were received
from the following firms:

A.C. Grant	Community Chevrolet

Hogan & Westlake	Ted Werner

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for tabula-
tion and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Dr. K.J. Krause be put back on the Assessment Roll for
Assessment District No. 200-2, and the Assessor notified of this fact.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the proposals of Cleveland Schultz and the Paradise Valley Trail-
ercoaeh Resort Inc. to purchase a portion of the City Property on the Los Angeles Highway
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the assessment for lighting standards on Highway 91 in the
amount of $1,270.89 be approved and a check forwarded to the County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the tentative map of Country Estates be approved with «n condi-
tions set forth by the Regional Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole
passed his vote.'

MCWILLIAMS STREET
RIGHT OF WAX



STREET IMPROVEMENT
Marble Manor

BID NO. 52.7 -
Opening

BID NO. 52.8 -
Opening

BID NO. 52.9 

Opening

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-2

PROPOSALS FOR PURCHASE
OF CITY PROPERTY



HIGHWAY 91 STREET
 LIGHTING ASSESSMENT

COUNTRY ESTATES -
Tentative Map