OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JUNE 15, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held on the 15th day of June, A.D., 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Present His Honor
the Mayor H.T. Jones, with members Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens, Lou Martin and Charles Ireland
together with the City Attorney, Frank A. Stevens, and City Clerk Florence S. Doherty.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read upon motion duly
made and carried.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board excepting
the bills of the Golden Rale Cafe and of J.N. Goodwin which were ordered returned for itemization.

The application of Albert Carpenter for a permit to haul garbage was laid on the

table.

At this time the City Attorney read for the second time Ordinance #81 entitled
"An Ordinance to Amend Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled :

' An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every
kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and
providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting
any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14,and 35,"approved
December 3rd, 1913,and amended December 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and
farther amended March 5, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend Section
6 of Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all Ordinances or parts of
Ordinances in Conflict therewith," whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner 

Hodgens ,and duly carried it was the order of the Board that Subdivision #44 of Section seven (7)
be eliminated and that the subsequent subdivisions be renumbered to conform to the Amendment.
Voting, Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon the above entitled Ordinance #81 was read for the final time, whereupon,
on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried it was the
orders of the Board that the above entitled Ordinance #81 be, and the same is hereby, passed. Voting,
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, None.

At this time the City Attorney read for the second time Ordinance No. 82 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first
obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a
penalty therefor, and repealing all Ordinances in conflict therewith' ",whereupon, on motion of
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried, it was the order of the
Board that the above entitled Ordinance No. 82 be, and the same is hereby passed. Voting Commissioners
Brickie ,Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes. None.

At this time the City Attorney read for the first time Ordinance No. 83, of
the City of Las Vegas, amending the Ordinances regulating plumbing, etc. in the City of Las Vegas,
whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that said Ordinance be laid over for the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

The question of the printing of Ordinances Nos. 81 and 82 coming up for discussion at
this time it was moved by Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that these Or-
dinances be printed in the Clark County Review. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland
and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, None.

Mr. W.E. Miller appeared before the Board and asked for a permit to furnish water
for domestic purposes to that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of the Railroad tracks. After
due discussion the matter was referred to the City Attorney for investigation, and Commissioners