The applications of E. Hicks and J.D. Smith for permission to tie into the sewer mains
in their respective alleys was presented to the Board at this time and laid over for further
consideration.

Mr. King, Supt. of Streets for the City of Las Vegas presented to the Board an estimate
of cost for repairing Fremont St. from Main to Third Street on both sides of the street. The
City to purchase the materials and the labor to be paid from the Reconstruction Finance Corp-
oration.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that Mr.
King be instructed to start the above mentioned work at an early date, and the labor to be
paid by the Reconstruction Finance Corporation.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas, and Mayor Pro Tem
German voting aye. nones none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved to trans-
fer $500.00 from the Library saving account to the Library checking fund to cover purchases
made for new books.

Vote on the above motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of having the Clerk's office cleaned was next brought before the Board. Mr.
King reported that Dave Davidson would patch all plaster and fill all cracks and clean walls
for $14.00.	

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved and
carried that the City Clerk's office be cleaned by Dave Davidson at a cost of $14.00.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye.
Noes none.

At this time a number of citizens protesting the erection of a slaughter house on the
Westside in the Industrial District appeared before the Board. Also The owners of the proposed
slaughter house and their Attorney Guy E. Baker. Dr. Mildren, City Health Officer attended this
meeting and he with the Board of Commissioners forms the Health Board. After some discussion on
the matter on both sides the Board of Commissioners with Dr. Mildren visited the site of the
proposed slaughter house and investigated the methods of operating the same. After their return
to the office it was upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy moved
that the Southern Nevada Marketing Association proceed with the construction of the building
being erected for a slaughter house and that permission was hereby granted for the operation
of the same when completed.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and Mayor Pro Tem
German voting aye. Noes none.

Attention was called at this time to the number of places of business in the City of
Las Vegas using radios and victrolas or other loud methods of advertising a place of bus-
iness.

The City Attorney was instructed to investigate the possibility of passing an ordin-
ance eliminating such means of advertising.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 19th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
October 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 19th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and Mayor Cragin.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. this date.