509

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of June, 1945 by the board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, state of Nevada, that the deed dated the
first day of June, 1945, executed by Cuba Clos and Peter Clos to the City of Las Vegas,
County of clark, State of Nevada, and the real property described therein be and is
hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deed and the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

This resolution was made by motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried unanimously, at the meeting held June 7, 1945.

- - oOo - -
RESOLUTION

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing
of funds to meet the obligation placed upon the City of Las Vegas, by the changes
in the Las Vegas City Charter approved by the State Legislature, March 7, 1945, and,

WHEREAS, certain obligations have been incurred in connection with side -
walk demands, fire department, planring commission, and preliminary work on assessments
districts. Funds for which were not provided in the regular budget and for which
reimbursement cannot be obtained with the Budget Year, and,

WHEREAS, unforeseen expenses in connection with the 1945 election, the
policing of the City, and the feeding of prisoners, and repairing of city owned equip-
ment, costs of which could not be properly determined at the time the current budget
was prepared, and,

WHEREAS, the only means possible to meet these obligations and expend-
itures is through the securing of an emergency loan, funds for which are available
in the unappropriated surplus account of the general fund of the City of Las Vegas,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY the Board of City Commissioners that the City
do borrow a sum of Forty-two Thousand ($42,000.00) Dollars from the unappropriated
surplus monies in the General Fund now available or as they become available during
the balance of the 1945 Budget Year,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the
necessary certified copy of this resolution to the State Board of Finance.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be approved and
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Absent Commissioner
Clark.

This resolution was adopted at the meeting held September 7, 1945.

- - oOo - -

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City Clark of the City of Las Vegas be directed
to cause to have filed in the City Clark's Office in the City of Las Vegas, three
copies of said Fire Prevention Ordinance to-wit:	Fire Prevention Ordinance, Edition

of 1943; published by the National Board of Fire Underwriters,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk cause to be published in the
Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, a notice of said filing of said Fire Prevention ordin-
ance for a period of one week. That is to say, each day for a period of one week,
which notice shall be in the form to-wit:

"Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, intend by ordinance duly passed to
adopted said Fire Prevention Ordinance at its next regular
meeting on the 22nd day of September, 1945."

"Notice is hereby further given that it is the intention of
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to
enact an ordinance adopting such Fire Prevention Ordinance by
reference."

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be
adopted and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor,