457



Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Attorney in order
that he might check them to see that they are in order.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 49.9	This being the time set for the opening of the bids on the construction of the Sewage Treatment

SEWER PLANT	Plant, Unit No. 1, bids were received from the following firms:

CONSTRUCTION

General Construction Eng. Co.
Nomellini Construction Co.
Lembke Construction Co.

Ted Bares

Huntley & Thibodo

R.J. Daum Construction Co.

Hermann Construction Co.

C.J.B. Construction Co.

Hoagland-Findlay

Mark Cockrill

Offco Construction

Bebek & Brkich

Wonderly Construction Co.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that these bids be referred to Mr. Ralph O'Neill, Con-
sulting Engineer and City Manager George 0. Treem for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

$35O,OOO SEWER BONDS	After careful consideration by the Board of City Commissioner of the bids, Commissioner Whipple

Series July 1, 1949	introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

AWARDED

RESOLUTION NO. 153	RESOLUTION

	WHEREAS, in response to official advertisement for bids on $350,000 Las Vegas,

Nevada, Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of July 1, 1949, it has been determined that the
bid of Wheelock & Cummins, Inc. of Chicago, Illinois - Lucas, Eisen & Waeckerle, Inc.
of Kansas City, Missouri - Garrett-Bromfield & Company of Denver, Colorado is the
highest, best and most advantageous bid received for the purchase of said bonds, and
that it is to the advantage of Las Vegas, Nevada, and the taxpayers thereof that said
bid be accepted.

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved that the bid of Wheelock & Cummins, Inc. -
Lucas, Eisen & Waeckerle, Inc. - Garrett-Bromfield & Company be, and the same is
hereby accepted, which bid is as follows, to-wit:

September 7, 1949

President and Members of the City Council

Las Vegas

Nevada

Gentlemen:

In accordance with your Notice of Sale dated August 5, 1949, we wish to
submit the following bid for your $350,000 City of Las Vegas, Nevada Sewage Disposal
General Obligation Bonds, Series of July 1, 1949, as follows:

For all or none of your City of Las Vegas, Nevada Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series
of July 1, 1949, dated July 1, 1949, in the aggregate principal amount of $35O,OOO, in the
denomination of $1,000 each, maturing serially $8,000 July 1, 1950 and $18,000 in each of
the years July 1, 1951 to 1969, both inclusive, all bonds maturing on and after the first
day of July, 1955 being subject to redemption in inverse numerical order on the first day
of July, 1954, or on any interest payment date thereafter, payable semi-annually on the
first days of January and July of each year, both principal and interest being payable
at the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada, we will pay you the sum of
$35O,OOO.OO plus accrued interest to date of delivery, plus a premium of $976.50 for
bonds bearing the following rates of interest for the following maturities, respectively.

We enclose our certified check for $17,675.00 as evidence of good faith in our bid,
which check is to be retained by you if we are the successful bidders and applied as part pay-
ment for the bonds on delivery. In the event we are not the successful bidders for the bonds,
we request that you immediately return the check to our representative at the sale.

This bid is for Immediate acceptance and, according to the terms of your Notice, the
bonds are to be delivered within thirty days following the acceptance of this bid. This bid
is also subject to the approving opinion of Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick & Dawson, Attorneys