577

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Lester L. Burt
V-101-53
Approved

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Clifford & Jeam Silvest
V-l-54

Approved



REZONING APPLICATION

Rennold Pender

Z-66-53

Denied



REZONING APPLICATION
A. B. Mitchell
Z-76-53
Denied

REZONING APPLICATION
0. A. Kenna
Z-77-53
Approved

REZONING APPLICATION
Public Hearing Set
Benjamin Gartman

Z-78-53



REZONING APPLICATION
Public Hearing Set
Jodie Cannon & James
Calbert

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending
denial of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of A. P and
Myrtle Rimmer, V-100-53, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Lester L. Burt for variance to remodel a rental unit with a 5 foot
rear set back and 5 foot side yard setback at 301 North 6th, as recommended by the
Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted subject to the building being brought up to the Building Code, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting on the 20th day of January, 1954, having considered the application of Lester L.
Burt for a variance to remodel a rental unit with a 5 foot rear setback and 5 foot side
yard setback at 301 North 6th; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending
approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Lester L.
Burt, Vpl01-53, as approved by the Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted
subject to the building being brought up to the Building Code, and the inspection
departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Clifford & Jean Silvest for variance to construct two apartments and
two offices to within 70 feet from centerline of North 5th with no rear yard set back
and no side yard set back at 27 East Park Street, as recommended by the Planning
Commission, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 20th day of January, 1954, having considered the application
of Clifford and Jean Silvest for a variance to construct two apartments and two offices
to within 70 feet from centerline of North 5th with no rear yard set back and no side
yard set back at 27 East Park Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission
recommending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Clifford and
Jean Silvest, V-l-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is
hereby Granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary
permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp.

The application of Rennold Pender to rezone a portion of the Sw1/4 NE1/4 Section 29, T20S,

R61E, MDB&M which is north of the extension of Washington Avenue and East of Tonopah
Highway and Hee5s Subdivision, as recommended by the Planning Commission was considered
at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this rezoning
application be denied, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of A. B. Mitchell to rezone Lots 5 and 6, Block 12, HIM & N Subdivision
generally located on the NE corner of Monroe and E Streets from R-4 to C-2, as
recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this
application for rezoning be denied, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the public hearing on the application of O.A. Kenna to
rezone the west side of the 200 block of North 15th from R-3 to R-4 be set for February
17, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the application of Benjamin Gartman to
rezone Lots 31 and 32, Block 23 South Addition and a portion of Block A, Wardie Addition
which is situated on the SW corner of 6th and Clark from R-l to R-3, be set for February
17, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on the application of Jodie Cannon and James
Calbert to rezone Lots 7, 8 and North 70 feet of Lot 9, Block 22, HFM&N Addition which is

located on the SW comer of Van Buren and F Steets from R-3 to C-2 be set for February
17, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.	

1-20-54