HARVEY L. YORK—
Building Permit

REPORT--Legal Dept.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

GOLDEN NUGGET--Cabaret

License

RETAIL RESTAURANT
 BEVERAGE LICENSE—
Granted

 GAMING APPLICATIONS—
Granted

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City

Commissioners held this 7th day of September, 1946. Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of
10 A.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, City Manager T. E. Fennessy, City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August 22 be approved
 by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 876 to 884
inclusive and 890 and 891 in the net sum of $19,343.63 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
875, 885 to 889 inclusive and 892 and 894 in the sum of
$17,663.16 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of M. B. Abrams
for a cabaret License at the Golden Nugget at 2nd & Fremont
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Eldon Erwin
Lewis for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license, at 18 Garces
Street, at the Thelma and Doris' Cafe, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Corradetti and Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming applications
be granted:

In view of the opinion of the City Attorney, in his letter
dated August 22, 1946, Commissioner Baskin moved that the
petition of property owners for the revocation of permits
issued to Harvey L. York for the erection of a building at
713 South 3rd Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

The report of the Legal Department for the period of August 1,
1946, to date, was presented to the Board,

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting adjourn
until September 7 at the hour of 10 A. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.