There being no further business to come
before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Smith moved that this meeting recess until
Thursday, October 26, 1944, at 10.00 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; 

Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 26, 1944

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners held this twenty-sixth day
	of October, 1944: Meeting called to order by

	His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of

10.30 a.m. with the following members present:
Commissioners Clark, Corradetti, and Smith;

City Manager, Charles C. McCall; Chief Deputy
City Clerk, Mildred Mastny. Absent:	City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed; City Attorney, Louis I. Wiener,
Jr.; Commissioner Bates.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	  Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor and City

  Clerk be authorized to sign Payroll Warrants for
Street Department employees whose services will
be terminated at the end of the day’s work, 

October 26, 1944; reason for termination being the 

rejection of loan from the State Tax Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

There being no further business to come before
the Board at this time, Commissioner Clark
moved that this meeting recess until October
27, 1944, at 9.00 o’clock, a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 27, 1944

At a recessed meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this twenty-seventh day of October,

1944: Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor
E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 10.10 a.m. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Clark,

Corradetti and Smith; Chief Deputy City Clerk,

Mildred Mastny; City Manager, Charles C. McCall.

Absent:	Louis I. Wiener, Jr., City Attorney; Helen

Scott Reed, City Clerk, and Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the
meeting held October 21, 1944 be corrected to read
"Street Funds" instead of "Treasury". Minutes
otherwise approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bates.