Las Vegas, Nevada
December 5, 1955

( CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 5th day of December,

1955 was called, to order at the hour of 5.00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem
Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Mayor C.D. Baker

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon

At this time the Board considered the application of the Las Vegas Bowl, Inc. for
a use permit to conduct a restaurant and tavern in connection with a bowling alley
at 1825 South 5th Street. This application had been approved by the Board of Ad-
justment .

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this use permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a special meeting on the 5th day of December, 1955; having considered the applica-
tion of the Las Vegas Bowl, Inc. for a use permit to conduct a restaurant and tav-
ern in connection with a bowling alley at 1825 South 5th Street, in a C-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Las
Vegas Bowl, Inc. for a use permit to conduct a restaurant and tavern in connection
with a bowling alley at 1825 South 5th Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Las Vegas Bowl, Inc. by M. B.

Dalitz, Israel Alderman, and H. C. Springston for license for 16 slot machines
at 1825 South 5th Street for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the transfer of the tavern liquor license of Happy Vic's,
117 North 1st Street formerly issued to Abe and Robert Kroloff to the Las Vegas
Bowl, Inc. Sgt. Wayne McDorman advised the Board that the only applicant he had
cleared on this license was H.C. Springston.

Mr. David Zenoff, representing the Las Vegas Bowl explained to the Commission
that there would be a complete segregation of the bowling alley for children from
the bar and cocktail lounge. He further stated that Mr. Springston is the general
manager of the business, and would be solely responsible for the activities.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of M. B. Dalitz, Israel Aider-
man and H.C. Springston for transfer of the tavern liquor license from Happy Vic's
to the Las Vegas Bowl, 1825 South 5th Street be approved subject to the filing of
a letter of transfer from Abe and Robert Kroloff, and approval by the Police De-
partment of the balance of the officers of the corporation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

APPROVED:

M%yor Pro Tem 

ATTEST:

City Clerk

USE PERMIT - u-37-55
Las Vegas Bowl

GAMING APPLICATION
Las Vegas Bowl

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Las Vegas Bowl

