Bids from the Review Journal and Service Printers for the printing of the Ordinances
were opened at this time. Mr. Clark made a motion that said bids be filed. Motion seconded
by Mr. Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from Clark County Wholesale and James Cashman for a ton truck were opened at this
time and were laid over until the 22nd.



Bids from the McQuay Supply Co and Standard Wholesale Supply Co for galvanized pipe and black pipe
Mr. Clark made a motion that the bid of the Standard Wholesale Co be accepted for the black pipe
for $76.50. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that bids be let for traffic signs to be returned by September

4th. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that A Drew be allowed to attend the convention of International
Association of Electrical Inspectors to be held at San Jose, California August 25-28, 1941.
Motion Seconded by Mr. Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that this meeting recess until August 22nd, 1941 at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

August 22, 1941
Las Vegas, Nevada

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the
22nd day of August, 1941.

Meeting called to order by his Honor the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison, at the
hour of 7:45 P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners A. F. Smith, Sr.,

M. C. Tinch, C. R. Clark, A. P. Rubidoux. Deputy City Attorney, Madison B. Graves, Esq.

City Clerk Helen Scott.

Reading of the Minutes of the previous meeting were waived until the next regular

meeting.

Ira Earl, one of the County Commissioners, appeared before the Board in regard to
acquiring a plot of land for the erection of a Health Unit. Mr. Clark made a motion that the
City Commissioners cooperate with the County Commissioners in securing said site. Motion
seconded by Mr. Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote, Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that the racing commission be granted the use of the
track and stables at the City Park Grounds for two week ends in October the dates to be	

announced later. Motion seconded and carried by the following vote, Commissioners Smith,	

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Dale Pruitt, Right of Way Man from the State Highway Department appeared before the
Board at this time regarding the condemnation of a certain site of land to be used for
rerouting the Lincoln County Power Line.

Mr. Clark made a motion that $75.00 be paid to Mr. Whitehead for right of way
previously acquired across a 60 acre tract near the Gunnery School. Motion seconded by
Mr. Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that Dr. Thompson be paid the sum of $75.00 for right of
way across certain land owned by him. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote, Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the city attorney be authorized to proceed with con-
demnation proceedings against Mr. Friedman of San Francisco, California for a certain site
situated near the gunnery school. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the Mayor and the city clerk be empowered to sign
application for grant of $35,000. for building and equipping quarters for the U.S.O to be
forwarded to the P.W.A. Regional Division. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark, and carried by
the following vote, Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honorvoting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that the Mayor be empowered to accept the new road heretofore
built to the airport. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, one.

The committee heretofore appointed to investigate conditions relative to fire hazard
at the Apache Marine Room made a report at this time, stating that certain recommendations
were made and had been complied with