VARIANCE

D. H. Hand

VARIANCE

G.	C. Luzier

V

VARIANCE

Western Heating &
Ventilating

v-1-55

USE PERMIT

H.	M. Sloan
U-1-55

USE PERMIT

H. W. & E. L. Woodbury

At this time the Board considered the application of D. H. Hand for a variance to
construct a trailer park on the northeast corner of Madison and J Streets.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for variance be referred back to the
Planning Commission for immediate action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. G. C. Luzier appeared before the Board requesting approval of his application to
vary the use of an R-1 zone at 720-730 South 6th Street by maintaining a private
parking area for the customers of Cliff's 5th Street Market. This application was
denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Mr. Walter Hunsacker spoke protesting this variance on the grounds that it would
depreciate the value of adjacent property. Mr. Calvin Cory, representing A. C. Grant,
voiced the same objection.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
and this variance be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Whipple passed his vote because his home is within less than a block of this area.
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

Consideration was given at this time to the request of Western Heating & Ventilating to
vary the 5 foot side yard requirements to allow the installation of an air conditioning
unit to within 26 inches of the side property line at 721 South 6th Street. This variance
was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Mr. Oscar Bryan, representing Mr. and Mrs. George Bondley, appeared before the Board
protesting this variance because of the close proximity to their property, unsightliness,
noise, and possible fire hazard.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for variance be held in abeyance until
the next regular meeting on February 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration was given at this time to the request of H. M. Sloan to convert fourteen
of twenty-one units into a series of fourteen professional offices to be known as E.
Charleston Professional Center in the 2000 block of E. Charleston.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this application for a use permit be continued until the
next regular meeting February 16, 1955*

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of H. W. and E. L. Woodbury to build a
dental office at 216-218 Maryland Parkway.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this application of H. W. and E. L. Woodbury for a use
permit to build a dental office at 216-218 Maryland Parkway be approved subject to the
parking requirements stipulated in Resolution No. 63 adopted by the Board of Adjustment,
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 2nd day of February, 1955, having considered the application of
H. W. and E. L. Woodbury for a use permit to build a dental office at 216-218 Maryland
Parkway, subject to parking requirement; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
recommending that this application be approved for a dental office;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of H. W.
and E. L. Woodbury for a Use Permit to build a dental office at 216-218 Maryland Parkway,
subject to parking requirements, be approved, and the inspection departments authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

2-2-55