day of February, 1960, that the City Clerk and the Clerk of the
Board of Commissioners, be and she is hereby directed to publish
notice of said hearing once a week for two successive weeks in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners be, and she is hereby directed to post notice of
said hearing in at least three public places near the site of the
proposed work; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners be, and she is hereby directed to mail a copy of said
notice, postage prepaid, as first class mail, at least fifteen (15)
days prior to said hearing, to the last known address of each last
known owner of land in the district whose property will be assessed
for the cost of the improvements, such addresses and owners being
those appearing on the local property assessment rolls for general
(ad valorem) taxes of the County of Clark, wherein said property is
located; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such Notice shall be in substantially
the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above Resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved Regular Payroll Warrants Nos. 45478 to
46077, in the net amount of $84,642.27, for the pay period January
16 - January 31, 1960, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated the approval of Service & Material
Warrants would be passed for the present.

Commissioner Fountain moved Urban Renewal Warrants Nos. 1-9449 to
1-9452, in the amount of $9,764.48 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the transfer of Credit Union Withholding in
the amount of $19,163.80 be approved, and the Director of Finance
and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the duplicate liquor license fee paid by
Sy Husney for the months of February and March, 1960, in the amount
of $250.00 be refunded, and the Director of Finance and City Treasurer
authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of the Regular Meeting of
January 20, 1960, be approved by reference and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign the same.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, but added a correction
should be made on page 8 of the minutes to reflect that a motion made
by Commissioner Sharp was seconded by a Commissioner other than
Commissioner Sharp, and the motion was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor
Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-60

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Approved

URBAN RENEWAL
WARRANTS

Approved

TRANSFER OF CREDIT
UNION WITHHOLDING

Approved

REFUND OF DUPLICATE
LIQUOR LICENSE PAYMENT

Sy Husney

Approved

MINUTES

January 20, 1960
Approved

/s/ Edwina M. Cole
City Clerk

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
Mayor