OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. December 1, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the first day of December, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and Roy
Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Reports of City officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

At this time a number of representative citizens of this City appeared before the
Board. Mr. A. W. Ham, acting as spokesmen, addressed the Board and protested against setting
the Eastern limits of the business section of this City at 5th Street on Fremont, at the
same time, informing the Board that it had been rumored that a zoning ordinance under con-
sideration by the City Planning Commission would limit the business section as herein-
before stated. Thereupon, the Mayor informed said citizens that the purposed zoning 
ordinance had not yet been drafted nor presented to this Board and further informed them that
their suggestions would be duly considered in framing said proposed zoning ordinance.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith and unanimously
carried, it was ordered that the moneys collected by the Municipal Judge and City Clerk
for fines and licenses for the month of November, 1927, totalling $1168.50, be apportioned
as follows, to-wit: the sum of $584.25 to the General Fund, and the sum of $584.25 to
the Police and Fire Fund; further ordered that the sum of $85.09 be transferred from the
General Fund to the Emergency Loan Fund.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting adjourn until Friday, December 2nd, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. December 2, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the second day of December, 1927, at the hour of
three o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J.
Smith, and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Roy Neagle,
Commissioner.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

It having been reported to the Board of City Commissioners that certain persons
are using the streets and alleys of the Original Townsite of Las Vegas for the laying of
pipes and water without permission of said City, it is hereby ordered upon motion by
Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that said persons be ordered by the
Commissioner of Streets to remove said pipes forthwith.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it is resolved
that the action of the Police and Fire Commissioner in purchasing a new Buick Sedan for
City use at the price of $1585.00, in which the old Buick machine owned by this City was
taken in payment to the extent of $600.00, leaving a balance of $985.00, be and the same
is hereby ratified, approved and confirmed; and that the Mayor and City Clerk, on behalf
of this City, execute the promissory note of the City in the principal sum of $985.00,