LIQUOR APPLICATIONS   Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Floyd Lewis, Spic & Span Cafe, 931 Fremont
Spic & Span	for a restaurant beverage license for the fourth quarter of 1951 be approved subject

	to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Westside Tavern	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of George and Eleanor Blohm, Westside Tavern,

	206 W. Wilson for a restaurant beverage license for the fourth quarter of 1951 be approved

subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett and Mayor Baker.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
Subdivision	amending ordinance No. 460, requiring fees to be paid to the City for inspection of sub-

inspection Fee	division, reported that he felt the 2½% entirely too high, and would not be in favor of

	an ordinance of this kind that required more than 1% flat fee.

Commissioner Bunker, the other member of the committee on this proposed ordinance, con-
curred in Commissioner Whipple's report.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an ordinance to repeal
Ordinance No. 460.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUBDIVISIONS	Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager and City Attorney be instructed to check on all

Report on Performance         subdivision bonds pending with the City and see they are complied with within the one year
Bonds	period and a complete report made to the Board on this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV, OF ORDINANCE NO. 378 ALSO REFERRED

Rezonings	TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP

	ADOPTED BE THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE

SAID MAP, was read by title and referred to Commissioner Jarrett and Peccole for recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE        Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple, committee for report on the proposed ordinance amending
Traffic Amendment 	the traffic ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE      Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett, committee for report on the proposed ordinance amending
Zoning Amendment 	the Zoning Ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE       Commissioners Jarrett and Peccole, committee for report on the proposed ordinance amending
Minor Ordinance 	the Minor Ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

Amendment

GAMING APPLICATIONS Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Vegas Enterprises, Filipo's, 614 South 5th
Filipo's	Street for a license for one slot machine for the fourth quarter of 1951 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Club Savoy	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Norman Khoury, Club Savoy, 116 Fremont for

license for 54 slot machines for the fourth quarter of 1951 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Peccole.

RECESS	At this time the meeting recessed for ten minutes.

RECONVENED	The meeting reconvened at the hour of 10:30 P.M. with all members present as of the

	opening session.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2199 to 2203 inclusive in
WARRANTS	the total amount of $24, 848.08 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZAUGG TRACT	At this time a report from the Regional Planning Commission on the Zaugg Tract, dated

November 21, 1951, was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Regional Planning Commission be authorized to proceed to
make a title search to establish the ownership of property in the Zaugg Tract, and to
recommend a street plan in this area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESIGNATION OF	The resignation of Dr. Joseph M. George, Jail Physician was presented at this time.

JAIL PHYSICIAN

Commissioner Jarrett moved the resignation of Dr. George as Jail Physician, effective
	November 30, 1951 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager was instructed to request the Medical Society to submit names of physicians
who might accept the position of jail physician to the Board.