property was located.

Mr. Ted Werner also requested information as to the location.

Mr. Robert E. Jones stated that he was interested in this rezoning and had no object-
ions -so long as the City Building Inspector saw that no shacks or substandard buildings
were allowed in this district.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved this hearing be recessed until July 5, 1951
at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

POWER COMPANY -	At this time the recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission under date of

San Francisco Substation	June 19, 1951 on the request of the Southern Nevada Power Company for a Use Permit

to add facilities to the San Francisco Street Substation was read by the Clerk.

	Thereafter a request of Ralli, Rudiak and Horsey on behalf of Dr, Levon Kassabian

for a public hearing on this matter was also read.

Mr. Leo McNamee, attorney for the Power Company stated that they had no objections
to the public hearing, but wished it at the earliest possible time and suggested
July 5, 1951.

Mr. Rudiak concurred in this request.

Commissioner Peccole moved the public hearing on this matter be held July 5, 1951
at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

GENERAL PETROLEUM -               At this time the request of the General Petroleum for permission to erect temporary
Temporary Structures	structures at their station located at 1000 South Main to be used as bunkhouses for

	transient truck drivers was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple, No vote was called.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole withdrew his motion and Commissioner Whipple his
second.

Commissioner Peccole moved the temporary project for the General Petroleum Company
be allowed until restrictions are lifted and building materials are available to
construct a permanent building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

SOLICITORS LICENSE	At this time Mr. Garn, representative of the Americana Encyclopedia appeared before

the Board requesting information as to whether or not he would be required a license
	           to solicit orders and if this license fee could be reduced.

His Honor request that this matter be held in abeyance until the Assistant City
Attorney arrived at the meeting.

FINAL PAYMENT - Assessment   Commissioner Whipple moved the final payment to John B. Powers Company in the total
District No. 200-8	amount of $1,083.14 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the

warrant when drawn.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

NORTH MAIN STREET ALLEY       At this time Mr. Arnold and Mr. Ted Werner appeared before the Board to request an

	alley on North Main Street from Mesquite to Bonanza, and installation of fire hydra-

nts.

They also stated that there were structures in this area that were fire hazards and
requested the Board to investigate this matter. It was decided that this matter
would be brought up at the next meeting.

ASST. CITY ATTORNEY	At this time Assistant City Attorney Ralston O. Hawkins arrived at the meeting.



SOLICITORS LICENSE	The Assistant Attorney advised the Board and Mr. Garn that he would be required to

have a license to solicit business in the City, Mr. Garn was requested to submit
	affidavits of the gross amount of business to the City Clerk and then the Board

would take this matter under consideration.

ZONING- -	At this time Mr. W. W. Cantrell appeared before the Board concerning some property

he owns on Fremont Street from 21st to 23rd and requested that this property be
	zoned as commercial at an additional depth then the existing 150 feet. Mr. Can-

trell was requested to submit this matter to the Planning Commission for recommenda-
tion to the Board.