Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

MINUTES	Commissioner Peccole moved the Minutes of July 18, August 1 and 7, 1951

be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
	same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

SUBDIVIDERS -            At this time a report from the City Engineer on the status of Subdividers
Bonds	Bonds was presented for consideration.

	Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Engineer notify the Subdividers

and all Contractors who are delinquent on completion of required improvements,
to commence and complete improvements without delay; otherwise action will be
taken on the bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

EMPLOYEES VACATION At this time Commissioner Bunker stated that he was not at all satisfied with
the amount of vacation time allowed employees and moved that all employees
	be allowed ten working days after the first year, fifteen working days after

the second year, and each year thereafter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



    City Clerk	Mayor



CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING	Las Vegas, Nevada

August 22, 1951

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, on the
22nd day of August, 1951, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1.	Public Hearings:

a)	Assessment District No. 100-6

b)	Rezoning - Meadows Addition - Robinson property

c)	Vacation of Streets - Meadows Addition

d)	Vacation of Streets - Portion of North 10th Street

2.	Public Hearings, Continuation of:

a)	Rezoning	of	Searway	Property

b)	Rezoning	of	Cantrell Property

3. Blockade of San Francisco and Talbot Streets
4. Service and Material Warrants

5. Report on Ordinances:

a)	Traffic - Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple

b)	Auction - Commissioners Bunker and Peccole

6.	Minutes of August 15, 1951

7.	Request of Fred G. Dahlin, Shriner, for permission to sell Shrine
Novelty Jewelry during Convention.

8.	Regional Planning Commission appointments.