City Manager Kennedy then stated the request which he had presented
had been made to the Board of Commissioners.

Attorney Adams inquired if this was a privileged application and if
this was to be treated as an application of another body or another
entity for rezoning.

A discussion followed between Mr. Adams and City Attorney Cory regarding
the opinion rendered by the Attorney General and City Attorney Cory
stated this body was not going to litigate any facts, but if Mr. Adams
desired to present his position, he could do so.

Attorney Adams stated he did not think this matter should be given any
consideration other than that given regular applications for rezoning;
that if a corporation was involved, it would have to ask for rezoning,
and he believed the application should take the regular channels.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, inquired if Mr. Adams was protesting the
rezoning.

To this Attorney Adams made no reply but stated that before this
matter came up he had a conversation with Mr. Rulon Earl who stated he
would be willing to sit down with Mr. Adams, His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
and the Board to discuss this matter and arrive at some solution.

Commissioner Fountain inquired when Mr. Earl had made this statement
and Mr. Adams informed Commissioner Fountain that it was right
around the 1st of November, after the Attorney General's opinion had
been rendered; further, that he had a conversation with Mr. Earl last
week, at which time Mr. Earl indicated he would be willing to sell
the land to the City.

Commissioners Whipple and Fountain inquired whether Mr. Adams had
reference to the 190' buffer, and Mr. Adams replied he meant the 190'
buffer plus the R-1 property.

Mr. Kennedy stated this would be 2.651 acres.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, remarked this was not suitable for any of
the City's development and Mr. Adams agreed with this statement.

City Manager Kennedy remarked that this land was not suitable for
anything the City could put in unless the zoning was changed from
R-E by the Commission.

Attorney Adams stated he thought the Mayor had indicated to Mrs.

Longo that this would be restricted commercial, and Commissioner
Whipple inquired if the people whom Mr. Adams represented would be
agreeable to this.

Attorney Adams replied he had a meeting last night with the people
concerned and he thought this would be agreeable to them.

Commissioner Fountain asked Attorney Adams what price the Housing
Authority had put on this land, to which Attorney Adams replied,

"The same price they purchased it for --$4,000.00 an acre. I think
they would be willing to take dollar value or exchange land."

Commissioner Whipple stated he believed this matter should be held in
abeyance tonight and there should be a discussion with Mr. Earl or
the members of the Housing Authority and the Board of City Commissioners,
so that the Board might act on it at the next meeting.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if it was proposed to make everything on
Highland Drive R-4.

Mrs. Longo stated they did not desire R-4; they desired it zoned
controlled commercial; that they felt it wouldn't lend itself to any-
thing else but commercial.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if Attorney Adams was objecting to the
rezoning, and Mr. Adams stated he was here to find out what was
going on.

Commissioner Whipple inquired whether there would be any objection to
rezoning if the City purchased this property and had it rezoned to
commercial and moved this matter be held in abeyance. This motion
failed for lack of a second.

Mrs. Longo stated they wanted some security and stabilization along
Highland, so they would know where they stood.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, inquired of City Attorney Cory if there was
any reason why a motion to purchase this property could not be made
at this meeting.

City Attorney Cory urged that any such motion be conditioned upon an
agreement being reached; that when and if the City did purchase, it
would be a matter of private contract between the City and Housing
Authority. It was Mr. Cory's thought that the Board could go on

1-20-60