MRS. LAMON	Commissioner Clark moved that Mrs.	LaMon be hired as a deputy in the City

Deputy City	Clerk's office to fill the vacancy	of Lois Fisher. That appointment to take

Clerk	effect as of December the seventh,	1942 at the salary of $140.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

N one. Motion carried.

LICENSE	Commissioner Smith moved that Lynn Botts take over the duties formerly per-

COLLECTOR	formed by Mr. Sargent, in connection with the collection of license, 

City Clerk's Office  provided Commissioner Clark finds that Mr. Sargent is not employed full time in

the Fire Department, Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote. Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

ELECTRIC	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let on certain electrical supplies, re

DEPARTMENT	quested by Mr. Drew.	Motion seconded	by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried

Bids let	by the following vote.	Commissioners	Clark,	Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

CLEM MALONE	Commissioner Rubidoux	moved that Clem	Malone	be allowed two weeks vacation,

Vacation	with pay beginning as	of December the	13th.	Motion seconded by Commissioner 

Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Smith voting no. Motion carried.

EATHER LEAVITT	Commissioner Clark moved that Eather Leavitt be promoted from Sargeant to

Promotion	Captain of Police at a salary of $220.00 per month beginning as of December

first, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the checks in the sum of  $3,062 from the 

 Municipal Judge covering fine for the month of November be accepted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote. 

Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITOR'S	Mr. Blackman, City Auditor made his report on the audit of the books at this

REPORT	time and presented a claim in the sum of $405.00 for special audit work. A

great deal was held regarding said claim, and it was held over

until the next meeting.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

RESOLUTION

RESOLVED that on and after the date of the adoption of this Resolution no
additional positions or jobs to those now in existence under the authority
of the City of Las Vegas shall be created or filled by appointment, or 

salaries paid therefor, without the unanimous consent of the Board of Commissioners,
and the Mayor and Finance Commissioner are instructed and authorized to 

disapprove any vouchers for the payment of salaries allocated to any such 

additional jobs or positions which do not carry such authorization, provided, 

however, that this resolution shall not apply to the filling of any position or
job already in existence under the authority of the City of Las Vegas by the
appointment of a new employee at the same rate of compensation.

All resolutions heretofore enacted which contravene the terms, intents, and
purposes of this resolution are hereby rescinded and repealed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the fore going resolution be adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote. 

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner
Smith passed. Voting no, none.

B.M.I.	Commissioner Tinch moved that the request of Mr. Petrie, School 

FLOODLIGHTS	Superintendent at B.M.I. for permission to use two floodlights for presentation of

school plays be granted, and that they be returned in the same condition as
received. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

LEROY WHIPPLE	A letter of resignation was read from LeRoy Whipple. Commissioner Smith

RESIGNATION	moved that said letter of resignation from LeRoy Whipple be accepted, and that

the City Clerk be authorized to employ a substitute. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



ORDINANCE NO. 280	An Ordinance entitled, An Ordinance vacating the Southerly seventy five (75)

Second Reading	feet of the alley running, northerly and southerly through Block No. 15 in	

Clark, Las Vegas townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for
Police Department purposes was read to the Board for the second time. 

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing ordinance be adopted and approved. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

RESOLUTION	A certain resolution was presented for consideration relative to the hiring of

men. Commissioner Tinch moved that this resolution be revised and resubmitted
to the Board at their next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.