VARIANCE (V-10-58)	Consideration was given to the application of John W. Wilhoit to construct an 

John W. Wilhoit	addition to and convert an existing single-family residence into professional 

Approved	medical offices for two (2) medical doctors; add to construct said addition fifty (50)

feet from the centerline of the street, at 418 Maryland Parkway, between Lewis
& Clark (Lots 25-26, Block 16, Pioneer Heights) in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised that this application was recommended for approval
by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Upon the applicant's request the application was amended to be for one (1)
doctor's office rather than two.

2.	Conformance to the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer.

3.	All parking areas and driveways to be surfaced with asphaltic concrete as
soon as the building is completed.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections to the granting of this
variance. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved, subject to the
conditions of the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 2nd day of July, 1958, having considered the 
application of John W. Wilhoit to construct an addition to and convert an existing
single-family residence into professional medical offices for two (2) medical
doctors; and to construct said addition fifty (50) feet from the centerline of
the street at 418 Maryland Parkway (Lots 25-26, Block 16, Pioneer Heights 
Addition), in an R-4 zone; and

The Commission having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning 
Adjustment approving this application as amended to provide for a medical office for one
(1) doctor, subject to certain conditions.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application for variance,
as amended, be approved, subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of 
Zoning Adjustment.

ONE-HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking 

South 5th Street	Commission that one-hour parking on both sides of South 5th Street from Garces Avenue to

Charleston Boulevard, be approved.

Garces to Charleston

Planning Director Bills explained that one-hour parking limit is presently in effect 
from the end of the metered zone on Bridger to Garces, and this would merely
extend this regulation for an additional three blocks. He further advised that a
majority of the property owners and/or merchants affected have indicated approval.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted, and one-hour parking
regulations on South 5th Street from Garces Avenue to Charleston Boulevard be 
enacted, and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas and its proper departments have from time
to time established and located within the City of Las Vegas certain areas where
one-hour parking limitations are in effect; and

WHEREAS, the areas designated for such parking limitations are outside
the present area where parking meters are located adjacent to the curbs; and

WHEREAS, it is now desired to spread upon the minutes of the Board of
Commissioners various areas and locations where one-hour parking limitations
are now in effect.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners at a regular
meeting thereof held on the 2nd day of July, 1958, that one-hour parking limitations 
shall be in effect on the following streets located within the City of Las
Vegas:

West Bonanza Road - Underpass to 2600 feet west of "H" Street

South Main Street - From	To

Colorado Avenue	Imperial Avenue - east side

California Avenue	Colorado Avenue - east and west side

Charleston Boulevard	California Avenue - east & west side

Hoover Avenue	Coolidge Avenue - east side

Gass Avenue	Hoover Avenue - east & west side

California Avenue - Main Street	Second Street - south side

North First Street -Stewart Avenue north to Police Dept. Bldg - east & west side

South First Street -Bridger Avenue	Lewis Avenue - east side

Garces Avenue	Gass Avenue - east & west side

Utah Street	-Second Street	Third	Street	-	north & south side

South Second St.	-Lewis Avenue	200 ft. south of Lewis - west side

South Third St.	-Bridger Avenue	Lewis	Avenue	-	east & west side

Charleston Blvd.	110 ft. north of Charleston -west side

Charleston Blvd.	-Second Street	Third	Street	-	north side

Hoover Avenue	-Fourth Street	Fifth	Street	-	south side

7-2-58