Las Vegas, Nevada
July 5, 1941

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of July, 1941 at the hour of 7:50 P.M.

Meeting called to order by His Honor the Mayor with the following members present:
Commissioners A. R. Smith, Sr., M. C. Tinch, Pat Clark and A. P. Rubidoux. City Attorney,

Paul Ralli the Clerk and Deputy Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read. Upon recommendation of Mr. Smith that
the Minutes be amended to show that Cragin and Pike be written a letter to the effect that
they bill A. F. Smith, Sr., Chas. R. Clark and R. J. Kaltenborn for their bonds. Thereafter,
said amendment was ordered and the Minutes were approved as amended.

The following Resolution was read to the Board and upon motion by Mr. Smith, seconded
by Mr. Clark and carried same was adopted. Vote: Aye, Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
as follows: -

That any grievance of matter requiring the attention or action of the Board of City Com-
missioners must be submitted to the Board of City Commissioners in writing signed by the
party, submitting it before any consideration will be given the same.

Upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Tinch, it was ordered that warrants 535 to
542 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign same, and upon the unanimous vote
of the Board same was carried.

The Clerk, at this time presented the following report of the City Attorney:

Ret Informal Lease.

Informal lease of the War Memorial Building by Battery D taken care of.

Re: Petition for water supply at Meadows Addition.

This matter was taken up with the Public Service Commission on June 19th.

Re: Claim of Dr. York.

Under Section 15 of Ordinance No. 32 of the City of Las Vegas, it is provided that no
claim which has once been presented and rejected should ever again be considered or allowed
by the same or subsequently elected or appointed Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas.

If therefore, Dr. York feels he has a just claim against the city his remedy would appear to
be directly through the Courts.

Re: Reduction in Beauty Shop Operator's Licenses and Wedding Chapel Licenses.

This matter rests entirely upon the decision of the Board. Ordinance No. 244, Paragraph
72, Page 14.

Re : Complaint against T. M. Murry, 312 N. 2nd Street.

Concerning unsanitary conditions of premises. Complaint filed 24th day of June, 1941
under Ordinance No. 76 as amended by No. 208.

Re:	Acquisition of property for the Flexible Gunnery School.

Certificate of Title sent to United States Engineer's Office on June 25th, asper their
request of June 23rd.

Mr. Tinch moved that city attorney's report regarding claim of Dr. York be approved. Seconded
by Mr. Smith. Vote. Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Clerk read a letter from M. E. Leavitt,. Street Supervisor, regarding the need of
new garbage trucks.

the airport where the sewerage disposal will be dumped and report back to the Board.

Mr. Clark made a motion that the Clerk purchase a wreath on behalf of the Board
for the funeral of Mr. Rubidoux's sister. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote:
Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none. Motion carried.

There being no further business appearing before the Board, at the hour of 12:45 A.M.
Mr. Clark made a motion that we adjourn until July 5th, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote, Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.	