to enter upon the duties of the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas. Voting
on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Neagle, and German, and His Honor the Mayor, J.
F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meet-
ing adjourn until Tuesday, the 7th day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 7, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p. m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney, City Assessor and Clerk; Commissioner O. J. Smith being absent.
Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the hearing of protests or objections regarding the levying
of a special assessment for the payment of costs in connection with the laying of sidewalk on the
east side of South Fourth Street, the Board proceeded to hear any such protests as may have been
filed. It appearing to the Board that no such protests or objections had teen filed and nobody
appearing before the Board to make such protest or objection, the Board proceeded to confirm
said special assessment.



Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the special assessment of $36.50 on each lot as 

originally entered in Special Assessment Roll No. 10 was in excess of the amount required to meet all

expenses in connection with the construction of the sidewalk on the east side of South Fourth



Street, and that the sum of $30.67 assessed to each lot in Blocks 39 and 40 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

on which said sidewalk was constructed is sufficient to meet all expenses in connection with

said construction, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner

German, that said special assessment be revised so that the sum of $30.67 will be assessed to

each lot on which said sidewalk was constructed. Vote on said motion being: Commissioners



Mundy, German, Neagle and his Honor the Mayor Hesse voting aye. Noes, None.

Thereafter, it was moved by Commissioner Mundy that Assessment Roll No. 10, as revised,
be confirmed by the Board, certified by the Clerk, and recorded, and that the City Assessor levy
the assessment, the same to be payable at once and collected by the proper officers. Motion sec-
onded by Commissioner German. Motion carried on following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German,
Neagle and his Honor the Mayor, Hesse voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until July 2nd, 1927, at the Hour of three o'clock P. M.