VARIANCE ApPLICATION
1013 E Street
Julia caperton

HIGHWAY NAME
San Francisco St.

REZONING

Public Hearing Set
10th to 13th

REZONING public
Hearing set-Blk. 8,
Biltmore No. 3



LICENSING PUNCH
BOaRDS,

SOLICITORS LICENSE
BOND 

EASTWOOD TRACT NO. 1
Final Map

PLUMBER'S EXAMINING
BOARD

Appeal of C. Weber
Certification

The application of Julia Caperton to add a duplex at 1013 E Street
in addition to 3 units already on the property, as recommended by
the Regional Planning Commission was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 2nd day of January, 1953, Julia Caperton
filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission for a
variance to construct a duplex in addition to three units which already
exist in an R-2 (Two Family Residence) Use District, on a lot 100
feet by 140 feet in area and to extend within 10 feet of the required
side yard area, located at 1013 E Street between Jefferson and Mams
Streets on Lots 7 and 8, Block 15 in the H.F.M.& M. Addition to the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, on January 22, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission
held a public hearing on this application for variance, at which time
no objections were raised and no communications protesting the granting
of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on January 22, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission
approved the application inasmuch as they felt this use would not be
detrimental to surrounding property values; and

WHEREAS, Such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners
on February 4, 1953, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission that Julia Caperton be granted a variance to construct a
duplex in addition to three units which already exist in an R-2 Use District be
and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and
Whipple.

At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on a petition
of property owners with reference to the road to be constructed along the north
line of Section 12, T 21 S, R 61 E, MDB&M, was considered. The Planning Commission
recommended that this road be called San Francisco Street as petitioned by the
property owners in the vicinity.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission be accepted, and the aforementioned right of way called San Francisco
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett
and Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the public hearing on the rezoning from R-1 and R-2 and R-3 to
R-4 of the property generally located South of Fremont between 9th and 14th Streets, be
set for March 4, 1953, at the hour of 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: commissioners Jarrett
and Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the public hearing on the rezoning of Blk 8, Biltmore Annex
No. 3 from R-l and R-3 to C-2 be held March 4, 1953 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett
and Whipple.

The matter of the licensing of punch boards in the City of Las Vegas was referred to Commissioners
Jarrett and Whipple for recommendation.

Commissioner Peccole, member of the committee to report on the Solicitors License Bond, asked
additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final amended plat of Eastwood Tract No. 1 be approved subject
to the filing of the required performance bond and the Subdiviser's entering into the agreement
with the City for said improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett
and Whipple.

At this time Commissioner Whipple returned to the meeting.

Discussion was held on the appeal of the Plumber’s Examining Board of the recommendation
of the Board of Appeals that Charles Weber be granted a master plumber’s certification.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the decision on this appeal be held in abeyance
until February 18, 1953, and that the attorneys for both sides present briefs to the
Board of Commissioners not later than February 13, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett Absent.