REZONING

Lawrence Love Tract

Z-42-54

REZONING

Rancho Drive Realty
Z-21-54

REZONING

Donald and Virginia Zak
z-39-54

REZONING

Francisco Park #2
Z-40-54

STREET NAMES

PETITION FOR VACATION
Bonneville Avenue

U.P.R.R. INDUSTRIAL TRACT

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
denying the application of Charles E. Sherman, Toy R. Gregory and Wayne L. Zieger for
rezoning of Lots 13, 14, 15 and 20, Block 1, Lawrence Love Tract, from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission to
rezone the complete Lawrence Love Tract from R-3 to R-4.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that a Public Hearing be held January 5, 1955, on
the recommendation of the Planning Commission to rezone the complete Lawrence Love Tract
from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Rancho Drive Realty to rezone Block 3, El Centro Addition, Tract No.

2, from R-3 to R-4 was considered by the Board at this time. This application was
approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a Public Hearing be held January 5, 1955 on this
application.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Donald and Virginia Zak to rezone Lots 23 to 26, Block 6, Boulder Dam
Homesite #4, from R-2 to R-3; approved by the Planning Commission, was considered.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that a Public Hearing be held on this application
January 5; 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Francisco Park #2 to rezone all of
the SE¼ of the SW¼, Section 2, T21S, R61E, M.D.B.& M., except the south 200 feet, from
R-2 to R-1. This application was approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp said he is the architect on this project and therefore he would not
take part in discussion or voting.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a Public Hearing be held January 5, 1955, on this
application for rezoning.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote.

Commissioner Jarrett said he writes insurance for these people but nothing on this
particular piece of property.

A map showing proposed street names for the NE¼ NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, M.D.B.& M.,
was presented by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved to adopt the following street names as recommended by the
Planning Commission in the NE¼ NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, M.D.B.& M.:	Jansen Avenue,

Hinkle Drive, Cobb Lane, and extensions of 21st Street, 22nd Street, 23rd Street, 25th
Street and Owens Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered a petition for vacation of a portion of Bonneville
Avenue between 13th and 14th Streets, approved by the Planning Commission.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that action on this petition be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The proposal of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for development of an Industrial Tract
west of the railroad tracks and north of Charleston Boulevard was presented to the Board
at this time. Mr. Franklin Bills said that in this connection Highland Avenue is
proposed for improvement and this proposal includes the dedication of an 80-foot right of
way from Charleston Boulevard to Bonanza Road.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Union Pacific Railroad Co. be
approved subject to dedication to the City of an 80-foot right of way from Charleston
Boulevard to Bonanza Road on the North and south center line of Sections 33 and 28.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

12-15-54