Mr. Garehime of the Garehime Music Company appeared before the Board and ask if the City
at this time was ready to purchase the concert grand piano owned by Mr. Garehime and at the
present on the stage in the War Memorial Bldg. Mr. Garehime offered the Board a 2% discount
if the piano was purchased at this time.

Mr. Garehime was informed that the City was without funds to purchase said piano unless
the State Board of Finance saw fit to grant an emergency loan to the City. Application for said
emergency loan having been denied to the present time it was doubtful that the City would
secure any relief from that source this year.

Attorney Ham appeared before the Board in regard to securing a license for Peter Pansey
for the 3rd quarter year for the operation of Mr. Pansey's Boulder Liquor Store and the Exchange
Tavern.

Mr. Pansey had been denied license for the operation these establishments at a meeting
of the Board held on the 17th day of June, 1940.

Mr. Ham was informed that the three Commissioners, namely Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert,
and Corradetti were still of the opinion they were on June 17th and would not vote to give Mr.
Pansey a license for the third quarter year.

Mr. Ham ask for an expression from the Board in regard to the issuing of a license to
Bill Picolli, Mr. Pansey's son for operation of the Boulder Liquor Store and the Exchange Tavern

Mayor Russell stated that he was in favor of granting a license to Mr. Picolli, Commission-
ers Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti were not in favor of granting a license to Mr. Picolli, Com-
missioner Krause ask that Mr. Picolli make formal application to the Board for s license and at
such time as Mr. Picolli's application was presented to the Board that he would consider same.
and until such time he was not giving an expression as to his opinion.

An ordinance entitled " An Ordinance regulating the installation of electrically operated
cooling and ventilating devices and apparatus other than portable fans; providing for the issuing
of permits for such installation, and providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance,"
was considered at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that this ordinance be tabled.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the following beverage, licenses for the year be granted: Bryant and Reid, Pat Keenan,

Gladys Westgate, C.R. Bothleder, Babe Roan and a tavern Liquor License to The Frontier Club Inc.
These applications had been approved by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the gaming license of the Apache Casino, and all slot machine licenses applied for at this
time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, And His Honor the Mayor voting
aye Noes, none.

A letter from the Junior Chamber of Commerce asking that the City take part in helping to
control waste of water from artesian wells was presented and read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that this letter and the copy of the 1939 water right legislation be handed to the City
Surveyor for checking and that he made report at the next meeting of the Board.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk sign the claim of Beulah Cline in the sum of $50.00 for materials the
City of Las Vegas had recently purchased from her.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of a new car for the Police Department were opened at this time and
on Motion of Police Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City accept the Bid of the A.C.Grant Co for the purchase of a Ford sedan. This being
the best bid received. That the City spend the sum of approximately $25.00 additional for the in-
stallation of a Murcery engine in said machine. Bid $945.18 , trade in $545.18 Cash Bal $400.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City accept the bid of the Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company for the purchase of 300 ft.
of hose. Price $36.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
 seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.