and myself at that particular time agreed that we would alternate with a
representative from each City. Last year Commissioner Harris Sharp was
appointed from the City of Las Vegas. I would like to hear from Mayor
Byrne in this regard."

Mayor Byrne, Henderson, concurred in the understanding that a representative
to the Board of Equalization was to be rotated and that "it would be
Henderson's chance this year."

Commissioner Elwell moved that Mayor Byrne be appointed to represent the
incorporated cities in the County.

Motion seconded by Mayor Hartke and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson and
His Honor Mayor Hartke voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

There then followed a discussion concerning the advisability of amending
Section 361.340 N.R.S. (which had been requested in previous years).

Commissioner Elwell moved that the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas
be instructed to take the necessary steps toward amending the Act to
provide that a representative of each city shall be elected to the Board
of Equalization (instead of one member representing the incorporated
cities in Clark County as now provided in the law), in addition to the
three members from the Board of County Commissioners and one member
representing the County School District.

Motion seconded by Mayor Hartke and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple, His Honor Mayor Gragson and His
Honor Mayor Hartke voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this point Mayor Gragson said he felt that the Cities of Henderson,
Boulder City, North Las Vegas and Las Vegas should have an annual meeting
for the purpose of discussing allied problems, particularly those that
would become matters of legislative action, "so that our efforts can be
coordinated for the best interests of the four municipalities. In fact,
if any of you have any desire to call a meeting prior to the State
Legislature, convening in January, please call on us. I am speaking for
myself, but I know that the other Commissioners will meet at any place
you desire - I feel it is most important that we get together and
coordinate as one unit."

Mayor Byrne:	"Do you feel it would serve a purpose to have a meeting

before the Legislature convenes?"

Mayor Gragson:	"Not only that, but to have our legislators meet with us.

We plan to have someone attending practically all of the sessions up in
Carson City and if there is anything that comes up that is contrary to
our wishes, or contrary to our welfare, we will notify the other cities
and present a coordinated effort."

There being no further items for action or discussion, the meeting was
adjourned at 4:35 P.M.

APPOINTMENT MADE

AMENDMENT OF SECTION
361.340 N.R.S.

Approved

DISCUSSION RE ANNUAL
MEETING