Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 18th, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment Present

Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell, Ball, and his Hicks. with

the Clerk and City Attorney being present., and the members of the Cemetery Committee.

This being the time set by the Board for the meeting with the members of the Cemetery Committee

relative to getting water for the Cemetery of said City, and the members of said Cemetery Board being
present in a body before the Board, the Board then proceeded to take up said water question, whereupon
at this time the Mayor W.E. Hawkins reported to the Board that he had taken the matter of water
up with the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and reported that it would be impossible to get water
from said Company, At this time the ladies of the Cemetery Committee than reported to the Board that
they had been informed that they could get water from the Russell well in old town, for the sum of
$30.00 for the season thereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that

this proposition be excepted and that the City Attorney be instructed to enter into and prepair the
necessary contract in said matter.

At this time the Cemetery Committee reported to the Board that W.D. Watson the regular appointed
sexton of the Cemetery had served notice upon them that he intended to resign on the 22nd day of March
and further that he the said Watson had certain tools and implements as well as other material on the
ground belonging to him and that he would sell the same to the City at a reasonable price, where upon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the resignation of said sexton 
W.D. Watson be and the same is hereby accepted to take effect March 22nd 1916, and further that the
Cemetery Committee be and is hereby instructed to purchase any and all supplies belonging to said
W.D. Watson that will be of a benefit to said Cemetery and present his Bill for the same to this Board.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, and
Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the members of the Cemetery Committee then presented to the Board the proposal
of W.I. Roberts of said City to act as Sexton for Cemetery of Las Vegas, Nevada, and it appearing to
the Board that the Cemetery Committee is satisfied in every respect with said proposal of W.I. Roberts
to act as said sexton for said City at the sum of $50.00 per month, it was upon motion of Commissioner
Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the proposal of W.I. Roberts
be and the same is hereby accepted and further that the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to
draw up a contract embodying all of the rules and agreements of said proposal between the said Cemetery
Board and the said W.I. Roberts, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing the order heretofore issued by said
Board for the appearance of Carl Wasserbach to show cause why his license should not be revoked, and the
said Carl Wasserbach and Frank A. Wait City Policemen the complaining witness being present in the
person the Board proceeds to take up said matter, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of
the Board and after listing to the statement of all parties concerned in the matter it was ordered
upon motion being duly made and carried that this matter be laid over until the next regular 
meeting of the Board April the 5th, 1916. when final action will then be taken, the vote upon said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.