Block 1 of Wardie Addition, and the E½ of the W½ of Lots 29, 30, 31
and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, generally located on the south
side of Bridger, between Las Vegas Boulevard South and Sixth Street,
from C-1 to C-2, be held in abeyance and referred back to the Planning
Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Norman A. Jacobson
and stated this requested that a parcel of land east of the proposed
Junior High School and bounding on the Golf Course be reclassified
from R-E to R-1. Mr. Bills advised that the Planning Commission had
indicated preliminary approval of this subdivision and explained that
if this were zoned R-l there would be approximately three lots to an
acre, whereas, on an R-E zoning, there could be only two lots to an
acre.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Norman A. Jacobson for
reclassification of property legally described as the E½ of the SW¼ of
the NE¼ of Sec. 30, T20S, R6lE, M.D.B. & M., comprising approximately
20 acres, generally located on the North side of Washington Avenue,
approximately 660' West of Twin Lakes Village Subdivision, from R-E to
R-1 be approved, as recommended by the Planning Commission, and the
City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Grinnell Company
of the Pacific for reclassification of Lots 5 through 10, Block 3,

Moss Tract #2, generally located on the south side of Isabelle Avenue,
between 21st and 25th Streets, from R-1 to R-4. Mr. Bills explained
that these lots were in the middle of a block which is zoned R-1;
that, with the exception of two vacant lots, all other lots in the
immediate area had been developed with single family dwellings (some
within the past year); that to zone the 6 lots in question R-4 would
be incompatible with existing single family dwellings and, in addition,
would place an additional load on the sewer system, and it was the
recommendation of the Planning Commission that this application be
denied. Mr. Bills informed the Commission there were 63 protestants
to this proposed rezoning.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Grinnell Company of the
Pacific for reclassification of Lots 5 through 10, Block 3, Moss
Tract #2, generally located on the South side of Isabelle Avenue,
between 21st Street and 25th Street, from R-1 to R-4 be denied, as
recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the tentative map of Richfield Village #1,
submitted by O. J. Sherer.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Richfield Village #1,
generally located on the south side of San Francisco Avenue, West of
Rancho Road, submitted by O. J. Sherer, be approved, subject to the
following conditions, as recommended by the Planning Commission:

1.	The extension of the subdivision boundary along Teddy Drive to

the point where it connects the existing dedication on San
Francisco Avenue.

2.	Correction and addition of appropriate street names.

3.	Inclusion of all parcels within subdivision boundary which have

been marked "not a part of."

4.	Granting of utility easements outside the subdivision boundary.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His. Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the second revision of the tentative map
of the east ½ of Las Verdes Heights, generally located between Oakey
and San Francisco Avenue, west of Valley View, submitted by L. S.
Whaley.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of the east ½ of Las
Verdes Heights, submitted by L. S. Whaley, be approved, as recommended
by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

1-20-60

REZONING Z-42-59
Norman A. Jacobson
Approved

REZONING Z-43-59
Grinnell Company
Denied

RICHFIELD VILLAGE #1
Tentative Map
Approved

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS
Tentative Map
Second Revision
Approved