

A notice of claim and deman from the Administratrix of the estate of Elbira Negrete was

presented to the Board and read by the Clerk, asking the City to make settlement in the
sum of $5,000.00 for death of said Elbira Negrete.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that said notice of "Claim and Demand" be filed with the Clerk.

Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor passing
his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine license applications on file with the Clerk at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting Aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the following liquor and beverage licenses for the year 1941 be granted:

Boulder Liquor Store Selaed package liquor license $243.75
C.V.T. Gilbert Sealed package liquor license	162 50

Ted Konduris Retail Beverage License
Verna Williams	"	"

Vegas Sweet Shoppe "	"

White Spot Cafe	"	"

Earl Noon	"	"

Vote Commissioners' Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting Aye. Mis Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

A letter from Al Drew asking for $25.00 to cover traveling expenses to Los Angeles to attend
a meeting of the S.W. Section of the Electrical Inspectors Ass'n. was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that this amount not be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that a Resolution of the Board of Commissioners adopted March 4th, 1940 be rescinded.

Said Resolution reading as follows:

"On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried 

that the City maintain a schedule of $35.00 per night for use of War Memorial Building
when same would be rented to individuals or associations of persons.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none."

And that the Street Commissioner Ronnow be placed in charge of said building and rates
until the next meeting of the Board and at that time present to the Board of form of schedules
to be charged for the rent of said War Memorial Building.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell passing
his vote.

A.W. Blackman, City Auditor presented to the Board the form of Budger for the year 1941
also copies of the annual report for the year 1940. No action was taken on the Budget but same
was left on file with the Clerk so same might be studied by any interested person.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Signal Oil Co for purchase of gasoline for the City of Las Vegas for the
year 1941 be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

No further business appearing before the meeting at this time on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess
until Thursday the 23rd day of January, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
passing his vote.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 23rd day of January 1941 at the hour
of seven thirty P.M.