OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 2, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the second day of September, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p.m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, Roy Neagle,
and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Mr. W. C. Brackern and Leo A. McNamee were present representing the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following resolu-
tion was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that that certain resolution adopted by this Board on
the 17th day of August 1927, granting a permit to Las Vegas Land and Water
Company, the right to use the avenues, alleys, and streets of the Original
Townsite of the City of Las Vegas for the construction and maintenance of
a water system be and the same is hereby rescinded and annulled.

The vote on motion and resolution was as follows: Commissioners Neagle,

German, Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The draft of an Ordinance granting to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company a franchise
to construct and maintain a water system in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas was presented
and read to the Board. After a discussion of said Ordinance the following preambles and
resolution were adopted:

WHEREAS, the Original Townsite of Las Vegas has no water available to sup-
ply the inhabitants therein nor water available for fire protection, and
WHEREAS, Las Vegas Land and Water Company is willing to extend its water
mains and provide an adequate water supply to the inhabitants of said
Original Townsite of Las Vegas, and to provide water for fire protection
immediately upon the passage of an ordinance authorizing the use of the
streets, alleys and public grounds in said original townsite of Las Vegas,
and

WHEREAS, such water supply to the said inhabitants and for fire protection
is immediately needed, and an emergency exists therefor.

IT IS HEREBY declared that an emergency exists for the immediate passage
of this ordinance.

The vote on the foregoing preambles and resolution was as follows: Com-
missioners Neagle, German, Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved for the passage of said Ordinance #126, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy. Vote on said Ordinance was as follows: Commissioners Neagle, German, Mundy, Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mr. Leo A. McNamee requested an extension of 90 days time to Richmond
Hotel Company.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 1, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of September, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

	

Meeting called to order by the Mayor. Minutes of previous meeting read and approved

All claims allowed as shown in the Claim and Warrant Register in the office of the Clerk,

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that all the moneys

collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of August, 1927 be apportioned as follows 


to-wit: $831.5, to the General Fund and $831.50 to the Police & Fire Fund.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting

adjourn until September 2nd, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.