SERVICE LEAGUE	Members of the Service League of Las Vegas presented to the City Commission

 PARK	tentative plans for the development of a "Service League Park" to be located on

a part of the site presently designated as "Lions Club Park" and consisting of
Discussion	a "Fantasy Park" for the entertainment and amusement of all the children of the

community to he constructed substantially at Service League expense and upon
completion, be delivered to the City of Las Vegas for its administration. Included
in these plans was the construction of a small animal zoo. The third phase of their
proposal was the leasing of a portion of the site area from the City of Las Vegas
for the eventual construction of a building to be designated "Welfare Center"
for the housing of their facilities and for the further development of their
welfare activities.

After some discussion a meeting between the Service League, Lions Clubs and the
City Commission was scheduled to be held at 9:30 A.M. October 12, 1959, in the
Mayor's Office so these proposed plans could be worked out between these two
groups.

REMODEL CENTRAL	This item was not taken up at this meeting.

FIRE STATION

REMODEL 2ND FLOOR	This item was not taken up at this meeting.

CITY HALL

BADLAND PARK	Commissioner Elwell moved the offer of the Shrine Club to install $1,500 to

PLAYGROUND 	$2,000 worth of playground equipment in the newly developed picnic area at

EQUIPMENT	Hadland Park be accepted and the erecting of a sign at that area in recognition

 of their donation be approved.

Shrine Club

Donation	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
Accepted	noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

PURCHASE	Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Planning Director for Purchase

REQUISITION	Requisition #6707 in the estimated amount of $1,600 to Brimmies Printing; 207

S. Main; Las Vegas; for 1000 copies of text and maps for the General Master
Publication of	Plan be approved on the basis of low bid.

Master Plan

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

ROTARY PARK	The Commission considered the request from the Public Works Department for 

Additional Fill	permission to increase the work order in the amount of $2,400 and to receive informal

bids to be opened October 20, 1959, for additional fill at the Rotary Park. The
Approved to 	Park Department requested this over and above the original work order by virtue of

Receive Informal	the underlying caliche.

Bids

Commissioner Whipple moved the work order for Rotary Club Park be. increased and
permission to receive informal bids to be opened October 20,1959, for additional
fill be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes;	none.	Absent:	Commissioner	Sharp.

ACTING CITY	Commissioner Fountain moved the appointment of Lillian Fleury as Acting City

LIBRARIAN	Librarian effective October 1, 1959, be approved.

Lillian Fleury	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Appointed	Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes;	none.	Absent:	Commissioner	Sharp.

ANNUAL AUDIT	Commissioner Fountain moved the request to send invitations to bid for the annual

Invitation to Bid	City Audit for the year 1958-59 be approved.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes;	none.	Absent:	Commissioner	Sharp.

PAY & 	Commissioner Fountain moved an amendment to the Pay & Classification Plan adopted

CLASSIFICATION PLAN	by the City Commission on July 2, 1958, establishing a new classification entitled

AMENDMENT	"Legal Secretary," Schedule 27 with starting salary of $407, be approved.

Legal Secretary	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
Approved	noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

NATIONAL 	Planning Director Bills extended an invitation for the Mayor or one of the 

ASSOCIATION OF HOUSING &	Commissioners	to attend the National Association of Housing & Redevelopment which is

REDEVELOPMENT	to be held in Cincinnati, Ohio, on October 18 - 21, 1959. Mr. Bills added two

CONFERENCE	members of the Urban Renewal Staff would also be attending and that Urban Renewal

Funds were allocated for this purpose.

His Honor Mayor Gragson stated arrangements would be made for one of them to make
this trip.

URBAN RENEWAL	Coordinator of Urban Renewal, Franklin Bills, advised the Commission the time was

"PROJECT MADISON	fast approaching to complete the final plans for "Project Madison School" and asked

SCHOOL"	if the Commission could meet with them on Thursday, October 15, 1959, to go over

Meeting	the fundamental elements of this Urban Renewal plan.

October 15, 1959

His Honor Mayor Gragson set the time for this meeting at 2:00 P.M., Thursday;

October 15, 1959, in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	His Honor Mayor Gragson stated the proposed Child Welfare Ordinance would be

Child Welfare Ord.	considered for adoption at a Special Meeting to be held at 9:00 A.M., Monday;

October 12, 1959, in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall. This proposed ordinance
Continued	was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City

to	Commissioners held July 1, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain and

Oct. 12, 1959	Whipple; committee for recommendation.

10-7-59