Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple commented that hereafter no action on any variances should
be made without a public hearing.

Commissioners Jarrett and Peccole were appointed to attend a meeting with the
property owners and those concerned to formulate a plan to work out a solution
to this problem.

RIDGEVIEW SUBDIVISION	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated November 21, 1951 con-

Tract No. 4—Final Map	cerning the final map on Ridgeview Tract No. 4, was presented to the Board for their

	consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Plan-
ning Commission the final map of Ridgeview Tract No. 4 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHRIDGE SUBDIVISION	At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated November

Tract No. 5 - Final Map	21, 1951 concerning the final map on Southridge Tract No. 5, was presented to the

Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Plan-
ning Commission the final map on Southridge Subdivision, Tract No. 5 be approved
subject to the filing of the required performance bond and the subdivider enter-
ing into the proper agreement with the City, thereafter the Mayor and City Clerk 
authorized to sign said map.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOSPITAL CARE - City Jail	At this time Mr. Jesse Whipple and Mr. Baker of the Hospital Board and Mr. Caterer,

Inmates	Superintendent of the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital were present to discuss the

matter of the money paid by the City for hospitalization and medical care of Jail
	inmates.

Discussion was held and thereafter the City Manager, Commissioner Bunker and Commis-
sioner Jarrett were requested to meet with Mr. Caterer and the Hospital Board to
discuss this matter further and report back to the Board.

SUPPLYING OF ELECTRICITY	City Attorney Howard W. Cannon made a report on his recent trip to Carson City to

Southern Nevada Power Co.	discuss with the Public Service Commission the recent order of the Southern Nevada

Power Company on electric heating units in the city of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Attorney be instructed to write to the
Public Service Commission requesting that their order of November 9, 1951 be res-
cinded or held in abeyance and they proceed immediately to hold a public hearing in
the City of Las Vegas to determine the sufficiency of the request of the Southern
Nevada Power Company to limit heating in the city of Las Vegas; also to make deter-
mination if the Southern Nevada Power Company should furnish power continuously as
the City grows; and that their action of allowing the Power Company to issue such
an order without a public hearing is protested by this Commission

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,

ZONE VARIANCE -	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated November 16, 1951 concerning 

Earl Turmon	the request of Earl Turman to construct and maintain two additional units on three

	lots located at 715 Monroe Street, was presented to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be approved, and the variance granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, .Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Pettie Taylor	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated November 16, 1951 con-

cerning the request of Pettie Taylor to construct and maintain multiple units on
	two lots at 701 Washington Street, was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
approved, and the variance granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the .following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION - Vacation of	A petition for the vacation of the alley in Block 20, Ladd's Addition, was presented

Alley - Ladd's Addition	at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved this petition be referred to the Plaining Commission for
investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE CARS -	The City Manager presented a proposal of Tanner Motor Tours to furnish automobiles

Tanner Motors Proposal	for the Police Department on a rental basis.

The Commission requested time to study this matter before considering it.