Commissioner Clark moved that the following refunds on bonds and licenses to
electrical contractors be allowed:

Vance Electric Company, $100 bond, $50 on license

Gunn Electric Company $100 bond

O'Donnell Electric Co. $100 and Claude Atherton $100 on bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Comm-
issioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Mayor be excused for the purpose of directing
work on a searching party for a T. W. A. Plane reported lost near Blue Diamond, and that
the Mayor Pro Tem act in his place. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Commissioner Clark be allowed to purchase two
four way signals in the amount of $140 and $149.40. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor
the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Al Drew, city electrician be permitted to attend
a meeting of the Southwestern Chapter of the International Association of Electrical
Inspectors at Compton, California on January 27th and 28, 1942 and that he be allowed
his actual expenses. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes,
none.

His Honor, Pat Clark, Mayor pro tem, directed the city clerk to write a letter
to the Board of County Commissioners asking their cooperation relative to hiring an
engineer on the planning board for the county and city.

The report of the City Attorney on matters heretofore submitted to him was
read and filed.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Mayor pro tem and the city clerk be authorized



to execute a certain agreement between the American Legion Post No. 8, and the City of Las
rescinding certain sections of a prior agreement. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the report of the city attorney be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
 Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city attorney institute abatement proceed-
ings against the Murry court. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor, the mayor pro tem voting aye.
Noes, none.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the second reading of the proposed milk ordinance be held over
until February 4th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city attorney be instructed to draw up
an ordinance repealing Ordinance 263 prohibiting prostitution within the city limits and
for one mile outside of said city designating the meadows. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.
Noes, none.

The report of Dr. Newman was presented at this time. Commissioner Rubidoux
moved that the report of Dr. Newman be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner