Motion was made by Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Farnsworth, to authorize and
instruct the City Fire Chief to ask North Las Vegas to set a tentative price on the old
Ford Fire Truck now owned by the City, and for which North Las Vegas has has shown in-
tentions to negotiate for. Vote on same being Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor
the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None ( Down Being Absent.)

There being no further business before the meeting at this time, the meeting then
recessed until Thursday June 27th, at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JUNE 27th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on the 27th, day of June, 1935.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Down, Franworth, Marble,
and Ward together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time E.W. Nungesser appeared before the Board in regard to securing paving of
oil bound gravel for the alley in the rear of his residence at No fifth St. He was informed
that if the City was able to secure additional materials from the Highway Dept. of the State
of Nevada that the alley would be paved when money covering the cost of same was filed with
the City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of property
owners on the "Westside" asking that the City install a well and pipe lines for the residents
of that district.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the petition be given Jas. H. Down, Water Sewer and Light Commissioner for investigation
of the need of supplying water to that district.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The next order of business appearing before the Board was the granting of gaming and
slot machine licenses for the third quarter year.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the Las Vegas Club be granted four slot machine licenses, two card game licenses and
six devices including one "Keno" game for one hundred fifty chairs.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the
MAyor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that Lewis Pecetti be granted on slot machine license for the Fountain Grill.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following liquor licenses
for the third quarter year were granted:

Patrick Cline, sealed packages only 120½ South ,1st St.

Patrick Cline, 5½% retail beverage, 120- South 1st St.

Walter Theiss, 5½% retail beverage, 114 No. 1st St.

A.E. King Ellison 5½% beverage (retail) 301 No. Main St.

Stanley Gawecki, 5½%	"	" De Lux Auto Camp.

A.F.Smith Jr. and J.P Johnson, tavern license 113 No. 1st St.

Vote was as follows; Commissioner Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The appointing of a Deputy City Attorney was next considered and upon motion of Commissioner
Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that A.W. Ham be appointed as deputy
City Attorney. To hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners, and without compen-
sation from the City.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworths, it was moved and
carried that the bond of the Deputy City Attorney be placed at One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars.
That premium on sid bond be paid by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.