LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
OCTOBER 16, 1941

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of October , 1941.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison with the following members present:
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux. Paul Ralli, City Attorney. Helen Scott, City
Clark and LeRoy Whipple, Deputy City Clerk.

Minutes of October 4th and 10th were read.

It was ORDERED that the Minutes of October 10th be corrected to show that His Honor Howell C.
Garrison voted yes on the enforcement of Ordinance 194 instead of no, as shown. FURTHER ORDERED
that the Minutes be corrected on Page 381 regarding the cleaning of vacant lots in the city of
Las Vegas as follows: That Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed to hire a man at a wage not to
exceed .62½¢ an hour to post notices on vacant lots and to check the owners thereof.

FURTHER ORDERED that the Minuted of the 16th be amended to show that the salary of the city
engineer and city building inspector was raised from $150 to $200.

Thereafter, the Minutes were approved as corrected.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that that certain Resolution pertaining to the granting of
a certain site of land to the United States Government for a Recreational Center be amended
as follows:

AMENDED RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the United States of America has requested Recreation Centers to be built near or
adjacent to camp sites, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has two camp sites located near the city, McCarran Field and
Camp Sibert, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has city owned land set aside for Recreation: on which a suit-
able site can be allocated for this purpose,

IT IS THEREFORE RESOLVED by the Council of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada as follows:

That the Council goes on record as authorizing the grant of the after described land, to the
United States of America in consideration of $1 (one dollar) such land being described as
follows:

Commencing at the intersection of the centerlines of Fifth and Stewart Streets as said
streets are shown on Clark's Las Vegas Township man, thence N 61°47'W 420 feet to a point;
thence N 28˚13' E, 40 feet to the true point of beginning; thence N 28°13'E, 110 feet;
thence N 61°41' W, 200 feet; thence S 28°13' W, 110 feet to a point which is common to the
S. E. corner of the site of the Federal Building, thence S 61˚47' E 200 feet to the true
point of beginning.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Dr. Newman appeared before the Board at this time and explained the duties of a health officer.

His Honor at this time appointed Dr. Newman City Health officer. The city attorney stated
that the appointment of Dr. Newman did not interfere with the present milk inspector.

Commissioner Smith made amotion that the Board authorize the remittance of $1250.00 to the
Clark County Health Center as their quarterly quota. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Major Hugland appeared before the Board requesting the reservation by the City for the use of
the War Department the following described land.

The West half (W½) of Section 4, Township 20 South, Range 62 E; and

All of Section 33, Township 19 South, Range 62 East.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the request of the War Department be granted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the Following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute
City Warrants numbered 584 to 588 inclusive. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

A petition signed by certain property owners requesting the Board to vacate a portion of
the plat of Buol's Addition to the City of Las Vegas was presented at this time and same
was referred to the city attorney.



Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the bill of A. L. Worswick in the sum of $141.98 for architectural services
be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.

Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a report as the record appearing in the Minutes regarding the leasing
of certain land for the Western Air Express. The matter was Ordered tabled pending further
investigation.

A protest signed by several property owners protesting a certain trailer court between 117
and 125 S. 4th was read and same was referred to the Police Commissioner for investigation.

A letter was read from Honorable E. P. Carville, Governor of Nevada, regarding the application
for an emergency loan. Same was ORDERED filed.