by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux
and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of the "Sportland" for slot
machine license be held over until the meeting of February 4th, 1942. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Due to an emergency, Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for two automobiles
for the police department and that said bids be returned before 12:00 Noon, Saturday,

January 17th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a superintendent be hired for the collection of
garbage and for the fees therefor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a carpenter be hired to fix the shoots at the

rodeo grounds. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a blade be purchased as an emergency from Mr. Tiffany of
Phoenix, Arizona for $5,700.00. Said blade to be delivered in Las Vegas. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and
the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A communication from the city engineer was read at this time.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendation of the city engineer that
Mr. Rathbun be hired to make a survey to establish proof of beneficial use of the water from
the city well on the gravel pit property, together with the necessary map and affidavit, to
cost not move than $75.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the follow-
ing vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let on the city dump and that in the
meantime a man be hired to handle said dump. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until Tuesday, January 20th,

1942 a t the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 20, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 20th day of
January, 1942.

Meeting called to order by Mayor pro tem, Pat Clark with the following members
present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux. City Attorney, Paul Ralli, City

Clerk, Helen Scott. Absent: Howell C. Garrison.

Minutes of the meeting of the 16th were read.

It was ORDERED that the Minutes be corrected to show that reading of the proposed
milk ordinance was delayed subject to the request of the distributors. Thereafter, the
Minutes were approved as corrected.