The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. Murray
H. Phillipson for variance to build an addition to an existing veterinary hospital 
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE - (V-5-58)	Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Ralph LaCanna for variance to

Dr. Ralph LaCanna	construct and maintain a combination commercial building and upstairs hotel rooms

	at 302 Lewis Street (Lots 14 through 16, Block 28, Clarks Las Vegas Townsite) in

a C-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised that this application was denied by the Board of
Zoning Adjustment on the grounds that the off-street parking is insufficient. He
stated that the proposed structure would contain three large offices, eleven
small offices, plus twenty-four hotel rooms, and the total off-street parking
available is nine spaces.

Dr. LaCanna advised the Commission that he has made tentative arrangements to
lease four lots in the 400 block of South 2nd Street.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be held in abeyance until May 21,

1958, to see if arrangements can be made to purchase parking facilities closer
to this location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REQUEST FOR VACATION	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of St. Anne's Catholic Church for the 

OF EASEMENTS	vacation of public utility easements in Blocks 18 and 19 of Huntridge Tract No. 4

be referred to the Planning Commission and Engineering Department for 
Huntridge Tract No. 4 		recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY SCHOOL	The Commission considered the request of the Clark County School District for 

DISTRICT	acquisition of approximately 15 acres of land at the southeast comer of the 

Acquisition of Land	intersection of 28th add Stewart Streets.

City Manager Kennedy presented a plot plan showing the proposed location of the
School buildings and advised the Commission that the County and City can work
out a joint program for the improvement of the access streets whereby the
County will furnish gravel and equipment if the City will purchase the road oil.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Clark County School District to 
acquire approximately 15 acres of land at the southeast comer of Stewart and 28th
Streets for the construction of a new Junior High School be approved subject to
street rights-of-way, exchange of property and required agreements.

Commissioner Sharp declared that his firm is the architect for the School District,
and thereafter seconded the motion which carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:45
P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

SUPPLY CONTRACTS	Director of Public Works Sauer requested permission to advertise for bids for

Bids to be Secured	the following supply contracts:

1.	Tires and tubes

2.	Gasoline

3.	Diesel & Fuel Oils

4.	Lubricants

5. Electric Lamps

6. Grass seed and fertilizer

7. Pest Control Contract

Commissioner Whipple moved that bids for the above listed supply contracts be 
advertised, to be opened June 4, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

OWENS AVENUE	The Director of Public Works requested permission to advertise for bids for the

IMPROVEMENT	surfacing of Owens Avenue from H Street to Cherokee Lane. Mr. Sauer stated that

Bids to be Secured	this surface will be an inch and a half of concrete paving and is a temporary improvement 

	until the area is developed, at which time the developer will be required

to install the permanent improvement.

Commissioner Whipple moved that bids be advertised for the installation of paving
on Owens Avenue from "H" Street to Cherokee Lane.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE STATION	Mr. Sauer requested permission to secure bids for the extension of the west wing

ADDITION	of the Police Station, said addition to be 48' x 33½, at an estimated cost of

Bids to be Secured	$9,500.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that bids be advertised for the addition to the west
wing of the Police Station to be opened June 4, 1958, said addition to be known
as the Laundry Room.

5-7-58