RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

EE IT RESOLVED; this 10th day of July, 1956; by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 28th day of June,
1956, executed by Las Vegas Union School District now known as the Clark County School 
District to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Commission considered the quitclaim deed from the Home Investment Co.
of Long Beach, California for a portion of 25th Street at the intersection of Bonanza
Road.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made: 

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 1st
day of June, 1956, executed by Home Investment Company of Long Beach, California, to the 
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Shirley Ballinger for right-of-way on Pinto
Lane at the intersection of Rose Street.	

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 27th day of
June, 1956, executed by Shirley Ballinger, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the easement for sewer along the northerly five (5) feet of
lot 16, Block 2, Biltmore Addition dedicated by J. V. and Mattie Giasson.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried	

unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 29th day of
March, 1956, executed by Joseph V. Giasson and Mattie E. Giasson, husband and wife, to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the agreement from the Union Pacific Railroad Company
concerning the deeding of an easement for Highland Drive between Bonanza Road and
Charleston Boulevard.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the reason the Union Pacific presented the
dedication in the form of an easement instead of a right-of-way deed was as follows:

1. In order to grant a deed to the City, the three railroad companies, namely the
UPRR, Salt Lake and Oregon lines would have to negotiate and place the property
up for sale.

2.	The UPRR was willing to agree that in the event the City creates an assessment
district for the improvement of Highland Drive, that upon proper notice, they
will install and pay for said improvements. Further, in the event the UPRR does
not comply with this provision of the agreement, the City can assess them when
an improvement district is formed.

3.	The proposed easement would grant the City permission to have right-of-way for
streets, water, sewer and all public utilities.

Thereafter Mr. Kennedy recommended that the proposed agreement with the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company be approved and signatures authorized conditioned upon the receipt of the ease-
ment from this company.

25th Street

Pinto Lane

Biltmore Addition



HIGHLAND DRIVE
Agreement with UPRR
For Easement