BILTMORE BONDS -
Bid Accepted 

RECESS



BID NO. 50.1



PUBLIC HEARING -
Assessment District
#200-3

This being the time set for the opening of bids on the City of Las Vegas Biltmore
Street Lighting Improvement Bonds, the following bid was received:

January 10, 1950

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
and the Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

As per the Notice of Sale of the City of Las Vegas Biltmore Street
Lighting Improvement Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $12,528.56,

I hereby submit my bid for the entire issue, for the entire amount at par,
at an interest rate of 5% per annum, payable semi-annually.

Certified check of 5% of the amount accompanies this bid.

Very truly yours,

/s/ E. A. MacCornack by
HWC

eam/am j

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bid of Mr. E. A. McCornack
be accepted subject to the approval of the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved this meeting recess until 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The meeting was called to order at the hour of 8:10 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin
with all members present as of the opening session.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid #50.1, automobiles for the Police and
Fire Departments, His Honor announced that this opening would be deferred until the
next regular meeting of the Board on January 20, 1950.

This being the time and place set for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections re-
lative to the proposed improvement in Assessment District #200-3 as proposed in Ordin-
ance No. 392, the following notice was read.

NOTICE

SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-3 

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, hereby declares its determination to install a sanitary sewer system in the
Meadows Addition to the City of Las Vegas which includes all of the property embraced
in the following described premises, to-wit:	The East one-half (E§) of the Southeast

quarter (SE½) of Section four (4) Township 21, Range 61 East, Mount Diablo Base Meridian.

The cost and expense of making the improvements described in the foregoing
paragraph shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to the benefits
against the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special
assessment district as created by Ordinance #392. Diagrams and estimates of cost are
on file in the office of the City Clerk.

The Board has set Tuesday, the 10th day of January, 1950, at the hour of
8:00 P.M., as the time for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections that may be
made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, said hearing to be held in
the Council Chambers in the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets,
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

Dated this 27th day of December, 1949.

Thereafter City Engineer W. C. Anderson explained the two proposed plans. The first
plan was to put the sewer mains in the alleys and the second plan was to place them
in the streets. Mr. Anderson stated that the total estimated cost to put the sewer
in the alleys is $99,615.03 and the estimated cost to put the sewer in the streets

is $84,211.30.

His Honor asked if there were any present who wished to object to this improvement.

One property owner present objected to the placing of the sewer in the street. After
discussion was held a vote was taken to see how many wished the sewer mains in the
streets or the alleys, the vote being as follows:

Those wanting the Sewer in the Alley	8

Those wanting the Sewer in the Street	17

There being no further objections to this Assessment .District His Honor stated this
Assessment District No. 200-3 was approved and the City Attorney was instructed to com-
mence proceedings for this improvement.