CITIZENS COMMITTEE ON
RENEWAL AND DEVELOPMENT

Organization Approved

NO PARKING ZONE

East side of Bruce, be-
tween Stewart and
Bonanza

Approved

REZONING Z-44-59
L. S. Whaley

Approved

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Request for Rezoning
of Parcels 1 and 2

Held in Abeyance

Planning Director Bills stated this was the recommended proposal for
setting in motion a City-wide Committee of Urban Renewal and Development
which is not to conflict with or supersedes the Urban Renewal Advisory
Committee presently operating in connection with the Westside project. Mr.
Bills informed the Commission this Committee would have a much broader look
at the total situation, and that the proposal, generally, was to ask the
leaders of different groups or organizations to discuss this among them-
selves and recommend to the Mayor and the Board a representative from their
group to be a member of this Committee. Mr. Bills advised that this method
was strongly recommended by other communities and that he had heard
considerable about it in Cincinnati. He went on to say that the Committee
would be comprised of 20 persons, 16 of whom would be selected in the
manner outlined above, and 4 of whom would be selected by the Board of
Directors of the Committee.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a Citizens Committee on Renewal and
Development be organized as outlined by Planning Director Bills.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the recommendation of the Traffic and
Parking Commission that a no parking zone be installed on the east side of
Bruce Street, between Stewart and Bonanza, from 6 A.M. to 6 P.M.

Mr. Bills explained that Bruce Street is designated as a secondary major
street; that due to additional activity in the Greater Las Vegas Tract and
Rancho High School, traffic is building up surprisingly on this street; that
because this section was developed in connection with older subdivisions,
the City only has a 60' right-of-way on Bruce Street, between Stewart and
Bonanza. Mr. Bills advised that traffic which is flowing freely on Bruce
Street south of Stewart and north of Bonanza is bottlenecked in this area
between Stewart and Bonanza and, therefore, it was the recommendation of
the Traffic and Parking Commission that the requested no parking zone be
installed. Mr. Bills informed the Commission that 19 property owners were
involved, all of whom had been contacted, and only 2 of these property
owners indicated any disapproval. He stated, further, that, for the most
part, the homes in this area fronted on side streets.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a no parking zone be installed on the east
side of Bruce Street, between Stewart and Bonanza from 6 A.M. to 6 P.M., as
recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

The next matter presented by Planning Director Bills was the application of
L. S. Whaley & Sons for reclassification of the southeast corner of Las
Verdes Heights Tract from R-1 to C-C. Mr. Bills stated that a detailed plot
plan had been submitted by L. S. Whaley & Sons, which had been checked as far

as parking, ingress and egress are concerned, and met all requirements and
qualifications. Although it was not contemplated to get this building
program under way for approximately two years, it was desired to get
approval on this rezoning now, to avoid any objections later on, by virtue
of the fact that people buying homes would know that a shopping center would
be built later. Mr. Bills concluded by saying that the Planning Commission
recommended approval of this rezoning.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of L. S. Whaley & Sons for
reclassification of property legally described as a portion of the SE¼ of the
SE¼ of Sec. 6, T21S, R61E from R-1 to C-C be approved and the City Attorney
instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that at a previous meeting a
letter had been presented from the Housing Authority, requesting a zone
change in two areas which are adjacent to the west of Marble Manor, which
go back to within 192' of Highland Drive, and which will be a buffer zone
between Highland Drive and the building project. Mr. Kennedy advised that
since then he had received a letter from the Housing Authority, offering to
sell this buffer zone to the City; that this matter had been checked into
and he could see no reason for the City buying it.

Attorney Herman M. Adams inquired if this was the next matter on the
agenda and stated he would like to ask if the Housing Authority had submitted
a new application or if this was a continuation of the application of the
Catholic Church.

City Manager Kennedy replied that this was not an application from the
Housing Authority, merely a letter from the Housing Authority which had been
held over from a previous meeting.

Attorney Adams then inquired if an application had been made to the Planning
Commission, and asked if it was not proper that application be made to the
Planning Commission first.

1-20-60