Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Fountain.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission the following negotiated bids had been re-
ceived for the concrete work in Hyde Park Circle, which includes the sidewalk, curb
and gravel:

MCCOLLEY & KRAFT	$3827.00	(No gravel)

STOCKS MILL & SUPPLY	4068.00

OKLA B. DYE	3701.00

E.M. KAUFIELD & SON	3399.10

Mr. Wade recommended that the low bid of E.M. Kaufield & Son be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the concrete work for Hyde Park Circle, to include
the sidewalks, curbs and gravel be awarded to the low bidder, E.M. Kaufield and Son
in the total amount of $3,399.10.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Fountain.

The City Engineer reported that bids for blow sand had been received. He advised the
Commission that approximately 2200 cubic yards was required for this improvement. Mr.
Wade stated the bids received were as follows:

O'Connor's	  $3.27 per cubic yard

Custom Landscaping	2.25	"	"	"

Garden Center	5.75	"	"

Wells-Cargo	1.00	"	"	"

Las Vegas Landscaping	2.8l	"

Commissioner Whipple moved that the blow sand for Hyde Park Circle be awarded to the
low bidder, Wells Cargo, Inc., the same being 2200 cubic yards @ 1.00 per cubic yard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Mr. Wade reported that the grass seed required for the improvement of Hyde Park Circle
was as follows:

2066# of Alta Fescue
1652# of Perennial Rye
4l3# of Bermuda

The City Engineer stated that the following firms had submitted proposals for seed:

Total Bid

GARDEN CENTER	$954.92

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	828.28

Commissioner Sharp moved the bid of Clark County Wholesale for grass seed for the im-
provement of Hyde Park Circle in the total amount of $828.28 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commis-
sioner Fountain.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that two bids had been negotiated for the
fertilizer for Hyde Park Circle, and were as follows:

GARDEN CENTER	$ 6.50 per cubic yard, steer manure

62.00 per ton, fertilizer

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	4.95 per cubic yard, steer manure

57.00 per ton, fertilizer

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid of Clark County Wholesale for approximately four (4)
tons of manure @57.00 per ton or a total of $228.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

At this time Assistant City Ralston Hawkins arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pay for the election workers and poll guards for the
Primary and General Municipal. Elections on May 7th and June 4th, 1957 he in accordance
with the State law governing elections.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a list of the registered voters be published prior to
the Primary Municipal Election on May 7, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the escrow instructions, the
agreement and the deed conveying five acres of City property at te Old Ranch to the
Eagles Lodge.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker not voting. Absent:

Commissioner Fountain.

Hyde Park Circle
Concrete Work

Blowsand
Grass Seed

Fertilizer



ELECTION WORKERS

PAY



LIST OF REGISTERED
VOTERS

To be Published

SALE OF CITY PROPERTY
Eagles Lodge