At this time the Board allowed a few claims as shown by the claims and warrants register in
the office of the Clerk.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the oper-
ation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that
the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of O. M. Cowden for a license for the oper-
ation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that
the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the oper-
ation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that
the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of C. Aguirre and Joe Guzman for a license for
the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved
by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered
that the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented to the Board the following Acceptance of Ordinance:

ACCEPTANCE OF ORDINANCE.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

That Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation, organized
and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, does
hereby accept that certain Ordinance No. 126 and all of the provisions
thereof approved and adopted September 2, 1927, by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Las Vegas Land and Water Company has
caused these presents to be duly executed by its duly authorized officers
and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed this 14th day of September,

1927.

LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY

BY Walter R. Bracken	

Its Vice-President.	

ATTEST:

C. K. Bloom

ITS SECRETARY

(SEAL)

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy and unanimously carried,
said Acceptance of Ordinance was approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented a letter from the City Planning Commission in which was in-
cluded their report and recommendations for the re-naming of certain streets in certain additions
to the City of Las Vegas. After some consideration this matter was laid over for final disposit-
ion.

The Clerk then presented a letter from Las Vegas, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce concerning the
purchase of certain acreage for Fair Grounds and Air Field purposes. After some discussion this
matter was laid over for final disposition.

The Clerk then read the Financial report of the Boulder Canyon Air-Ways Inc., a corporation.
The same was ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.