Page 3

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 22, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of January, 1947. Meeting called to
order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:30	

P.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of December 7, 9,

13, 21, and 30, 1946 and January 7, 1947, be approved by	

reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,	

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 1028-

1038 inc. and 1043 to 1045 inc. in the net sum of $21,220.26
be approved and the Mayor and city Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants

WARRANTS	Nos. 1027- and 1039 to 1041 inc. in the amount of $98,147.99

be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign	

same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

0.	J.	SCHERER	—	Commissioner	Clark moved that	0. J. Scherer be permitted	to

Industrial	Tract	to furnish a	bond running for	two years in accordance with

Re:	Bond	the recommendation of the Planning Commission as submitted to

the Board of City Commissioners on June 26, 1946 and as approved
by the Board	at their regular	meeting held July 5, 1946.

Said bond to	be filed at the time of the filing of their	final map

of their Industrial Tract sub-division.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DISCHARGE OF ANDREW	Commissioner Clark moved that Board approve the action of the

JOE HARRIS	City Manager taken regarding the discharge of Andrew Joe Harris,

Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE STATION &	Commissioner Clark moved that	the Board approve the action of

CITY JAIL	the City Manager in approving	Change Order #5 on the City Jail

Change Order #5	and Police Station, building,	which is as follows?

In lieu of plywood forms called for in the specifications for the forming of concrete
walls, lnx 10 sheathing shall be used.

All joints shall be flush, parallel and plumb. As joints progress around building all
shall be continuous. Staggered or offset joints shall not be acceptable. Where
sheathing joints are not adjacent the concrete shall be honed down to match. Caution
shall be taken to avoid buckling or spreading of forms. End Joints of sheathing
shall occur on jamb lines each side of doors and windows. Where end joints have to
occur between doors or windows, they shall be honed smooth. As a whole the finished
appearance shall be acceptable in every way to the Owner and Architect.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION --	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner

Accepting Deed --	Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution is

Rancho Drive	adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 22nd day of January, 1947 by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 22nd day
of June, 1946, executed by the Board of County Commissioners, Clark County, Nevada, and
recorded as Instrument No. 227589 in Book 43, pg. 490 of Deeds in Clark County, Nevada
Records to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada. And that the real
property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth, and

BE	IE	FURTHER	RESOLVED	that a copy of this Resolution be	recorded in	the office of

the County	Recorder	of	the	County of Clark, State	of Nevada, and filed in	the records

of this Board.

OLD POLICE STATION

SITE

P. 0. Silvagni	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be directed to

draw up an agreement	between the	City of Las	Vegas and P.O.

Silvagni whereby the	City of Las	Vegas would	turn over the old

Police Station site to Mr. Silvagni not later than June 30,

