to the City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BUSINESS LICENSE	At this time Mr. E. T. Silva, represented by Mr. Wm. Coulthard, appeared before the

E.T. Silva	Board regarding the business license of the Morvay Building Supply.

Morvay Bldg. Supply

	Mr. Lloyd Holberg of the Home Lumber Company also appeared before the Board pro-

testing the methods used by Mr. Silva in this business.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until the next
meeting on March 17, 1954, and in the meantime Mr. Silva be instructed to find an
appropriate place of business; further that the inspection departments of the City
preclude Mr. Silva from conducting business out of his home forthwith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FINAL PAYMENT	Commissioner Bunker moved the final payment to Shock Electric, on Assessment District

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT 100-11 No. 100-11 in the total amount of $1,240.88 be approved and the	Mayor	and	Clerk	autho-

Shock Electric	rized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYMENT NO. 3		Commissioner Sharp moved that Payment No. 3 to Ralph 0. Dixson on Schedules B & C

SCHEDULES B & C	of Sewer Improvement Program in the total amount of $36,837.05 be approved and the

Ralph O. Dixson	Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Shap, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REMODELING OF CITY HALL The proposal of an architect for services on remodeling of City Hall was held in
Proposal - Architect  abeyance.

SEWAGE PLUMBING PLANT	At this time the Board considered the matter of	the	contract and	specifications	for

Opening of Bids Set	the Sewage Pumping Plant, to be located in Sec.	36,	T20S, R61E.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the opening of bids be set for April 7, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner:

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FINAL MAP	 Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Charleston Heights be held in abeyance

Charleston Heights	until March 17, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING Deeds for street purposes on 25th Street were presented at this time to the Board for
R/W DEEDS 	consideration.

25th Street

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of March, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
8th day of February, 1954, executed by

Mary P. Levengood, a single woman

Southern Nevada Investment Company, a Nevada Corporation

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada ,and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as there-
in set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING  Deeds for street purposes on Washington, Main to 5th Streets, were presented at this
R/w DEEDS	time to the Board for consideration.

Washington, Main to 5th

On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made

BE IT RESOLVED this 3rd day of March, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated and
executed as follows:

Lambert Van Der Meer and Mlena (aka Malena) Van Der Meer, dated February, 19, 1954
V. D. Eachus and Ann Eachus, dated February 19, 1954

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING Deeds for street purposes on Desert Lane were presented at this time to the Board for
R/w DEEDS 	consideration.

Desert Lane

On motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 3rd day of March, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners