OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 5, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 5th day of July, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock p. m. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Minutes of previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

Thereupon, the proposed Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las
Vegas by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete
curbs on certain streets and portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location
of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special
assessment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according
to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are re-
quired to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of sp-
ecial assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and
other matters relating thereto," as amended, was read for the second time. Upon motion of Commiss-
ioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, said Ordinance was duly passed and adopted, and order-
ed published one week, three issues, in the Las Vegas Review, a newspaper of general circulation,
published in the City of Las Vegas; further ordered that said Ordinance be designated as Ordinance
No. 131. The vote on the foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, and Neagle,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Commissioner, German, No.

The Clerk thereupon presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of owners of property
on 5th Street, City of Las Vegas, said petition praying that the City pave the entire width of said
5th Street at the time the central strip of paving on said 5th Street by the said highway Department.
Said petition was referred to the City Clerk for checking, said City Clerk to ascertain whether or
not the petition represented more than 50% of the property owners of 5th Street.

letter from the local Chamber of Commerce requesting the Board of City Commissioners to take
the necessary steps for the paving of Main street, in this City, was read to the Board and ordered
filed.

The Clerk then presented the following Resolution to the Board:

WHEREAS the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 4th day of October,

1921 granted a Permit to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains and con—

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY ON LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 2, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the second day of July, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners Smith, Mundy and Neagle, together with the City



Attorney and Clerk; Commissioner W. C. German being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk read all the replies to letters sent out by him and by other interested
parties relative to the oil bound type of pavement.

After general discussion of the paving question the meeting was adjourned, upon motion.