544

ZONES WITHIN THE CITY; PROVIDING FOR OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and
Jarrett for recommendation.

City Manager Carey presented a plat showing the area that he recommended
that parking meters be installed.

MASTER PLUMBER CERTIFICATION At this time the Board was advised that the Board of Plumbers Examiners
Larry Garrity	had filed an appeal on December 1, 1953 protesting the decision of the

	Board of Appeal s in recommending the granting of a master plumber

certification of qualification of Larry Garrity.		

Mr. James C. Young, attorney and members of the Board of Plumbers
Examiners appeared before the Board at this time and elaborated on
the six points that his Board appealed the decision of the Board of
Appeals.

Thereafter Mr. John Mendoza, representing Mr. Larry Garrity in his
request for certification spoke to the Commission on this matter.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Board of Commissioners approve the
decision of the Board of Appeals granting a Master Plumbers Certificate
to Larry Garrity; further that the Board disapprove the action of
the Plumbing Inspector, Art Angel insofar as he took it upon himself
to re-examine the papers with an outside, non Board member and regrade
the examination papers, therefore, disregarding his own Board for whom
he acted as secretary. This was a very unorthodox action taken, by the
secretary of the Board of Plumber Examiners, without thier authority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.



PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time set for the public hearing on the request for change

Street Name Change	of name of Park street to Sunrise Avenue, said street lying in the

Park Street to Sunrise Avenue Sunrise Tract No. 1, between 25th and 26th Streets, as recommended by
	the Planning Commission, His Honor asked if there were any one present

who wished to object to this change. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommended street name change
be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, there have been requests to rename PARK STREET located
between 25th and 26th Streets in Sunrise Park Tract No. 1 Addition to SUNRISE AVENUE; and

WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission
of Las Vegas, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
that the same of said street be changed after consideration thereof; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

set a public hearing on the proposed change of street name and gave notice
thereof as required by law, which public hearing was duly held on the
2nd day of December, 1953; and



WHEREAS, at said Public Hearing all persons were given an oppor-
tunity to protest and be heard; and

WHEREAS, the following proposed name change met with approval
of this Commission and the Commission finds that said name will facili-
tate mail deliveries, aid in locating various properties, f and will
assist the Fire Department and Police Department in carrying out their
duties.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on
the 2ndday of December, 1953, that the name of the street hereinafter
described to-wit:

That portion of PARK STREET which lies south of
Block 5 north of Block 4 in Sunrise Park Tract
No. 1, Supplemental Map, as recorded in Book II,

Page 79 of Clark County Records, generally located
between 25th and 26th Streets,

Be and the same hereby is changed to SUNRISE AVENUE.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be signed
by the Mayor, attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark
County Recorder as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

CIVIL RIGHTS LAW

Mr. George Rudiak appeared before the Board at this time requesting
information as to when the proposed Civil Rights law would be dis-
cussed. The Commission set a special meeting on January 7, 1954
at 7:30 P.M. to consider this matter.

MASTER PLAN OF ZONING

The meeting recessed at this time and reconvened with all members
present as of the opening session.

Further discussion was had on the proposed revision of the Master
Plan. Subdividers of the proposed Charleston Heights Subdivision were
present regarding the recommended reverting of the R-4 and C-l. It
was the determination of the Board that this matter be referred back
to the Planning Commission for study and that an executive session