On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write Ralph Simpson, helper on garbage trucks, that he would be releaved of his
duties with the City July 15th, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved that a Resol-
ution adopted April 18th, 1938 be rescinded. Said Resolution reading as follows:

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Marble the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS the prospective income of the City of Las Vegas will be greatly decreased through the
lowering of the levy by the County Commissioner, and

WHEREAS, there seems to be only one method of balancing the City Budget vis; through a hearty
cooperation of all city employees in a systematic and rigid reduction in expenditures,

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, That in the future salaries of all appointive city employees be
fixed at a figure decided upon by the Commissioners which figure may not be increased except
through a unanimous vote of all commissioners and further be it

RESOLVED That no additional employees either regular or regulars may be placed upon the payroll
except	upon the unanimous consent of the Board of Commissioners and the mayor and finance

commissioner are instructed and authorized to disapprove any vouchers which do not carry such
authorization and be it further

RESOLVED, that previous approval of a majority of the Board be required in connection with all
requisitions for supplies in excess of $25.00 and that all employees be urged to avoid emergency
purchases unless a real emergency exists.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Commissioner Krause passing
his vote. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Perry and Mayor Arnett.

Vote on the rescinding of the fore going Resolution was Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause
and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Ronnow explained to the Board that the reason he moved that the said Resolution
be rescinded was that same had been violated when he refused to sign a requisition hiring two
men on the police department.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that A.W.Blackman, City Auditor prepare and set up a system for checking the incoming and out
going oil and gas used by all departments of the City from the City Barn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The Mayor inquired of the members of the Commission as to their wishes in regard to the
taxi cabs operating without insurance as required by ordinance, and upon motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that all taxi cab operator secure
the necessary insurance by June 27th or they would not be allowed to operate.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mrs McEachin appeared before the Board in regard to securing zoning in Woodland Park.

C.F.Reid inquired of the Board in regard to securing a beverage license for 220 No 1st St.

Mr. Reid was informed that he must make written application and if same was approved by the
Chief of Police a license would be granted to him.

Mrs Nettles ask that the Board spread oil on streets in Westside leading to the Colored

Church. Commissioner Gilbert informed her that was included in the present programme for street
repairs and maintenance.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed to June 27th, 1939
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. as same had been provided in a motion introduced earlier in the meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 27th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 27th day of June, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk and
City Attorney.

Also present were Mayor Miller of St. George Utah and Tom McCoy Secretary-Treasurer of the
Municipal League of Utah.

Minutes of meeting of June 16th read and approved as read.

Bids for the purchase of sheet metal to be used in the grand stands at the city park were
opened at this time, and on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was
moved and carried that the bids be handed to the Purchasing Clerk for tabulation, and that the
awarding of said bid be at the next meeting of the Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayorvoting aye.
Noes, none.