OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 22, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of October, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O.J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the sum of Twenty-Five Dollars ($25.00)
was appropriated to the Clark County Farm Bureau to be used in combating the spread of
Puncture Vine.	

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the sum
of Twelve Hundred Thirty-Nine Dollars, ($1239.00) collected by the City Clerk, Municipal
Judge and Plumbing Inspector for licenses, fines and fees respectively, be apportioned as
follows, to-wit: The sum of Four Hundred Ninety-One Dollars and Forty Cents, ($491.40) to
the General Fund; the sum of Seven Hundred Twenty-Seven Dollars and Sixty Cents, ($727.60)
to the Police and Fire Fund; and the sum of Twenty Dollars and Fifty Cents, ($20.50) to the
Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

At this time the question of the issuance of an additional Three Thousand Dollars
($3000.00) worth of Las Vegas City Highway bonds to meet the cost of the resurfacing and
repair of Main Street from the corner of Main and Fremont Streets to the northeast city limits
and of Fifth Street from the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the southwest city limits,
a distance of approximately three miles, which highway was heretofore constructed in connection
with Federal Aid to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada,

came on for discussion, and it appearing to the Board of	City Commissioners that by an Act of

the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for the year 1923, the City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas have authority to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) for the construction, maintenance, and repair of a highway through the City of Las
Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System under an Act of the Legislature of
the State of Nevada in convention assembled, entitled "An Act Authorizing the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the con-
struction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State
Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special or

general election before the issuance of any such bonds," approved March 5, 1923, and

It further appearing to the Board that Forty-six Thousand ($46,000) Dollars worth
of said authorized issue of bonds have been sold for the purposes above mentioned, and it also
appearing that the further sum of Three Thousand Dollars ($3000.00) is required for additional work
in connection with the maintenance and repair of Main Street, commencing at the corner of Main
and Fremont Streets, thence to the northeast city limits, and of Fifth Street, commencing at the
corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets, thence to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximat-
ely three miles; and it further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the amount of
money now remaining in the State Highway Fund of the City of Las Vegas is insufficient to meet
the cost of the maintenance and repair contemplated,

It appearing to the Board that the Clerk had given notice to the State Board of
Finance of the State of Nevada, and that no bid had been received from said State Board
of Finance, the following resolution was presented by Commissioner Smith, seconded by
Commissioner Mundy, and duly adopted as follows:-

"RESOLVED: That the bid of First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc., for the
$12,000" Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds" be, and the same is
hereby accepted; that said bidder have fifteen days from the date of furnishing pre-
liminary transcript of the proceeding relative to said bond issue within which its
attorneys shall either definitely approve or disapprove of the legality of said issue,
and within which time said bidder shall take up and pay for said bond or be entitled to
be released from said bid, as the case may be, depending upon such attorney's opinion
as to the validity of said bonds.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a written memorandum as to the terms of acceptance of said
bid be entered into between this Board and said bidders, the same to be executed by the
Mayor and City Clerk, representing said city, and said bidder.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk have said bonds printed -forthwith and furnish
the bidder with said preliminary transcript.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the check of the remaining bidder be returned to it
by the City Clerk.	"

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, Aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing, a recess was declared until the 22nd day of October,
1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.