An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, RE-

FERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY AMENDING
THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIG-
NATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 702 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of John H. Clark for a Use Permit to use
the unnumbered portion of Block 8, Mayfair Addition Tract #2, designated as "Reserved
for Parking" as a public parking area for business offices located across the alley
to the north. The Board of Adjustment recommended this application be approved
subject to the condition that the alley be improved, a solid fence be installed
between parking area and adjacent residential area and approval of the parking
lot design by City authorities.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
John H. Clark for a use permit to use the unnumbered portion of Block 8, Mayfair
Addition Tract #2, designated as "Reserved for Parking" as a public parking area
for business offices located across the alley to the north; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the condition that the alley be improved, a solid fence
be installed between the parking area and adjacent residential area and approval of
the parking lot design by City authorities;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John H.

Clark for a use permit be and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions
set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of John E. & Nancy Lee Craddock to main-
tain two doctor and professional offices at 820 South 7th Street. The Board of Ad-
justment recommended approval, of this application for a use permit subject to the
development of a parking area and driveway according to City specifications, con-
struction of a block wall on the south side of the rear 75 feet of the rear area,
improvement of the alley adjacent to the property and the installation of off-site
improvements.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved and the following resolu-
tion adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
John E. & Nancy Lee Craddock for a use permit to maintain two doctor and professional
offices at 820 South 7th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the development of a parking area and driveway accord-
ing to City specifications, construction of a block wall on the south side of the
rear 75 feet of the rear area, improvement of the alley adjacent to the property
and the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John E. and
Nancy Lee Craddock for a use permit be and the same hereby is approved subject to
the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the application of Dr. Emil F.Cava for a use permit to erect
eight doctor and professional offices in the 800 block of South 8th Street (lots
22-27, Block 34, South Addition). The Board of Adjustment recommended this appli-
cation be approved subject to the development of a parking area and off-site im-
provements according to City specifications including paving of the alley and the
architectural approval of the building.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
Dr. Emil F. Cava for a use permit to erect eight doctor and professional offices
on Lots 22 to 27, Block 34, South Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the development of a parking area and off-site improve-
ments according to City specifications including the paving of the alley and the
architectural approval of the building.

USE PERMIT -U-ll-56
John Clark

USE PERMIT - U-13-56
John E. & Nancy

Craddock



USE PERMIT - U-l4-56
Dr. Emil F. Cava

