Clark County, Nevada, and in that event the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V©gas
may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid; or if all bids are rejected the Board
of City Commissioners may readvertise said bonds for sale. If there are two or more equal
bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued interest,
the Board of City Commissioners will determine which bid shall be accepted.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 7th day of December, 1945.

s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

s/ Helen Scott Reed

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada	(SEAL)

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners is hereby
authorized and directed to immediately mail to the State Board of Finance, at Carson City,
Nevada, a copy of the notice of sale.

City Commissioner Clark seconded the adoption of the foregoing resolution, and the
same on being put to vote, was unanimously carried by the affirmative vote of all Commissioners
present, the vote being as follows:

E. W. Cragin	Mayor	"Aye”

Baskin	Commissioner	"Aye"

Bates	Commissioner	"Aye”

Clark	Commissioner	"Aye"

Corradetti	Commissioner	"Aye"

Adopted and approved, this 7th day of December, 1945.

s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

s/ Helen Scott Reed

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada
(SEAL)



SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 621

WARRANTS	to 625 inclusive in the sum of $13,423.40 and No. 611 in the sum

of $200.00, be approved and the Mayor, City Clerk, and Comptroller
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until
Monday night, December 10th at the hour of 7:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

December 10, 1945

Not a Quorom so no meeting held.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 22, 1946

At a regularmeeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd
day of December, 1945. Meeting Called to order by His Honor Mayor E.W.
Cragin at the hour of 10 a.m. with the following members present:	

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy;
City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of December 7, 1945 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.