187

on land situated on East Charleston Blvd. in the 1900 Block on the North side of the Street; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application inasmuch
as they did not feel this use would be detrimental to surrounding property values; and

WHEREaS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 19, 1952, recommending
that such Use Permit be approved.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
application of Jerry Woodbury to erect and maintain a mortuary on the land situated on East Charleston
Blvd., in the 1900 Block on the North side of the Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING-Public	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of W.L. Holst Jr. to rezone lots 1 to 9, inclusive, Block 3,

Hearing Set W.L. Huntrdige Tract #3 from R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District to C-l (Limited Commercial) Use District Holst Jr .located on the South side of Charleston Boulevard between Safeway Store and fifteenth street, be set
 for December 17, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Vacation South
3rd St. between
Wyoming & Oakey

Mr. Melon a property owner in the neighborhood for the district of 3rd Street between Wyoming and Oakey
Blvd. discussed this vacation with the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the vacation of South 3rd Street between Wyoming Avenue and Oakey Boulevard
be denied.

EASTERLY EXTENSION
OF ST. LOUIS AVE.
Right-of-Way

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Jarrett, Bunker,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the City take steps to condemn a right-
of-way through the northerly portion of the Metropolitan addition subdivision there was no action
or decision made.

VARIANCE
Floy Gibson

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the Variance Application of Floy Gibson
to construct an additional dwelling unit on the required rear yard and on a lot less than 7,000 square
feet in area, situated at 227 S. 4th Street in a R-4 (Apartment) Use District be approved; was presented

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted and the
following Resolution adopted:



WHEREAS, on the 28th day of October, 1952, Floy Gibson filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for a variance to construct an additional dwelling unit on the required rear
yard and on lot less than 7000 square feet in area, situated at 227 South fourth street in a R-4
Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

whereas, on November 13, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission approved the application as
they did not feel that this use would be detrimental to surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 19, 1952, recommending
that such variance be granted.

VARIANCE
Lillie Roesselet

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
Floy Gibson be granted a variance to construct an additional dwelling unit on the required rear
yard and on a lot less than 7000 square feet in area, located at 227 South Fourth Street in a R-4
(Apartment) Use District, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Lillie Roesselet to
establish a neighborhood grocery store at 1823 West Charleston Blvd. in an R-A (Ranch Estate)

Use District be denied was presented.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this application
be denied, be accepted and the following resolution adopted.

#249

WHEREAS, on the 30th day of October, 1962, Lillie Roesselet filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission to establish an neighborhood grocery store at 1823 West Charleston Blvd. in an
R-A (Ranch Estate) Use District; and

Whereas on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the application
inasmuch as this area has been generally developed for residences and it was felt that no need for
a commercial use was shown; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on November 19, 1952
recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
variance application of Lillie Roesselet to establish a neighborhood grocery store at 1823 West
Charleston Boulevard in an R-A (Ranch Estate) Use District be denied, be and the same hereby is
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye' noes, none.