RESOLUTION—Accepting
Deed—Anna T. Pryor
et al.

HEALTH DEPT.—

Dr. Cherry Appointed

POLICE DEPT.—Radio

Equipment
GOLF COURSE CLAIM

EMERGENCY LOAN

BIDS-Street Lighting
Biltmore Addition

RESOLUTION

	BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of August, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners 

of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 2nd
day of July, 1945, executed by George Thomason to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution
was adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, THIS 22nd day of August, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
27th day of June, 1946, executed by Anna T. Pryor, Elisabeth Trischman, Velma O.

Huling, and Velma C. Huling, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the emergency 

appointment of Dr. Cherry as Health Officer be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, and

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of Ralph
Dow, Radio Technician, that the Police radio equipment be
moved from the War Memorial Building to the County Shop
location, be approved, and the City to contribute $250 for
said work. Further, that the City Manager be instructed 
to negotiate a lease with the County for this location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claims of the Roberts
Roofing Company in the sum of $176.00 and $18.00 for
repair of the floor in the manager's house at the golf
course be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Baskin moved that September 9th, 1946, at the
hour of 10:00 A.M. of said day be set for hearing on a
resolution to secure an emergency loan in the sum of $125,000.00
to expedite the construction and completion of the Las Vegas
Police Station, and the emergency need to secure the sum of
$106,000.00 to provide for the continued operation of the
street department, park department, street lighting department,
administrative departments, city hall and golf course. Of
the amounts above mentioned the aforesaid sum of $106,000.00
is to be procured by the transfer of funds from the surplus
monies in the General Fund and/or other funds of the City of
Las Vegas. The City Manager is hereby authorized to cause notice
of hearing of the foregoing resolution to be published one
time in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal as provided by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Tabulation of the bids opened earlier in the meeting, having
been completed by the Comptroller for the Street Lighting in
the Biltmore Addition, Commissioner Clark, moved that the bid
of General Electric Supply Company be accepted in the sum of
$5,501.07, and they be permitted to install the new refractory
lights No. 79R 4815866G1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.