The city reserves the right to pay at any time the difference between rentals
paid to date and $20,000.00 and the Federal Government will deliver a quit claim deed.

In the event the FWA accept this offer the City Manager is authorized to draw
a warrant in the sum of $2,500.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk are authorized to
sign this warrant for said lease agreement.

Upon motion of Commissioner Bates, seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by unanimous vote the foregoing Resolution was approved and adopted.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until
9:30 a.m. July 27, 1946.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 27, 1946

Meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:30 a.m. with the 

following members present: His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin;
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager
T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Mr. David
Oliver was also present. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration:

RESOLVED that the Mayor be authorized to negotiate rental of the federally
owned system constructed by the FWA under project #26-116 located in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada and enter into a lease rental agreement with the FWA on the
following basis:

1. That the city execute a lease rental agreement to be dated as of July 1,

1946 for a period of one year with automatic renewal, without notice,
for successive periods of one year each but in no event beyond January
1, 1966. The city will reserve the right to terminate such agreement
upon thirty days advance notice, in writing, to the FWA that the end

of the original or any renewal term under the lease.

2.	The city shall agree to pay rental as follows:	$16,000.00 due January

1, 1947 which will cover rental for the system from the date it was turned
over to the city to and including December 31, 1946 and pay $16,000.00
on January 1, 1948 to cover rental from January 1, 1947 through 

December 31, 1947, and thereafter on the 1st day of July and January it shall
pay the sum of $8,000.00 representing rental for six month periods
throughout the life of the agreement. The city will agree to maintain
and operate the system during the life of the agreement at no expense
to the Federal Government.

There shall be incorporated in the lease rental agreement a provision giving
the city the right to purchase the system on any rental payment date, provided
all rentals due to and including such date have been duly paid on the following
basis:

1. The purchase price shall be calculated on the basis of $320,000.00 less
all rental paid to the date the option is exercised plus an amount 

equivalent to 3% interest on the unpaid balance. It being understood that
interest which accrues from July 1, 1946 and no interest shall be computed
or charged from	the date	the system was	turned	over	to	the city until

July 30, 1946.	It shall 	be further understood	that	the	interest so

computed shall not be considered due and payable until the date the city
elects to exercise its option.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by unanimous vote the foregoing resolution was approved and adopted.

At this time Commissioner Clark asked to be excused.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:.

BE IT RESOLVED this	27th day	of July, 1946	by the	Board of	Commissioners	of

the City of Las Vegas, County of	Clark, State of	Nevada	that	the	deed acknowledged

the 10th day of July, 1946 executed by Waale-Camplan & Thomas Incorporated and 

recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
July 12, 1946 as Instrument No. 228247 in Book 23, Miscellaneous Records of said
Clark County, and conveying to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth and filed in the records of
this Board.	

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of the Frontier
Radio and Music Company for a license for three slot machines
at the Swiss Village Cafe, 116 North 5th Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none; Absent: Commissioners Clark and Baskin.

RESOLUTION: Re:

Sewer System
Lease Rental Agreement

RESOLUTION—Accepting
Deed for Drainage
Right of Way

SWISS VILLAGE—
Gaming License