425

WHEREAS, at the expiration of the said terms, all vacancies are to be filled by appoint-
ment for a term of four (4) years; and

WHEREAS, Section 10 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1949, does not
provide for a salary for Civil Service Trustees, such Trustees shall serve without compensation, re-
muneration, or reward.

	NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at a

recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 29th day of June, 1949, that a Board of five (5) Civil
Service Trustees be appointed, three Civil Service Trustees to serve for a period of two years be-
ginning July 1, 1949 and ending July 1, 1951 and two Civil Service Trustees be appointed for a four-
year term from July 1, 1949 to July 1, 1953;

NOW THEREFORE BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that upon the expiration of the said terms of office
for the Civil Service Trustees, all appointments will be made for a four-year term of office;

NOW THEREFORE BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board of Civil Service Trustees shall serve
without compensation, remuneration or reward.

_____S/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

ATTEST:

S/ Shirley Ballinger____________

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Appointment of Commissioner Whipple moved that upon the recommendation of the City Manager, the following five persons
Board	be appointed to serve on the Board of Civil Service Trustees:

	Bernard J. Swanson

Al Corradetti
A. C. Grant
Milton Keefer
Ambrose Murphy

Further, that these newly appointed members determine the term of office of each member at their first
meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Clerk was instructed to notify Mr. P. L. Jefferson, Brown Derby, 320 Monroe that the
	Board would like to meet with him on July 6, 1949 relative to his liquor license.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1822 in the total amount of $8,507.42
WARRANT	be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

 Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Whipple moved that
this meeting adjourn until July 7, 1949 at 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,
Peccole and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 7, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of July, 1949 was called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:25 P.M. with the following members present: Com-
missioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

LIQUOR LICENSE - Commissioner Peccole moved that the matter of the out of zone liquor license issued to P. L. Jeff-
Out of Zone	erson, Brown Derby, 320 Monroe, be held in abeyance until the Regional Planning Commission has taken

action of Mr. Jefferson's application for zone variance.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1819, 1823 and 1824 in the total
WARRANTS  amount of $14, 322.77 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants No. 1055 to 1058 inclusive in the net sum of

$26,952.81 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.