street and running thence northerly along the east side of Main street to its intersection with Ogden
street; thence Easterly along Ogden street to its intersection, with the alley in block No. Two (2)
thence southerly along said alley through Blocks No. Two (2) and three (3) to its intersection with
Carson street; thence westerly along Carson street to the place of beginning, excepting from said
District lots One (1) Four (4) Five (5) Sixteen (l6) and the south Fifteen (15) feet of lot fifteen
(15) in block No. 2 Two (2) and lota one (1) Two (2) three (3) Four (4) and Five (5) in block No.

Three (3).	This notice is give in pursuance of a resolution duly adopted by the Board of City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a regular meeting
of said Board held on the first day of March A.D. 1916. Said Board will meet to consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest in the proposed improvement; such
meeting to be held at the office of the City Clerk on Wednesday the 5th day of April A.D. 1916. at ten
o'clock A.M. whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly
carried by the following vote towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and 
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that the Clerk and the Mayor of

said City be and are hereby instructed to have the above notice of intention to do sidewalk posted

and published and as by law provided. the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye,

Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.



At this time the City Attorney then presented to the Board a copy of ordinance for sidewalk purpose
for consideration by the Board and the same having been read in full to the Board by the Clerk thereof
it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered
that the same go over for the second reading of the Board on April 5th A.D. 1916. the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Hicks,
aye, and hid honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday March the 8th, at seven o'clock P.M.
of said day, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye,

Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and hi* honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. noes none.

Office of the City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 8,1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, held
on the 8th day of March 1916. pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commiss-
ioners Elwell, Ball and his Hicks Commissioner Matzdorf being absent.

At this time J.A. Delameter presented to the Board a request as follows towit:— " To the Hon Mayor
and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada. Gentlemen the undersigned being engaged in
the erection and construction of a concrete addition to Boggs Brothers one story brick building on
the rear of lot 18 in block No. 2. in the City of Las Vegas hereby makes application for a permit
to use a portion of the alley in the rear of said building during the construction of said addition
for the handling of material during said construction for a period of twenty days from date; and if

this permission is granted I will faithfully and promptly keep the lights burning at the hours and in
the manner required by ordinance No. 40. of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.	J.A. Delemater.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner