Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 12th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada;
held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ball, Elwell, and
Ullom, the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the applications of the following named persons
for retail liquor Licenses in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year 1918, as follows towit;

Jack Reynolds to conduct a retail liquor business on Main street situated in the Lincoln Hotel
D. Pecetto to conduct a retail liquor business on Main street situated in the Union Hotel.
The Hotel Nevada Mining Co. to conduct a retail liquor business on Main and Fremont streets known
as the Hotel Nevada.

John S. Wisner to conduct a retail liquor business on Main and Fremont streets situated in the New
Overland Hotel.

Fred. J. Pearce to conduct a retail liquor business on Fremont Street situated in the Las Vegas Hotel
Robert Schaffer to conduct a retail liquor business on First Street situated in the Charleston Hotel.
L.J. Holcomb to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in the Colorado Hotel.

O.E. Burnett to conduct a retail liquor business on First Street situated in the Squires Hotel.
Gragolia and Biama to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in what is known
as the old Turf saloon.

Ed. Van to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in the "00" Saloon.

A1 James to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in the Arizona Club Building.

Ed Wasserbach to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in what is known as the
Star Saloon.

Los Angeles Brewing Co. to conduct a wholesale liquor establishment situated on Main street.

Whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board upon motion of Commissio-
ner Ball seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried that the above licenses be and the same
are hereby granted for the year 1918, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioners Ball, aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of Lon Groesbeck for a transfer of license
from Fred Van Deventer to Lon Groesbeck of said City in the Northern Hotel on Fremont street where-
upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Ullom seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried
it was ordered that said transfer be and the same is hereby granted by the Board, the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioner Ball, aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye, and his
Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of Dog Licenses coming on before the Board at this time it was ordered that the said
Ordinance governing Dogs in said City and the licencing of the same be not changed and the Clerk
of this Board is authorized to purchase the necessary Dog Licenses for the year 1918.

The Mayor W.E. Hawkins, reported to the Board that he had received notice from a committee of
the Citizens of the City of Las Vegas requesting the appointment of various citizens in Different
parts of the City to be special policemen to assist in the enforcement of the Law and ordinances of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, The Mayor filed with the Clerk a list of the names of the persons
Present and participating in such meeting of the Citizens Committee, which were as follows;

Rev. W.H. Rogers, Rev Father O'Grady, John S. Wisner, E.F. Heinecke, E.W. Griffith, M.M. Riley,

Harley A. Harmon, W.R. Bracken, C.P. Ball, I.C. Johnson, W.H. Elwell, Rev. P.J. Smith, David Farnsworth
W.E. Hawkins and C.P. Squires. The Mayor also filed with the Clerk a list of the names of the
Persons whom said Citizens Committee had requested to be appointed such special Policemen, such
names being as follows: Dr. Roy W. Martin, W.E. Arnold, John F. Miller, W.B. Mundy, C.C. Ronnow,

A. S. henderson, Harry Mitchell, Geo. M. Hayes, R.J. Young Jr, C.S. Wengert, Joe. Smith, W.J. Reid,

W.H. Elwell, Geo. French, Lafe Holcomb, ED. VON TObel, Howard Conklin, C.E. Pembrooke, C.O. Snyder,

B.F. Whitmire, P.J. Sullivan, Leo. A. Mc Namee, Walter Pollock, T.C. Higbee, Chas, Wilson, C.K. Ingram.