WHEREAS, the characteristics and conditions stated above were investigated by the
Urban Renewal Division of the Department of Planning and reported in that document known as
the Eligibility and Relocation Report for the Madison School Project dated May 6, 1959, a
copy of which report is on file in the Department of Planning, City Hall, City of Las Vegas,
for public inspection; and

WHEREAS, all or part of the above information is necessary to determine that the
area is legally eligible as an urban renewal clearance and redevelopment project under Federal,
State, and local law;

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the standards and criteria used for the 
determination of the slum and blighted conditions in the aforesaid Project Nev. No. R-6, are in 
accordance with Federal, State, and local law, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the aforesaid Eligibility and Relocation Report as filed
in the Department of Planning, does take into consideration all of the conditions and facts
as they exist within the project area and substantiates this Resolution and the legal eligibility 
of said project; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
that said Madison School Project "Nev. R-6" is eligible for clearance and redevelopment under
the provisions of Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, Chapter 279 of the Nevada Revised Statutes,
and applicable ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

MOVED, ADOPTED, AND APPROVED this 6th day of May, 1959.

s/ C. D. Baker
C. D. BAKER, MAYOR

ATTEST:

s/ Robert F. Boos
ROBERT F. BOOS, ACTING CITY CLERK

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the adoption of a second resolution suspending the issuance of
Building Permits in the Madison School Project development area. This resolution is to 
prevent new construction or major alterations within the Madison School Project for a period of
15 months. The purpose of this resolution is to prevent construction during the Survey and
Planning period that would void the planning that has previously taken place, or will take
place, in this 15 month period. The suspension of permits is limited to 15 months as this is
the anticipated time to complete the planning and execute a contract with the Federal 
Government.

Commissioner Fountain asked Director of Planning Bills how the 15 month period was determined
and Mr. Bills advised that it is required this planning be completed in 11 months or lose the
Federal Grant and several months leeway was allowed, thereby arriving at the 15 month period.

City Attorney Cory advised that without action on the part of the City Commission no officer
of the City Government would have the authority to withhold a building permit which might be
applied for. He further stated that he had some misgivings about this proposed action as there
was no provision in City Ordinances for withholding building permits other than for violations;
however, under the circumstances, as stated by the Planning Director, it would be like trying to
run water uphill to carry on a plan and survey if permits were to be issued at the same time.

Commissioner Whipple stated that this would not cover an emergency; for instance, if there was
a fire and the owner would need to have a building permit. Mr. Bills stated that this 
resolution would not forestall someone from patching their roof or a similar minor repair and if
there were an emergency and a hardship the person would be allowed to build. Mr. Cory advised
that this resolution is intended for new construction.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION SUSPENDING THE ISSUANCE OF
BUILDING PERMITS IN THE MADISON SCHOOL
PROJECT REDEVELOPMENT AREA

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is planning for the clearance and redevelopment of an
urban renewal project known as Madison School, as established by previous action of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners, has determined that the Madison School
Project is a blighted area and is eligible for clearance and redevelopment under Title I of
the Housing Act of 1949 and under Chapter 279 of the Nevada Revised Statutes; and

WHEREAS, the Planning Commission is in the process of preparing a Master Plan for
the City of Las Vegas, and said redevelopment project must conform with the Master Plan; and

WHEREAS, a reasonable period is needed for study and planning of the project area;

and

WHEREAS, the planning for said redevelopment project is proceeding as rapidly as
possible and within the maximum time limitations of the Federal Government, and has not yet
reached a point where zoning, or occupancy, or use of a specific parcel of property can 
definitely be determined; and

WHEREAS, it is both desirable and necessary to maintain the status quo of all

5-6-59