A letter signed by Mayor Howell C. Garrison to all licensees in the city relative to
raising licenses in the city was read. Commissioner Smith moved that said letter be approved
and that if representatives of said businesses do not appear at the stated meeting it will
be assumed that they have no objection to said raise and thereafter, the city will proceed
to revamp the Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A telegram addressed to Commissioner Smith from Wright L. Felt regarding the proposed
trailer camp grant was read and ordered filed.

A letter from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company relative to fire hydrants was read and same
was turned over to the city attorney for investigation.

■Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of the Apache Cafe of $40 be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Mrs. Harry J. Sweeney for $5.50 be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of 0. A. Kimball covering insurance policy #81
in the amount of $623.56 be approved. Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City purchase badges for the commissioners who have
been given new offices. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and voted on as follows.

Voting aye:	Commissioner Rubidoux and Tinch. Noes, Commissioner Smith. Passed, Mayor

Garrison.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the War Memorial Buildingnot be rented on Sundays for dances.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for 20,000 letter heads and envelopes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The proposed lease between the City of Las Vegas and the U. S. of America for the Weather
Bureau was presented and ready for signature. Commissioner Tinch moved that it be returned
with the request that an additional clause be inserted providing for $30 per month to cover
cooling, heating, etc. Said $30 to cover total rent and facilities. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Smith

Thereafter, upon motion made by Commissioner Tinch seconded by Commissioner Smith and unanimously
carried the meeting adjourned until October 5, 1942 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.