PETITION --

F. C. Carpenter

LAND USE

TENTATIVE SUB DIVISION
MAP — O. J. Scherer
Industrial Tract

TENTATIVE MAP — South
5th Street Property
Tract #1

RESOLUTION - Accepting
Deed

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Under date of May 28, 1946, Mr. F. C. Carpenter petitioned
the Board for permission to move the Baptist Church building
into Fire Zone No. 2 and this matter was referred by this Board
to the Planning Commission.

Under date of June 26, 1946 the Planning Commission made the
following recommendations:

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

Honorable Mayor and

Board of City Commissioners,

City Hall,

Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Petition,

F. C. Carpenter

Gentlemen:

The attached letter of F. C. Carpenter, requesting the removal of a non-conforming
structure at the NE corner of Seventh & Ogden Streets was referred to this
Commission for recommendation.

This matter was considered at a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission
June 25, 1946. The joint Planning Commission recommends that no exceptions be
made to the Fire Zone Ordinance at any time. Further, that such exceptions could
not be made unless the ordinance covering the same were amended; amendments for
individuals would constitute discrimination and inconsistent development which
would impair the benefits obtained by adhering to the established plan and 

regulations.

We regret that our opinion does not assist Mr. Carpenter in this particular case
but must base our opinion in respect to the general welfare of the community.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/C. G. Petrie,

Planning Engineer.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of Mr. F. C. 

Carpenter be denied on the recommendations of the Planning
Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission regarding Land Use as contained
in their letter dated June 26, 1946, with the exception of
Item 3 which is to be referred to the City Manager for
clarification.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the tentative
map of the O. J. Scherer Industrial Tract as per the 

recommendations of the Planning Commission with the exception of 

Subdivision B of Article 2, entitled "Utilities" as appears in
their letter of June 26, 1946. The matter was referred to the
City Manager for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the tentative map of South 5th
Street Property, Tract #1, be approved as recommended by the
Planning Commission with the exception of Article 2, 

Subsection A, thereof, Re: Sidewalk Installation, which should

be amended to read "Sidewalk Installation in all Areas of the
Tract Where Needed", as appeared in their letter of 

recommendation of June 26, 1946. The matter of drainage to be referred
to the City Manager for checking.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Clark, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted, and order made: