Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

USE PERMIT (U-5-59)	The Commission considered the request of the Public Works Department that the cash

Gwendolyn Walsh	bond submitted for completion of offsite improvements at Lots 23 and 24, Block 21,

	Wardie Addition, in the amount of $174.68 be released. All offsite improvements

Release of Bond	have been installed to the satisfaction of the Engineering Department.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the cash bond submitted by Gwendolyn Walsh for
offsite improvements in connection with Use Permit (U-5-59) be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

FREMONT STREET LIGHTING	The Commission considered the report on petition for proposed street lighting 

Proposed Assessment	installation on Fremont Street from 6th Street to the intersection with East

District 100-28	Charleston Boulevard, Assessment District 100-28. Director of Public Works Sauer

stated that of the 86 owners, 51.1% were in favor (44), 10.5% were not in favor (9)
Held in Abeyance	and 38.4% gave no reply (33). On the basis of front footage the percentage would

be 54.9% for, 12.4% against, and 32.7% no reply.

Mr. Harold Stocker spoke to the Commission stating that when the improvement dis-
trict was created by the State Highway Department from 15th Street to the City
Limits on Fremont, they were supposedly at some future time to continue it on to
5th Street. He stated that he was in favor of the street lighting on Fremont
but he thought now was the time to widen it 10' and make an avenue out of it
instead of a street. He added that he owns 300' frontage on Fremont and asked
why an assessment district could not be created to widen the street 10', and if
necessary give 5' setback at the same time, as well as install the new street
lighting.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated if this is ever to be done it should be done now and
Commissioner Fountain agreed.

Mr. John Franklin, representing the Franklin Motel, 1028 Fremont, and also speak-
ing for the owner of the Traveler's Hotel Court, 1100 Fremont, stated they were in
favor of widening Fremont all the way up to 7th Street instead of 5th Street. Mr.
Stocker stated that about 50% of the sidewalk area is gravel or grass and that
would be about 7'. City Manager Kennedy advised that from 5th to 7th Street
the parking could be eliminated to attain the required width.

Commissioner Sharp questioned the possibility of the State Highway Department
doing this street widening, and City Manager Kennedy advised that this is a
State Highway but he did not think they would do it.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that 10' additional would not allow another
traffic lane, and Commissioner Sharp stated that it would make two traffic lanes
	on each side whereas now there is only one. Mr. Stocker was of the opinion it

would increase the traffic on Fremont by 70%.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this matter be held in abeyance for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none.

EASEMENT	The Commission considered the easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company from

Southern Nevada Power	the Las Vegas Housing Authority for a strip of land 6' wide along	the north side

Compary	of parcel taken in option by the Las Vegas Housing Authority from	the City of	Las

Vegas being a portion of the NE¼, SW¼, Section 36, T 20 S, R 61 E, M.D.B. & M.

Approved Housing Authority

to Execute	Commissioner Fountain moved that the Housing Authority be allowed	to go ahead	and

execute this easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company or write a letter	of

right of entry to the power company for this easement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

EASEMENT	The Commission considered the release of easement to the Southern Nevada Power

Southern Nevada Power	Company from the City of Las Vegas for a strip of land 6' wide along the west

Company	side of parcel in the NE¼, SW¼, Section 36, T 20 S, R 61 E, M.D.B. & M. for 

service to the Roy W. Martin School.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the
necessary papers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

At the hour of 8:20 p.m. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of
8:30 p.m. with all members present as of the opening session.

-oOo-

CONNIE MORMON CHILD	City Attorney Calvin Cory advised the Board of Commissioners that City Ordinance

NURSERY LICENSES	requires a unanimous vote of all members of the Commission hearing evidence 

presented in order to revoke a business license.

Charges Dismissed

Mr. Cory further advised the Board that Mayor C. D. Baker had heard evidence 
presented at the Show Cause Hearing held at the regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners on April 15, 1959, with regard to Connie Mormon's nursery licenses at
the Las Vegas Children's Nursery, 827 South 7th Street, and Happy House, 516 North
9th Street, but that he would be unable to vote on the matter inasmuch as he was
out of the country and would not return until his term of office had expired.

5-20-59