FREEWAY ALIGNMENT	Mayor Baker announced that the recommendation from the Urban Renewal Advisory

Committee, endorsed by the City Planning Commission, suggesting an adjustment
to the proposed freeway alignment through the Westside area so that it will
take in the Westside School and the recreation area, will be filed unless
there are any objections. No objections were raised.

SEWAGE TREATMENT PLANT 	The Commission considered the request of John A. Carollo for payment of
Proposed Enlargement 	$6,350.00 for the preparation of plans and specifications for the enlargement 
	to the Sewage Treatment Plant.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be approved and payment of $6,350.00
to John A. Carollo authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

STREET REPAIR CONTRACT 	Works Engineer Uehling presented a request from the Engineering Department
	that an additional amount of $6,000 be allotted to continue contract payments 

for the Street repair work.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be approved and that $6,000.00 be 
allotted for the continuance of street repair work.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

REMODELING OF CITY	Consideration was given to the request of the Engineering Department for the

HALL	acceptance and final payment on the Remodeling of the City Hall. Field Engineer

Acceptance and Final	Hansen stated that the work was completed on January 15, 1958 and the Notice of

Payment	Completion recorded on January 30, 1958. He recommended that the construction

	be accepted, the Performance Bond released and payment of $3,071.57 authorized.

Commissioner Bunker moved the construction of the Remodeling of City Hall be 
accepted, the Performance Bond of P & C Construction Co. released and payment 

of the retention of $3,071.57 authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

                                                      Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

LIONS CLUB PARK	Mr. Hansen requested that the construction of the restrooms at Lions Club Park

RESTROOMS	be accepted, the Performance Bond released and the payment of the retention of

Acceptance and Final Payment	$509.65 approved. He stated that the work was completed December 31, 1957 and the
 Notice of Completion filed on January 23, 1958.

Commissioner Whipple moved the construction of the restrooms at Lions Club Park
be accepted, the Performance Bond released and payment of the retention to P and
C Construction Co. in the amount of $509.65 authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
	Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING 	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Ira and Rossie Lawson for a
R/W DEED	portion of Cunningham Drive.

Cunningham Drive

	On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and 

carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5 day of March, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 17 day of February, 1958, executed by Ira Lawson and Rossie Lawson, husband
and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION 	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for charitable solicitations 
PERMITS	permits be approved, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board,

and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

Frontier Girl Scouts Council
Disabled American Veterans
Rose De Lima Hospital Auxiliary
Soroptomist Club
Mesquite Club

St. Theresa's Guild, St. Christopher's Episcopal Church

Rancho High School PTA

American Cancer Society

Nevada Society for Crippled Children

St. Ann's Catholic Church Altar Society

3-5-58