30

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that all proceedings up to said hearing
have been properly taken; and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to he assessed have
not filed written objections concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of 

said district, or the defraying of the entire cost and expense by special
assessments,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 8th day of January, 1958,
that the City Attorney prepare an ordinance creating said district, excluding
therefrom the frontage of Lots 11,12,13,14,15,16 and 17; Block 8, Crestwood Tract
No. 5; on the basis of written protests filed, and upon the further basis that
the existing improvements are adequate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT         Works Engineer Uehling reported that Mr. Cox has been contacted concerning the 
Hastings Avenue	securing of right-of-way for Hastings Avenue at the intersection with Shadow Lane

	and that Mr. Cox will dedicate the required right-of-way. He also stated that

Mr. Cox was in favor of the improvement.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution directing the City Engineer
to prepare the plans, diagrams and estimates of cost to be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has
been and still is without adequate curbs, gutters, street paving, and sanitary
sewers; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following portion of
Hastings Avenue be improved by curbing, guttering, paving the same, and the 
installation of sanitary sewers.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 8th day of January, 1958,
that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the
City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the work, the locality to be improved, together with 

the estimates of cost for the installation of curbs, gutters, paving,
and the installation of sanitary sewers on the following portions of Hastings
Avenue:

Hastings Avenue between Desert Lane and Shadow Lane.

Adopted and approved this 8th day of January, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HANDBALL COURTS	City Manager Kennedy reported that Shelton Construction, Lembke Construction and

Bid Awarded	P & C Construction had submitted informal bids for the remodeling of the Handball

	Courts at Dula Recreation Center, and the low bid was that of P and C Construction

in the total amount of $3,609.28. Mr. Kennedy recommended that this bid be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager's recommendation be accepted and P & C
Construction Company awarded the bid for the remodeling of the Handball Courts at
Dula Recreation Center in the total amount of $3,609.28.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING        

	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Judy Rich Enterprises for the
R/W DEEDS	dedication of a 25 foot alley along Block 2 of Judy Rich Tract #2.

Alley - Judy Rich Tract

No. 2	On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried

	unamiously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 8 day of January, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 17 day of December, 1957, executed by Judy Rich Enterprises, a California
Corporation to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Decatur & Vegas Drive          The Commission considered the easement from the United States of America for a

portion of Decatur Boulevard, making a total, of a 75 foot right-of-way, and a 

portion of Vegas Drive, making a total of a 40 foot right-of-way along the USA property
at the Golf Course.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and 

carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

1-8-58