OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 17th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held on the 17th day of April, 1940 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti, City Attorney and City
Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Krause.

Mayor Russell read to the Board a report of his findings in regard to the City Budget for
1940 and the yearly report of 1939 and at the close of this reading ask for the resignation of
A.W.Blackman, City Auditor.

The following motion was introduced: At this time I so move that the City Clerk be instruct-
ed to wait upon the District Judge and ask that the Judge call s grand jury investigation of
City, County and School affairs as Mayor Russell expressed dissatisfaction at the present set-up.

The above and foregoing motion was introduced by Commissioner Ronnow and seconded by Commis-
sioner Gilbert and the vote was as follows: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Krause.

Mayor Russell ask at this time to have incorporated into the minutes his reasons for ask-
ing for the resignation of A.W. Blackman.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the Mayor's reasons for asking for the resignation of A.W. Blackman be stricken from
the minutes as it was the personal opinion of the Mayor and not the Boards.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting no.

Mayor Russell ask that the Clerk keep on file his written opinion and copy of his findings
as same where handed to said Clerk.

Juvenile Officer John Cahlan appeared before the Board in regard to the sale of liquors to
minors and informed the Board the boy making the purchase of liquor had stated that his purchases
were made at the Boulder Liquor Store, owned and operated by Peter Pansey and that said juvenile
had shown said officer the store in which he made the purchases.	At	this time	Mr. Cahlan ask

that the Board take steps to close said business until such	time	as	a hearing	might be heard.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Boulder Liquor Store, owned by Peter Pansey be closed until such time as a hearing
might be	had in regard to the sale of liquors to	juveniles. This	order issued upon	the recommend-
ation of	both Juvenile Officer Cahlan and Chief	of	Police Wait.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Mr. Busch and Mr. Kimball appeared before the Board in regard to additional fire insurance
on City owned property and contents After some discussion it was the unanimously opinion that
no change be made in the present form of policies at this time.

On	motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded	by	Commissioner	Corradetti	it was	moved and 	car-
ried that the slot machine application of the Vegas	Sweet Shoppe	be grated.	Said application 	being 

for 28 machines.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this	time	on	motion of	Commissioner

Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and	carried	that this	meeting recess

until Saturday the 20th day of April, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. at which time the Board would
consider the hearing of Peter Pansey.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting ave. Noes

none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Saturday the 20th day of April at the hour of 7:30PM.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 20th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of April, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Minutes of April 16th, and 17th read approved as read.

This being the time set for hearing in regard to sale of liquor to minors and said pur-
chases being made at the liquor store of Peter Pansey that Board at once considered this matter.