2

b.	Driveways and private entrances - where car storage
space on any lot or parcel of ground is accessible
from the street, provision should be made for drive-
ways extending from the street pavement to garage,
including the surfacing thereof between the roadway
and property line or street line. Where there is no
garage, such driveways should be provided at least
to the building line or any car port or automobile
storage space behind said building line.

The City Engineer to approve all profiles, cross
sections, and construction specifications.

2. Utilities

All lots shall be served with:

a. Adequate water supply including fire hydrants for
fire protection - Fire Chief to ap rove location and kind.

b.	Sewage facilities - either by City Sewer or septic
tank as ap roved by the City Health Officer.

c.	Electricity

d.	The subdivider or developer shall furnish statements
from the utilities with which agreements have been
made to service the tract, certifying that said
utilities will furnish the services necessary.

The installation of improvements is to comply with specifications
and standards of the City of Las Vegas.

Approval of the final subdivision map shall not be made until
all street profiles, cross sections, grading plans and
architectural arrangements of housing units are submitted to
and approved by the City departments concerned.

It is further recommended that the owner of this subdivision
shall concurrently, with the approval of the final sub-division
map by the Board of City Commissioners, enter into an agreement
with the City, agreeing to complete improvements designated.

If the designated improvements have not been completed within
an agreed period of time, an extension may be authorized at
the discretion of the Board, or the Board shall cause such
improvements to be completed in accordance with the terms of
the aforesaid agreement. Such agreement should be secured by
a good and sufficient performance bond or other negotiable
guarantee in an amount not to exceed the cost of the improve-
ment and approved by the Board of City Commissioners. Any
application for the release of any such bond or guarantee
shall be accompanied by a certificate by the City Engineer,
stating that all required improvements have been satisfactorily
completed in accordance with the terms of said agreement, and
no such bond or guarantee should be released or returned until
such certificate Shall first have been filed with the Board of
City Commissioners

Thereafter, Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendation
of the Planning Commission relative to Russell Tract be approved
together with the tentative map thereof. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MUDDY VALLEY	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Clerk be directed to send

IRRIGATION CO.	the following wire to the members of Congress in Washington, D. C:

FLOOD CONTROL

	Hon. P. A. McCarran

Hon. Geo. W. Malone
Hon. Chas. Russell

Dear______________________:

The City of Las Vegas has a keen interest in problems presented
you by the Muddy Valley Irrigation Company through their correspondence
of March 6th, 1948.

The undersigned concurs fully in the request made by those people.

It is urged that everything possible be done to insure the Army
Engineers getting their investigations completed at an early date.

Overcoming the flood menace thereby making secure that which now
maintains and that which will be added through the Bureau of
Reclamation Program will be of inestimable value to all of Southern
Nevada.

Very truly yours,

THE LAS VEGAS CITY COMMISSIONERS
By E. W. Cragin, Mayor
or By J. M. Murphy, City Manager