OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

JUNE 4th, 1941

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of June, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present: Hon. Howell C. Garrison, Mayor; Commissioners: A. F. Smith, Sr., Pat Clark,

A. P. Rubidoux and M. C. Tinch, City attorney Paul Ralli and the Clerk and Deputy City
Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read.

It appearing that the Minutes failed to show that the Clerk had been authorized to
advertise bids for the erection of a control tower at the airport, and upon the unanimous
vote of the commissioners and his Honor the Mayor, the Minutes were amended and approved
as amended.

It appearing to the satisfaction of his Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, that the newly
elected city officials were duly qualified to take office according to the requirements of
set forth in the City Charter and he therefore declared them legally seated.

His Honor, at this time, declared any temporary appointments heretofore made, vacated,
and made the following appointments. Police and fire commissioner - M. C. Tinch;

Finance and revenue commissioner - A. F. "ART" Smith, Sr.,; Streets and public property -
A. P. Rubidoux; Water, sewer and lights - Pat Clark.

A. A. Hinman, Esq., presented a motion to the Board to open Judgment in the matter
of the proceedings of John L. Russell and for a new trial, and after reading said motion
and affidavit attached thereto, offered in support thereof certain authorities and submitted
the matter to the Board. Thereafter, it was referred to the city attorney who stated that
he would give an opinion at the next regular meeting.

 The Clerk read a letter from Harry H. Austin, Esq., relating to a right of way for
the Government for a sewerage line at the airport to the point of discharge. Mr. Austin,
who was present, offered to assist the Board in any way possible to facilitate matters,
and presented a map showing the proposed sewerage line.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the description of the property be turned over to the
City Attorney for study. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote? Aye, Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and his Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison. Noes, none.

The Clerk read a letter from the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Post 1753, and the
American Legion, Post No. 8, which was an invitation to, attend a Banquet in honor of the
officers and men of Battery D, 121st Separate Battalion, Coast Artillary Corps, Anti-
aircraft, on Thursday evening June 19th, in the War Memorial Building.

A. G. Blad, Municipal Judge, appeared before the Board at this time and requested a
week or eight days leave of absence. Request granted.

Walter Bates, Commander of the American Legion Post #8, appeared before the Board
in regard to their taking some action for remodeling the Memorial Building heretofore
damaged by fire. The Mayor stated that the matter would be referred to the proper
authorities.

A. Grant appeared before the Board at this time and requested that they contribute
at least $250.00 to the United Service Organization.

The Clerk read a letter from W. D. Vance regarding plans for a gas plant at the
Airport. Mr. Clark made a motion that the plans be accepted and a lease given to Mr.

Vance. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. The Clerk then polled the Board with the
following answering in the affirmative: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor, the Mayor.
Noes, none. Thereafter, the matter was referred to the City Attorney.

The Clerk, at this time, presented the report of the City Judge for approval.

Mr. Clark moved that the report of the City Judge for the month of May, 1941 be approved.
Seconded by Mr. Tinch. Thereafter, the Clerk polled the Board with the following
answering in the affirmative: Smith, Tinch, Clerk, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor.

Noes, none.

The application of M. E. "Mike" Leavitt for the position of street supervisor was
read. Mr. Smith moved that the application be placed in the files for future reference.

Seconded by Mr. Tinch. The Clerk then polled the Board with all answering in the affirm-
ative.

A request for slot machine license for the Overland Hotel having been presented to the
Board, and upon motion by Mr. Rubidoux seconded by Mr. Clark, the Clerk polled the Board
as follows: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor, the Mayor answering in the
affirmative. Noes, none.

The application of Sophia Noon for a beer license was presented. Madison B. Graves, Esq.,
appeared at this time on behalf of Mrs. Noon. Upon motion of Mr. Tinch, seconded by
Mr. Smith and upon the polling of the Board as follows: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
his Honor answering in the affirmative, noes none, the motion was carried. The matter was
referred to the City Attorney.

The matter of rental of the War Memorial Hall to the Southern Nevada Cooperative
Concert Association was upon motion by Mr. Smith, seconded by My. Rubidoux and upon the
polling of the Board as follows: Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor, the Mayor
answering in the affirmative deferred for decision.

Bids on an office desk were opened at this time. Albright's bid being in the sum
of $117.00. The bid of the Office Equipment Company being the sum of $105.75. The matter