E.C.Waterman, of Oakland California appeared before the Board in regard to the leasing of the
ground purchased by the City to be used as a municipal airport. Mr. Waterman stated to the Board
that he would present in writing to the Board for its consideration his plans for the operation of
an airport. He stated that the port would be open for use by any air craft that might desire the
use of the field, and that student training field would be maintained there.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 16th day of September, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 16th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of September, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Marble and Ward,
and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Farnsworth and City Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the letter received from The "Eureka Fire Hose Co." be referred to the Fire Chief Case for
explanation and recommendation.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Waterman appeared before the Board and presented for its consideration his proposal
for the leasing of the airport. No action was taken but Mr. Waterman was assured that the
Board would consider his proposal at such a time when all members of said Board were present.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
a letter from the Associated Oil Company asking permission for the use of a small portion of
South Main Street for the erection of gas pumps be referred to C.D.Baker for investigation, and
report at the next meeting of the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
M.L. Dougan be given permission to move into the City of Las Vegas a small house to be situated
on a lot on the NW corner of 9th & Bridger Streets, amd that C.D.Baker City Building Inspector
grant the necessary permits and make the necessary inspections.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 28th day of September at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 28th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 28th day of September, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mayor Arnett, absent.

The Board at this time discussed the business of enforcing Section 23 of Ordinance No. 36
whereby all persons having property abutting on a sewer main or lateral must connect on to said
sewer.

The Clerk was directed to have some publicity give this matter before The Board of Com-
missioners should issue an order forcing said property owner to connect to sewers.

The City Attorney brought to the attention of the Board the fact that the Assay Office
located at the corner of 6th & Clark Streets in the City of Las Vegas, and the herd of cattle
of the Oppedyk Dairy on North Main Street were proving very unsanitary and numerous complaints
had been received in regard to both locations.

Mr. Taylor City Attorney was directed to write the operator of the Assay office and in-
form him that no license for the operation of same would be issued in the future. That said
office must be located in the commercial district.