PROPOSAL OF

V. D. EACHUS
Stewart Burial Land

REJECTION OF BIDS
BID NO. 54.17

STEWART STREET
EXCAVATION
Ideal Paving

SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT
Diversion Channel Head
Gate

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS
Madison & "L"

Sunny Pl. & "N"



"M" & Madison

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Director of Public Works presents a proposal and requested approval to pay
V. D. Eachus $200.00 to clean off the brush and mesquite on the Stewart Burial Land.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Director of Public
Works be approved and that Mr. Eachus be paid $200.00 for this project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board discussed with the Director of Public Works the matter of bids for
the construction of an addition to the existing Garage and Rest Rooms in city Park.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved all bids on Bid No. 54.17 the Addition to the existing
Garage and Restrooms in City Park be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the payment for extra work on Stewart Street Excavation to Ideal
Paving in the amount of $5,387.20 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the
warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 At this time the Board considered the request of the Director of Public Works for a purchase
order in the amount of of $3,125.00 for Diversion Channel Head Gate construction at the
Disposal Plant.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this request be approved and the Director of Public Works
be authorized to issue a purchase order for $3,125.00 for a Diversion Channel Head Gate
construction at the Sewage Disposal Plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of right-of-way deed for street purposes
on Madison and "L" Streets, dated the 2nd day of July, 1954, executed by Herman and Johnnie
Mae King.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 7th day of July, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 2nd day of July,

1954, executed by Herman and Johnnie Mae King to the city of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and the real property, described therein be, and is hereby
accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, state of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of right-of-way deeds for street purposes on
Sunny Place and "N" Streets, dated and executed as follows:

a. Dated June 10, 1954, executed by Vidalur Jefferson & Nancy Johnson

b. Dated July 2, 1954, executed by Otis and Florence Harris

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 7th	day of	July, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas, County of	Clark,	State of Nevada, that the deeds dated as follows and

executed by the following named persons:

a.	Dated June 10, 1954, executed by Vidalur Jefferson & Nancy Johnson

b.	Dated July 2, 1954, executed by Otis and Florence Harris

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,	that a	copy of this resolution be attached to said deeds, and	that

the same be recorded in	the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State	of

Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes
on "M" and Madison Avenues, dated the 16th day of June, 1954, executed by LaVerston Moore.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of July, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 16th day of June, 1954,
executed by LaVerston Moore, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

7-7-54