L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner

H.P. Marble_____.

 Commissioner

M.E.Ward________

Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Called meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the
14th day of December, 1935 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

he following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, 
City Attorney and City Clerk. Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

The Board at once entered into a discussion on the matter of Mayor Arnett, and Com-
missioner Marble making a trip to Washington D.C. and laying before the Department of Air
Commerce the necessity of the City of Las Vegas erecting a municipal airport, and the
securing of financial aid from the government for the erection of same.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by com-
missioner Down it was moved and carried that Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Marble go to
Washington D.C. in regard to securing aid from the government for the construction of a
municipal airport, and that the necessary expense be stood by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business to come before the meeting the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 20th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 20th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty

o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Farnsworth,
and Ward, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Marble on official business in Washington D.C.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
DECEMBER 18th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the
18th day of December, 1935 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following Present, Jas. H. Down, Mayor pro tern, Commissioners
Farnsworth, and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Marble.

At this time and ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance defining Garbage and Rubbish and
regulating the collection and disposal of garbage and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas,
and matters relating thereto and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions
thereof and repealing certain ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith,
and other matters relating thereto," was read aloud, for the first time and voted upon
this 18th day of December, 1935, with the following vote, Commissioners Farnsworth, and
Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down, voting aye. Noes, none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 216 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
published once each week for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 20th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty
o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem