Commissioner Sharp said that P. J., John and Rita Buckley should familiarize
themselves with this ordinance. No further action was taken by the Board.

LICENSE REVOCATION	At this time Mr. W. Howard Adams was present to show cause why his gambling

Eldorado Arcade	license for the Eldorado Arcade, 4 Fremont Street, should not be revoked. The

W. Howard. Adams	Police and License Departments reports indicated that juveniles were being

	permitted to play the slot machines at this location.

Mr. Herb Jones, representing Mr. Adams, stated that this arcade was a novelty
shop and that it was difficult to watch the slot machines which were situated
in the front of the arcade. He stated that these slot machines had been re-
arranged so that they could be more easily observed, and that his client would
see that his employee is aware of the laws.

His Honor asked if Mrs. Napton still worked at the Eldorado Arcade. Mr. Jones
stated that she did.

Mayor Baker said that Mrs. Napton had advised the Police Department that she did
not know what was required to ascertain the age of a person playing the slot
machines.

Mr Jones said that if it were the wish of the Commission, Mrs. Napton would be
discharged.

Commissioner Bunker stated that it would be up to them to see that someone
watched the slot machines; and that if it were necessary to request them to appear
before the Commission again their license would be revoked.

ANNEXATION	At this time the Board considered the petition of Charles J. Lewis and Walter De-

Charles J. Lewis &	Courcey for annexation of NE¼, NW¼ and the S½, NW¼ and the N½, SW¼ of Section 30,

Walter DeCourcey	T20S, R62E, MDB&M. This petition was approved by the Planning Commission. The

	matter was deferred from August 17, 1955 to secure additional owner's signature,

letter from the Las Vegas Valley Water District and proposal for provision of
access street to subdivision.

Mr. Lewis and Mr. DeCourcey agreed to provide an access street of approximately
one mile and to hook onto the sewer which has a lift station at the present time.
They further agreed that when the new plant is installed, and they can use the
gravity flow line, they will connect to this facility.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the petition of Charles J. Lewis and Walter De-
Courcey for annexation of NE¼, NW¼ and the S½, NW¼ and the N½, SW¼ of Section 30,
T20S, R62E, MDB&M, be approved subject to the signing of an agreement concerning
the access road and the sewer disposal system.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the Jewish

Jewish Community	Community Center. He stated that they had endeavored to find a suitable location

Center	for the center and had found a 17 acre parcel just this side of the new Methodist

U-31-55	Church at 17th and Oakey. He said that their purchase of this land was conditioned

	upon their getting a use permit from the Commission, and that if they did not

sign the contract within 60 days they would lose the land.

Mr. Zenoff further stated that Thursday night was the annual meeting of the Syna-
gogue and he would like to be able to bring them the good news of the granting of
the use permit so that they could hold the ground breaking ceremony on Sunday.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this use permit be granted subject to recommenda-
tion of the Board of Adjustment and the signing of an agreement to install public
improvements including paving, curbs, gutters and sidewalks, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of September, 1955; having considered
the application of the Jewish Community Center for a use permit to construct a syna-
gogue and classrooms including parking area on property located at the NW corner
of 17th Street and Oakey Boulevard (404' x 500'), in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of the Jewish Community Center for a use permit to construct a synagogue and class-
rooms including parking area on property located at the NW corner of 17th Street
and Oakey Boulevard (404' x 500'), in an R-1 zone be approved subject to recommenda-
tions of the Board of Adjustment and the signing of an agreement to install public
improvements including paving, curbs, gutters and sidewalks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously.

At the hour of 8:15 P.M. the Board recessed, reconvening at 8:30 P.M. with all
members present as of the opening session.

USE PERMIT	At this time the Board considered the application of Ola Gamer to develop and

Ola Gamer	operate a trailer court on property situated at 1417 North H Street. This applica-

U-29-55	tion was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to the amended plot plan and

	the installation of a four foot block fence.

9-21-55