CHARLESTON PARK #2
Release of Bond

MARYCREST ESTATES
Release of Bond

PARADISE GROVES
Release of Bond

SIGNAL SYSTEM ON
SOUTH 5TH STREET

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Lloyd L. and Rita
McCray St. John

Gerry & Eva McClure
Jack Leavitt, et al

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. Charles

I.West for a Variance to vary the use of R-1 zone by maintaining a doctor's office
in connection with the residence at 605 Wyatt Street, he approved subject to the
restrictions of the Board of Adjustment, and the inspection departments are authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett; absent,

Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer G. E. Wade recommended acceptance and release of the bond on Charleston
Park #2. This would also include release of the contingency agreement on Charleston
Park #1 relative to the street lights.

Commissioner Whipple moved acceptance and release of the bond on Charleston Park #2
and release of the contingency agreement on Charleston Park #1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer G. E. Wade recommended acceptance and release of the bond on Marycrest
Estates, subject to the installation of a fire hydrant at Canosa.

Mr. John Mowbray was present representing Marycrest Estates and Father Ryan.

Mr. Mowbray objected to the installation of this fire hydrant due to the fact that
the subdivider had originally installed it and it was removed when Canosa was vacated.

Commissioner Sharp moved this subdivision be accepted and the bond released subject
to the installation of the fire hydrant at Canosa.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

Acceptance and release of the bond on Paradise Groves was recommended by City Engineer
G. E. Wade.

Commissioner Sharp indicated that he was the architect on the original Paradise Groves
project.

Commissioner Whipple moved acceptance and release of the bond on Paradise Groves.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett said that he writes insurance on this subdivision.

At this time the Board considered the agreement for the installation and maintenance
of the Signal System to be installed by the State Highway Department on South 5th Street.

This matter was held in abeyance until the next meeting because two signals required by
the Police Department are not included in this agreement.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for Schedules
"B" and "C" Trunk Sewer purposes executed by Lloyd L. and Rita McCray St. John, deed
dated November 17, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, seconded by Commissioner Whipple and duly carried,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of December, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 17th

day of November, 1954, executed by Lloyd L. and Rita McCray St. John to the City of

Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described

therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed on Atlantic
Blvd. for street purposes executed by Gerry and Eva McClure, deed dated November 22, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, seconded by Commissioner Whipple and duly carried,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of December, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the, 22nd day
of November, 1954, executed by Gerry and Eva McClure to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed at Franklin and
16th for street purposes executed by Jack Leavitt et al, deed dated November 30, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, seconded by Commissioner Whipple and duly carried,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

12-1-54