BUILDING PERMIT -
R.B. Griffith

APPLICATION TO
MOVE HOUSE
William Kenny

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-17
CHARLESTON BLVD.
INTERSECTION IMPR.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-22
Opening of Bid

BUILDING PERMIT
ISSUANCE

R/W EASEMENT -
Lincoln County
Power

concerning said District has been filed in her office prior to said meeting and filed a

certificate with the Board of Commissioners to that effect.

His Honor then asked if there was anyone present who wished to make any suggestions, objec-
tions or comments on this proposed assessment district.

At this time the following property owners in the area to be improved appeared before the
Board in protest, generally stating that they felt the cost for the type of improvement in-
volved was excessive:

Dean Breeze

Mr. P. C. Bennett, 1313 South 13th Street
Rebecca Peterson, 600 Tonopah Drive
Harold Van Buren, 526 Tonopah Drive
Paul McDermott, 217 North 12th Street
Norman Christensen
Chester Oxborrow
 Robert Morrison
G. E. Keisur
Mrs. Roger

Mr. Frank Ryan stated that he was in favor of this district.

Thereafter the matter was discussed and the Mayor requested the property owners to adjourn
to the auditorium with the Engineer and Comptroller to discuss the matter further and report
back to the Commission later in the meeting.

Mr. R. B. Griffith appeared before the Board at this time relative to his request for a build-
ing permit in the Griffith Tract. The matter was discussed and referred to the Building De-
partment for disposition.

Mr. Larry Stecher appeared before the Commission at this time, on behalf of Mr. William Kenny,
requesting permission to move a house located at 128 South 4th Street on to Lots 27 and 28,
Block 3, Boulder Dam Homesite #3.

The following persons protested this proposed moving of this house:

Fred Stone, 1821 Marlin
Mr. Harris, 1806 Marlin
D. R. Johnson, 1800 Elm

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that in view of protests that have been voiced and in
view of his conviction that this is not good for the neighborhood or any neighborhood, the
moving of an old house into a residential area, this permit be denied.

This motion died for lack of a second.

Further discussion was held.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved a committee be appointed to investigate this matter to-
morrow and make recommendations back to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple were appointed on this committee.

The request of J. M. Murphy Construction Company for extension to June 15th to start the
seal and chips on Charleston Boulevard intersections and Assessment District No. 100-17
was deferred until June 17, 1953.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the improvement of Charleston
Boulevard between 10th and 13th Streets, known as Assessment District No. 100-22, bids were
received and opened from the following firms:

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO.	$73,741.00

GENERAL BUILDERS	83,807.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Comptroller
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter the City Manager recommended that the bid of the Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. be
accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and the bid of
Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. on Assessment District No. 100-22 in the total amount of $73.731.00
be awarded subject to their filing the required performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Building Department be instructed to issue building permits in
accordance with line and grade and set back.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of the Lincoln County Power District No. 1 easement to relocate their power line
across property belonging to the City in the vicinity of Nellis Air Force Base was presented
to the Commission for consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request for easement be granted and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

6-3-33