BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered
the application of William Reynolds for variance to convert a two car garage
into personal living quarters at 530 South 6th Street, in a C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application on the grounds that the property was recently rezoned for com-
mercial uses and therefore its development for additional residential uses would
be incompatible;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of William
Reynolds for variance to convert a two car garage into personal living quarters
at 530 South 6th Street, in a C-1 zone, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE V-19-56	Consideration was given to the application of Mrs. J.G.Brown to allow a single-

Mrs. J.G. Brown	faced sign to be erected at 2318 Fairfield Avenue on the northwest corner of Cin-

	cinnati and Fairfield, in an R-4 zone.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment had denied the appli-
cation on the grounds that the size and character of the sign was completely incom-
patible and out of character in an R-4 neighborhood.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Mrs. J.G. Brown for variance
to allow a single-faced sign to be erected at 2318 Fairfield Avenue on the northwest
comer of Cincinnati and Fairfield be denied and the Clerk instructed to draft a
resolution of denial, which is hereby adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered the appli-
cation of Mrs. J.G. Brown for variance to allow a single-faced sign to be erected at
2318 Fairfield Avenue on the northwest comer of Cincinnati and Fairfield, in an R-4
zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application on the grounds that the size and character of the sign was com-
pletely incompatible and out of character in an R-4 neighborhood;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mrs. J.G.

Brown for a variance to allow a single-faced sign to be erected at 2318 Fairfield
Avenue on the northwest comer of Cincinnati and Fairfield, in an R-4 zone, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE - V-20-56	The Commission considered the application of A.G. Williams for variance to construct

A.G. Williams	an addition to a dwelling to within 7'6" of the rear lot line at 200 North 15th

Street, in an R-1 zone.

Mr. Bills stated that this application had been denied by the Board of Adjustment
on the basis that the applicant failed to show any unusual or unnecessary hardship,
the applicant's lot has sufficient ground to allow him to make the proposed ad-
dition to his home in conformity with the Ordinance.

Mr. Williams was present and stated that if he had to revise his plans it would
put his house in front of the neighboring houses and would cost him three times
as much money.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of A.G. Williams for variance
to construct an addition to a dwelling to within 7'6" of the rear lot line at 200
North 15th Street be approved subject to the posting of a bond in the amount of
$574.75 for the installation of off-site improvements, and the Clerk instructed
to draft a resolution of approval, which is hereby adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered
the application of A.G. Williams for variance to construct an addition to a
dwelling to within 7'6" of the rear lot line at 200 North 15th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment de-
nying this application on the basis that the applicant failed to show any unusual
or unnecessary hardship and the applicant's lot having sufficient ground to allow
him to make this proposed addition to his home in conformity with the Ordinance;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that the application of A.G.

Williams for variance to construct an addition to a dwelling to within 7'6"
of the rear lot line at 200 North 15th Street be approved subject to the posting
of a bond for the installation of off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain,Bunker, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 9.10 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9.30
P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

OWENS AVENUE GRADE CROSSING        City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that previously they had authorized the

payment of $4500 to Susan Mankiewicz and $6,000 to Ancell Brown to secure the right
of way for the Owens Avenue Grade Crossing.

Mr. John Foley representing Susan Mankiewicz and Ancell Brown appeared at this time
before the Board.