Consideration was given to the application of Cameron Collister
dba C. D. Service, a new operator, for licenses for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products. The Police Department
recommended favorably on this applicant.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for licenses for
the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

HIGGIN'S MOTEL	1801 South 5th	C.D.	Service

SKY-RANCH MOTEL	2009 Fremont	C.D.	Service

BONANZA MOTEL	1808 Fremont	C.D.	Service

AMBASSADOR MOTEL	902 Fremont	C.D.	Service

ARROWHEAD GARAGE	930 North Main	C.D.	Service

HARLEY DAVISON SALES &

SER.	723 South 1st	C.D.	Service

ELLINGHAM'S BODY	SHOP	1066 South Main	C.D.	Service

A-ACTION GARAGE	1238 South Main	C.D.	Service

WESTERN STATE DISTRIBUTOR 905 South Main	C.D. Service

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Planning Director Bills reported at this time on a recommendation from
the Planning Department concerning certain changes in the Zoning Ordin-
ances to permit the processing of home occupation business licenses by
menas of a Use Permit. Mr. Bills explained that there are a sizeable
number of business licenses being issued for "border-line commercial
uses" in residential zones. He pointed out that if the City is not
careful there is a tendency for the situation to become out of hand.

The Planning Director stated that the Planning Department felt that if
there were minor changes made to the definition of "Home Occupation" in
the Zoning Ordinance as well as changes in the present ordinance to
channel all such applications through the Board of Zoning Adjustment
and be processed as Use Permits.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioner Fountain as a committee to work with
the City Attorney and the Planning Department on this recommendation,
and report back to the Commission.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.35 for
the sale of surplus equipment no longer needed by the City of Las Vegas,
namely an accounting machine and heating and cooling equipment removed
from the City Jail, bids were received from the following:

GENERAL ENGINEERING	$552.00	- Bidding on all items except #9

SERVICE	(Electric Motor) and #10 (account-

ing machine)

ANDREW C. SWANSON	75.00	- Bidding only on item #2, Steel

Hot Water Tank

NATIONAL CASH REGISTER CO. 395.00	- Bidding only on item #10 (Account-

ing Machine)

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissions Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Mayor Baker announced that within thirty to sixty days the additions and
alterations of the City Jail will be completed and ready for use, provid-
ing the City with more than ample provisions to care for prisoners. His
Honor suggested that an offer be made to Clark County for them to use a
portion of the City's facilities for the detention of County prisoners.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Manager and City Attorney make a
study of this suggestion and contact Clark County officials to see if they
are interested and wish to negotiate for the use of a portion of the City's
Jail facilities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that invitations to bid on
the paving of Bonanza Road between 13th and 14th had been advertised for
opening on August 16, 1957, but no bids were received. Mr. Kennedy ex-
plained that the Engineering Department had written letters to the local

CIGARETTE APPLICATION
New Operator

BUSINESS LICENSES
IN RESIDENTIAL
ZONES

Home Occupations

BID NO. 57.35 -
Sale of Surplus
Equipment

Opening

USE OF CITY JAIL
Clark County

PAVING OF BONANZA
13th to 14th

Informal Bids