the assessment on block No. 20 Twenty, so that the same shall be assessed on the four hundred feet

of frontage on Second street at the rate of $.6566 per foot of frontage, amounting to $262.64.



That when corrected as hereby directed said rolls corrected shall be presented by the said Clerk to
this Board for its approval. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, Curtiss, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Thereupon, motion of Commissioner Sullivan and a seconded by Commissioner Griffith, the
following resolution was duly adopted. Whereas, it appears to this Board upon a review of the
assessment made in District No, 3, for the south side of Fremont Street, as they appear upon the
special assessment roll for said District filed by the Assessor in the office of the City Clerk
February 28, 1914 and numbered " Three", that such assessment will result in the production of a
fund greatly in excess of the final estimates and greatly in excess of the cost of the improvement
so far as the same is to be paid under special assessment proceeding and further that the assess-
ment on each lot is greatly in excess of the amount required to be levied in order to raise
the necessary fund required for the expense of such improvement; that the fund so raised, taken
in connection with the excess to be paid by the City, would amount to $2403, 00 and would
constitute and assessment of $68.66 on each lot as shown on said roll, except in such case* where
lots are assessable only for the portion of such sum of $68.66 as does not exceed twenty per cent.
of their assessed valuation as provided by charter.	And whereas, it appears to this Board

that the total cost of the improvement in said District No, 3, created under special assessment
proceedings, and payable by special assessment and out of general funds of the City in cases of
insufficient assessed valuation of lots to meet pro rata proportions of the cost, is estimated
to be, and the items thereof are declared to be now estimated as follows:

5750 sq.ft. of sidewalk work at an agreed price of 11 3/4 cts per square ft.	$675.62

Advertising ordinances and notices	44.45

Estimated cost of Inspector	25.00

Making a total estimate of	$755.07

That such cost is to be distributed to 35 lots of the frontage of 25 ft. each abutting
on such improvement, and that the pro rara part to each lot, except in cases where the excess would
amount to more than twenty per cent. of the assessed value of any lot (as by charter provided),
would be $21.28 per lot. And whereas, it appears proper to this Board, in order to avoid a disp-
roportionately excessive assessment on each lot in said district, that said assessment roll be
and the same is hereby ordered to be corrected by the Clerk of this Board on behalf of this Board
so that the same will show a levy upon each lot in said District No, 3, of the sum of $21.28
except as to those lots where said sum would exceed twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation
of such lots as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation,
and in such last mentioned instance the roll shall show a levy upon each such lot of an amount
equal to twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation of such lot as aforesaid, and the balance of
the $21.28 as shall be in excess of such twenty per cent. valuation as aforesaid shall be charged to
the City of Las Vegas and paid from the general funds of the City, and the distribution to each
such lot and to the City of Las Vegas shall be indicated upon said assessment roll; that when so
corrected said roll as corrected shall be presented by said Clerk to this Board for its approval.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan ays, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the following
resolution was duly adopted. Whereas, it appears to this Board upon a review of the assessment
made in District No, 4, for the North Side of Fremont street, as they appear upon the special
Assessment roll for said District filed by the assessor in the office of the City Clerk February
28, 1914 and numbered " four", that such assessment will result in the production of a fund greatly
in excess of the final estimates and greatly in excess of the cost of the improvement so far as the
same is to be paid under special assessment proceeding and further that the assessment on each lot