the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Due to the constant growth of increased business and insufficient help in the City
Clerk's office together with the fact there is an opportunity to obtain a reputable person
who is a competent bookkeeper, typist and PBX operator, Commissioner Smith, moved that Miss
Babe Culley be employed for service in said office at a salary of $125 per month and placed
on the city payroll February 16, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark read a letter from Dr. Ernest Newman regarding the quarterly check
due the Clark County Department of Health.

	

Commissioner Smith moved that the quarterly allowance of $1250 less $65 rent for quarters
in the War Memorial Building be paid during the Month of March, and that Dr. Newman be so

notified. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the salary of the school guards be increased from $3
to $4 per day beginning January 15th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Claim of the Market Spot for $148.09 and Cornet's

5 & 10¢ Store for $23.25 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the foll-
owing vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark moved that bids on the west wing addition to the War Memorial Building
be laid over until the 11th of February. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until February 11th, 1942 at the

hour of 7:30 P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 11, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on this 11th
day of February, 1942. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor HOwell C. Garrison, at
7:30 P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners Clark and Rubidoux. City
Attorney, Paul Ralli, City Clerk Helen Scott. Purchasing Agent, LeRoy Whipple.

Absent; Commissioners Smith and Tinch.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and ordered corrected to show that the
recommendations of the Defense Council were in opposition to the proposed amendment to the
milk ordinance instead of for as heretofore shown.

Thereafter the Minutes were approved as corrected.

Bids on the building of the new Administration building at the airport were opened
from the following contractors. A. J. Scherer - $33,850.00 less $2350.00 for a heating
system. H. B. Nicholson - $41,760.00.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of O. J. Scherer be accepted in the sum of
$33,850.00 less $2350.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

