SECTION 7. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held* invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of
this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any
way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 8. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of
Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

SECTION 9. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in
the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication
thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 2nd day of February, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the
following result:	Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Sharp that all
rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and
adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for
the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said Emergency Ordinance
at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in
full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Sharp seconded the
motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage,
the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its
final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and
as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion. The question
being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the
following result:	Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted as
an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 629.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

2-2-55