On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Down the following liquor licenses
for the year 1937 were granted:

Tavern licenses to Al Salton, Sam Stearns, Bank Tavern, Golden Camel, Peter Pansey, and
Ethel Rapoport.

Wholesale liquor licenses to Amce Distributing Co. Upderhill Brothers and J.T. Watters.
Wholesale beverage license to Outpost Trading Co.

Sealed package liquor licenses to Read City Drug and Jake Ensley.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time a letter was read to the Board from the Cemetery Board asking that it be granted
permission to negotiate with the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; for the purchase of abut ten (10)
acres adjoining the cemetery to be used for additional burial grounds and also to proceed with
an extension to the sprinkling system.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the recommendation of the Cemetery Board be granted and that the Cemetery Board purchase from
the Las Vegas Land and Water Co. ten (10) acres of ground to be used for burial purposes, and
that said Board secure bids for pipe for addition to the sprinkling system.

Vote was Commissioners Down, and Krause, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 8th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 8th day of January 1937 at the hour of seven O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble,

City Clark and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Platt of the Nevada Horticultural Association appeared before the Board in regard to the
planting of additional trees and shrubs in the City Park.

No definite action was taken on this matter at this time.

A.H. Harrington appeared before the Board in regard to insurance for city owned property.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the letter from the insurance company Mr. Harrington represented be handed to City Attorney
Taylor for investigation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Hampton, Mr. Worswick and Mr. Blackman, of the Board of Appraisal presented to the Board
a report of its findings in regard to the value of the City buildings as same may be consid-
ered for insurance.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Board of City Commissioners accept the report of the Board of Appraisal and that the
said Board be dismissed with a vote of thanks.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The reports, both written and pictorial to be permanent records and to be filed in the office
of the City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
all slot machine license applications presented to the Board at this time be granted. All appli-
cations being in proper order and money on file with + he clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause the following retail beverage
licenses for the year 1937 were granted:

Sophis Noon, Thos. L. Adams, E.F. Noon, Blaine Johnson, G. Lopez, Sam Mikulich, W.R.Van Eaton,
W.C.Schultz, Jake Ensley

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co. Inc. be granted a wholesale beverage license for the
year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until 20th day of January, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.