Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
HiS Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A.R. Thompson appeared before the Board with the plat of Fisher's Fremont Street
Subdivision, Boulder Dam Highway's First Sub-Division, for the approval of the Board.

Said plat being approved by the City Planing Commission, signed by A.W. Ham, President	

and R.B. Griffith Sec. Proof of the title of the ownership being also presented to the
Board.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the plat be approved, and that the Mayor Pro Tem W.C .German sign for the City, owing to
the absence for the Mayor from the meeting at this time, plat also tote attest by the
City Clerk under the seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His
Honor W.C. German, mayor pro tem voting Aye. Noes none.

This being the time set to review the assessments heretofore made and reported to
the Board under Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas to defray the costs of making
improvements by grading for and surfacing with read mixed oil graveled surface and con-
structing hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (combined) on certain streets and por-
tions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, and the Ex-Officio City Assessor being present,
and no objections being made to said assessments, and said Board and said Ex-Officio
City Assessor thereupon proceeded to review said assessments, said assessment roll being
designated as Special Assessment Roll No. 15.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that said assessment Roll No. 15 for Street Improvements, made under the
provisions of Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby approved
and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and that the City Clerk
shall endorse upon said roll the date of confirmation as provided by the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas, and in substantially the following form, to-wit:

State of Nevada	)

County of Clark	: SS

City of Las Vegas.)

I, Viola Burns, the duly elected, sworn, qualified and acting City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, do hereby certify that the
foregoing special assessment roll, prepared under Ordinance No. 176 for the purpose of
leving an assessment (special) for the purpose of paying that part of the costs which
the Board decided should be paid and borne by special assessment for making certain
improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and surfacing with road mixed oiled
graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (combined)
upon the following streets and protions of streets in the City of Las Vegas.: Fremont
Street from Eighth Street to Twelfth Street, From west side of Eighth Street to the
west side of Twelfth Street, was by resolution of said Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas approved by said Board on the 5th day of October, 1931, and declared by
such Resolution to constitute a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land assessed,
and such assessments were directed to be immediately due and payable.

In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of the said City of
Las Vegas, at my office in said City this 5th day of October, 1931.

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such assessment roll, with said certificate of said
Clerk be immediately delivered to said Ex-Officio City Assessor by said Clerk and that said
Ex-Officio Assessor record such assessment roll in a Book to be kept permanently for such
purpose and certify to such recordation.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said assessments constitute respectively a lien upon
the respective lots and parcels of land assessed and shall be charged against the persons
and properties respectively until paid,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the entire amount of said assessments be collected at
once, with annual interest thereon at the rate of seven per cent per annum as against
such assessments as are not paid at once, payable to the County Treasurer and Ex-Officio
Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio Treasurer and Tax
Receiver of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and German
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye Noes none.

This being the time set to review the assessments heretofore made and reported
to the Board under Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas to reimburse the City of
Las Vegas for the costs of construction of a highway with federal aid from the easterly
limit of the intersection of Fremont and Fifth Streets in said City, running thence
along Fremont Street to the easterly boundary of said City of Las Vegas, and the ex-
officio City Assessor being present, and no objections being made to said assessments,
and said Board and said Ex-Officio City Assessor thereupon proceeded to review said
assessments, said assessment roll being designated as Special Assessment Roll No. 16.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that said Assessment Roll No. 16 for Street Improvements, made under the
provisions of Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby ap-
proved and confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and that
the City Clerk shall endorse upon said roll the date of confirmation as provided by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and in substantially the following form, to-wit:

State of Nevada	)

County of Clark	:

City of Las Vegas. )

I,-- Viola Burns, the duly elected, sworn, qualified and acting City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, do hereby certify that
the foregoing special assessment roll, prepared under Ordinance No. 177, for the pur-
pose of levying a special assessment to reimburse the City for the costs of construction of a
highway with federal aid from the easterly limit of the intersection of Fremont Street and
Fifth Street in said City, running thence along Fremont Street as laid out and extended