At this time the Board took under discussion the matter of the various member of the
Board attending the hearing before	the	State Supreme Court of the case of C.C. Ronnow	vs.

of Las Vegas. Said hearing to	be	held on the 20th day of July, 1936.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried the the Mayor and all members of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas attend the hearing of said case and that the expense of said trip should be paid by the
City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
commissioner Ward voting No. Absent none.

No further business appearing	before	the Board at this time the meeting recessed	and

adjourned until Wednesday the 15th	day	of	July, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 15th, 1936.



Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 15th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Answering roll call were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that J.H. Morgan and W.C. Faulkner be granted retail beverage licenses for the third quarter
year.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following gaming license and slot machine licenses be granted for the third
quarter year.

J.T. Watters	4 slot machines	White Spot Cafe	8 Slot machines

Roscl	28	"	"	E.P.	Bihlmaier	14	"	"

White Cross Drug	2	"	"	E.D.Ciliax	2	"	"

Las Vegas Pharmacy	2	"	"	L.L.	Arnett	45	"	"

City Drug Store	3	"	"

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

All minutes of regular, recessed regular and special meetings from March 5th to May 13th
read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 24th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 24th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed	and adjourned meeting of the	Board of Commissioners	of	the	City	of

Las Vegas held on the	24th	day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and
Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

The Board entered into a discussion on the securing of a right of way on Clark Ave;
Westside the following Order was issued by the Board of City Commissioners:

It appearing to the Board that the State Highly Department in contemplating the con-
struction of an underpass under the Union Pacific Railroad on Clark Avenue in the City of Las
Vegas, and that there	appears to be some question as to	the title of certain land	necessary

for use as a right of	way,	which said land is described	as follows:

A Parcel or strip of land of varying width, which lies and is within a portion of Block

One of the original townsite of Las Vegas, situate in the NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 27,

T.20 S., R. 61 3., M.D.B. & M., being more fully described by metes and bounds, as

follows, to-wit: