FIRE HYDRANTS	The City Manager presented a purchase requisition for the purchase of 50 fire hydrants,

Purchase Approved   3-18" hydrant extensions, and 3-12" hydrant extensions from Mueller Company of Los Angeles,

California, in the total amount of $6,650.75. Mr. Kennedy advised that this is a recoverable
item, and recommended approval of this requisition.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2027 to Muleer Company in the total
amount of $6650.75 for the purchase of fire hydrants and supplies, be approved and the 
purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

HOUSING AUTHORITY Consideration was given to the letter from the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas calling
Project NEV. 2-3	attention to the Cooperative Agreement between the Housing Authority and the City and the 

Addn'l Units	responsibilities of the City therein, relative to perimeter and access streets in their new Project

Marble Manor	NEV. 2-3.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the Mayor be authorized to send a letter to the Housing
Authority acknowledging and reaffirming the responsibilities of the City under the Cooperative
Agreement, and further pointing out that in the opinion of the City, the Housing Authority
should consider doing this work under its General Contract which could possibly result in a
considerable savings to the Housing Authority.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be approved and the Mayor authorized to write a
letter to the Housing Authority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple. Commissioner

Sharp passed his vote, stating that his firm is doing the architectural work on this project,
but has no other interest.

VARIANCE (V-8-58)	Consideration was given to the request of Melvin G. Campbell that his application for variance

Melving Campbell	to utilize a portion of the required rear yard for patio and equipment shelter at 1700 South

14th Street (Lot 21 and part of Lot 22, Block 3, Marycrest Estates) in an R-1 zone, be considered
Continued	at this time, instead of August 6, 1953 as allowed at the regular meeting of the Board on July

2, 1958.

Mr. Campbell was advised that the Commission has been notified that his attorney, John Peter
Lee and the attorney for the principal objector to the variance, John Mowbray, have previously
entered into a stipulation that this variance application will not be considered until all
interested parties can be present on August 6, 1958.

George Foley, Esq. representing Mr. John Mowbray who is out of town, was present to ask that
this matter be continued as originally scheduled on August 6, 1958.

Mayor Baker announced that a letter has been received from Mr. Mowbray also asking that this
matter be continued until August 6, 1958.

Mr. Campbell was present and stated that he was agreeable to the application being considered
at the next regular meeting.

REZONING (Z-6-58)   The Commission considered the application of Cornelia Fitzgerald for rezoning of Lots 25 and 26,
Cornelia Fitzgerald      Block 9; South Addition, known as 1014 South 2nd Street, from R-4 to C-1. Planning Director

Bills stated that the Planning Commission denied this application, without prejudice, with the
Denied	recommendation that the petition be reconsidered when the Master Plan has been completed.

He advised that when this has been accomplished, this rezoning application will be again 
considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be sustained and the
application of Cornelia Fitzgerald for rezoning of the above described property from R-4 to
C-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

REZONING (Z-7-58)	Consideration was	given to the application of Thomas T. Beam for	rezoning of property located

Thomas T. Beam	on 13th Street at	the east end of Bonneville Avenue, from R-4 to	C-1.

Denied	Planning Director	Bills advised that this application was denied	by the Planning Commission,

without prejudice, as previously explained on Z-6-58.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be sustained, and the
application of Thomas T. Beam for the rezoning from R-4 to C-1 of his property located on 13th
Street at the east end of Bonneville Avenue, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

REZONING (Z-9-58) The Commission was advised that Dr. Darryl Leavitt, applicant for rezoning of property located
Dr. Darryl Leavitt      on the south side of West Charleston Boulevard, between Desert Lane and Highland Drive from

R-1 and R-4 to C-2. has requested that action be continued until August 6, 1958, when he will
Continued	be back in the City.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the request of the applicant, that Rezoning 
application Z-9-58 be continued until August 6, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent :	Commissioner Whipple.

REZONING (Z-10-58) Consideration was given to the application of the Prescott Corporation for rezoning of a portion
Prescott Corp.	of the SW¼, NW¼ of Section 31; T20S, R61E, located on Decatur Boulevard, north of Hyde Park,

from R-1 to R-3.

Denied

Planning Director Bills advised that this application had been denied by the Planning Commission
on the basis that development of the tract for single family purposes would be more desirable and

7-16-58