slots, 1 Poker, 1 ”21", and 1 Craps be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Peccole and Mayor Baker.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of J. S. Pappas and Albert Jensen,

49er Club	  49er Blue, 109 Fremont for a Tavern Liquor license for the fourth quarter of

1951 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the Following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Peccole.

SALARY INCREASE Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the City Manager that S. U.

Stewart, Maintenance Department, Street Painting Leadman be advanced from Step
3 of the pay plan to Step 4. being an increase from $288.00 to $305.00 per
month, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



 City Clerk		Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 8, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 8th
day of October, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 4:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner 	Reed Whipple

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

Asst. City Attorney 	Ralston O. Hawkins
City Engineer	C. C. Boyer

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Peccole
City Attorney Cannon

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the in-
# 100-6             stallation of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-6, bids were
Opening of Bids          received from the following concerns:

Installation of

Improvement	Wells Cargo Inc.	$114,944.83 Lump sum bid

J. M. Murphy Construction Co.	$112,165.96 Lump sum bid

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids for the installation of
improvements in Assessment District No. 100-6 be referred to the City
Engineer, City Manager and City Attorney for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting be recessed until October 11, 1951
at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Peccole.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

  City Clerk		Mayor