this time a committee from the Las Vegas, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce consisting
of S.J. Lawson, Harry Blanding, Robert Griffith and O.K. Adcock, appeared before the Board
for the purpose of discussing the matter of securing mail delivery in the city of Las
Vegas. After listening to discussions by Robert Griffith, Postmaster and other members
of the committee, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the
following preambles and Resolution were duly adopted;

WHEREAS, it has been represented to this Board that free de-
livery of mail within the limits of the City of Las Vegas can be
secured at an early date, provided a plan for water tight side-
walks to be constructed on all streets where such sidewalks do
not now exist is adopted and authorized, and

WHEREAS:, this Board is in favor of securing such free de-
livery and is willing to do anything within its power to has-
ten the making of such improvements, and

WHEREAS, it is necessary that such Board secure the co-oper-
ation of all civic bodies in order to secure the proper authori-
zation for such sidewalk work,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Board does hereby
authorize the building of such sidewalks, and hereby instructs
the city attorney and Commissioner of Streets to devise such
plans as may best be calculated for the speedy consumption
thereof, the report thereon to be made at the next adjourned
meeting of this Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the assistance of the Chamber
of Commerce, Business Men's Association and Rotary Club be and it
is hereby earnestly requested in securing the authorization for
the work above stated. The vote on said Resolution was as fol-
lows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk then presented for payment a number of bills contracted by the retiring
Board of City Commissioners, and it appearing to the Board that a number of these
bills are for payment from the street fund and the police and fire fund, which funds
are considerably overdrawn, the Board took the matter under discussion. After due
consideration the following preambles and resolution were duly adopted: 

IT appearing to the Board that there are bills outstanding against the Street
Fund and the Police and Fire Fund of the City of Las Vegas, said bills hot having
been contracted by the present Board ,but by the retiring Board, and

It appearing that the above mentioned funds have been much overdrawn ,which
is expressly against the provisions of the Charter of Las Vegas, and it further
appearing that many of the said bills are for labor, and that in all instances
labor and supplies were furnished upon the express requisition of the heads of the
several departments, and that such claims against the city should therefore be met,
and

It further appearing to the Board that the General Fund of the City contains
sufficient funds to cover such claims as well as all claims against said general
fund for the remainder of the present quarter, and that such claims could be paid
from the General Fund, and said general fund reimbursed at a later date when the
above mentioned street and Police and Fire funds shall be in a stronger condition,

BE IT RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized to draw
warrants on the General Fund for the payment of the above entitled claims, and is
directed to keep an itemized statement of such claims until such time as the General
Fund may be reimbursed by the Street and Police and Fire Funds. Voting on said Resolution; 
Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.

Hesse, Aye. Noes, none .

The Board then took under discussion the matter of securing permission to make
an Emergency Loan for the purpose of relieving the city of the conditions existing
with regard to the Street Fund and the Police and Fire Fund, and laid the matter over
for further deliberation at the next adjourned meeting.

The matter of the audit of the city books was then discussed, but it appearing

that there are not now sufficient funds in the treasury to permit of the large expense