5

Nevada, which said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE OF CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-3 SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT BONDS SERIES OF JANUARY 1,

1951 $43,274.93

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, will on the 28th day of February, 1951, at 3:30 o'clock P.M.,
at the City Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale, receive sealed
bids and publicly open the same for, the following described special
assessment, negotiable coupon bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 200-3 Sanitary Sewer Im-
provement Bonds, Series of January 1, 1951, in the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of $43,274.93, dated January 1, 1951, consisting of 5l
bonds numbered consecutively from 1 to 51, both inclusive, being in
the denominations of $1,000.00 and $300.00, except bond numbered one
is in the denomination of $274.93 maturing serially in regular
numerical order on the first day of January, $4,574.93 in the year
1952, and $4,300.00 in each of the years 1953 to 1961, both inclusive
, all bonds being subject to prior redemption on any interest pay-
ment date in inverse numerical order at the option of the City when-
ever funds are available therefor, after fifteen days published
notice, upon the payment of the principal amount thereof with ac-
crued interest to the redemption date, and bearing interest payable
annually at a rate of not exceeding seven per centum (7%) per annum,
both principal and interest being payable at the office of the City
Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Said bonds and the interests thereon are payable from a special fund
designated as "Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No.

200—3 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund", containing the receipts
upon the collection thereof from the special assessments levied against
and secured by a lien upon property in Sanitary Sewer Improvement
Assessment District No. 200-3 in said City, said assessments bearing
interest payable annually on each principal paying date at the same
rate of interest as borne by said bonds and being payable in ten
substantially equal annual installments of principal on or before Decem-
ber 1, 1951, and on or before the same day in each year thereafter until
paid in full, or, at the owner's option, the whole of the unpaid principal
with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date being pay-
able at any time:	provided, however, that in the event said fund shall be

insufficient to pay said bonds and interest thereon as they become due,
the deficiency shall be paid out of the City's general fund.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of
interest and premium, if any above par at which the bidder will purchase
said bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will
purchase said bonds at par. All of the bonds shall bear one rate of in-
terest, but said interest may be payable by one or more sets of coupons.

The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the
right of the corporate authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any
and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest,
nor will any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such
bonds. All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada,
shall be accompanied by a deposit of five percent, either cash or certified
check, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not
accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete
the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of
his bid, the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Las
Vegas, and in that event, the corporate authorities of said City may accept
the bid of the one making the best bid, or if all bids are rejected, such
authorities may readvertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more
equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than
par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will determine which bid
shall be accepted.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 24th day of January, 1951.

(SEAL)

REED WHIPPLE
Mayor Pro Tem

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk
j29, f5, 12, 19, 26

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that all
rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption
of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the
purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said resolution at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the
roll was called with the following result

Those voting aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting nay:	None.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion, the Mayor
Pro Tem declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Moore then moved that said resolution be now placed upon its final passage
and adopted. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said resolution, the roll