At this time his Honor, the Mayor, submitted the name of Percival Nash for appointment
to the office of City Marshal of the City of Las Vegas. Thereafter, upon motion by
Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following resolution was duly
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED that Percival Nash be and he hereby is appointed to the office of Marshal
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, contingent upon his filing a good and
sufficient Bond in the amount of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00), and his taking the
oath of office as required by law; said Bond to be approved by the Mayor.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Percival Nash be paid a salary at the rate of
Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00) per month.	



Vote upon foregoing motion and resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith,
W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Wednesday the 30th day of January, 1929, at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 30th, 1929 - 7:30 P. M.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of January, 1929, at the hour of seven
thirty P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney , Clerk, and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Mr. A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the City, presented to the Board the amended
specifications for street improvements in the nature of oil bound gravel pavements and
cement concrete curbs. Whereupon, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was
resolved that such amended specifications be, and they are, hereby approved, and the said
A. P. Slocum is hereby authorized and directed to cause to be printed one hundred copies
of said amended specifications and to cause to be printed one hundred proposal sheets, said
printing to be done by the Las Vegas Evening Review.

The Clerk presented to the Board a letter from O. J. Potthoff, Chairman of the Las Vegas
Gun Club, soliciting a donation from the City of Las Vegas to the Las Vegas Gun Club to
be used in the purchase of trophies and for cash prizes to be presented as prizes in the
fifth annual Tri-State Sharp Shoot to be held in the City of Las Vegas on the 9th and 10th
days of February, 1929. Whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that the sum of Fifty Dollars ($50.00) be donated to the said Las Vegas Gun Club
for the purposes herein stated and the Clerk was directed to draw his warrant in the
amount of Fifty Dollars ($50.00) in favor of the said O. J. Potthoff, and the Treasurer was
directed to pay the same.

Mr. Albert S. Hall, Agent for Public Utilities Consolidated Corporation appeared before
the Board and requested said Board to grant a permit and franchise to the said Public
Utilities Consolidated Corporation for the use of public streets and / or alleys for the
construction of a long distance telephone and line. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner
German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following resolution was duly adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED that a permit to Public Utilities Consolidated Corporation to construct,
operate and maintain, etc., long distance telephone lines in the City of Las Vegas in the
form presented to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at the meeting
held on the 30th day of January, 1929, be, and the same is, hereby granted in the form
hereinafter set forth, and that the same be executed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
and the Commissioner of Water Works, Sewerage and Lights, and attested by the City Clerk
under the seal of said city, said permission to bear date this 30th day of January, 1929,
and to be executed in triplicate, and that said permission be spread upon the minutes.

Vote on said resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C.

German, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Said permission reading as follows:-

PERMIT TO PUBLIC UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED CORPORATION

A Non-exclusive Permission for a period of Twenty-Five (25) years is hereby given
and granted to PUBLIC UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED CORPORATION, an Arizona Corporation, domesticated
under the laws of the State of Nevada, its successors and assigns, to construct, install,
operate, maintain, repair and manage Long Distance Telephone lines in, under, through; over,
along and across the streets, alleys, avenues and public places of the City of Las Vegas,
in Clark County, State of Nevada.