than thirteen such gaming licenses shall be issued or granted for said quarter beginning Jan.

1,	1932 and ending March 31, 1932.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following
gaming license application were granted:

H.E. Faxon & E.Noon	1	stud poker	game

Joe H. Morgan	1	Twenty-one	Game

Apache Club	1	Roulette Wheel

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of the consideration of the application of Mayme V. Stocker, here-
tofore filed, for a Permit to conduct and carry on the gambling game or device of Eighty Ball
Keno 	at the place known as	the	Northern	Club	on Fremont	Street	in	the City	of	Las	Vegas,	was

had by the Board. The City	Attorney,	to	whom	the matter	had heretofore been referred	for	investigation 

and report thereon, reported to the Board that he had investigated the law and the facts
with reference to said game of eighty ball Keno, and was of the opinion 1. That it was not a
game of Keno as contemplated by Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas and/or the State
Gaming Act of 1931, in that the method of conduct thereof was entirely different than the game
of Keno, the latter game being a percentage game, and Eighty Ball Keno being a banking game.

2.	That eighty ball Keno, as now being and heretofore being operated under license from the
City, under application denominating the same "Keno", secured from the City Clerk in the last
preceding quarter year and without application to the Board of Commissioners of said City, there-
for, was and is a lottery, and is operated in all substantial respects as Chinese Lottery,
and was not a game or device which could be legally permitted by or licensed by the City of
Las Vegas.

After due consideration of the matter, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by
Commissioner Hansell, it was

Resolved, that the application of Mayme V. Stocker for a permit and license to
operate an eighty-ball keno game in the Northern Club on Fremont Street in Las Vegas, be and
the same is hereby denied on the grounds 1. That said game is not a game of Keno as now and
heretofore operated by aid Mayme V. Stocker. 2. That said eighty-ball Keno constitutes a
lottery, and cannot be permitted or licensed by said City, for the reason that such lottery
is in violation of the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 15th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 15th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 15th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and Hansell
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and German.

Commissioner Hansell appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the finance Com-
missioner owing to the absence of that officer.

Semi-monthly salary bills allowed.

Minutes of all previous meetings approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following slot
machine licenses granted. Applications be ng in proper form and monies to cover same being on
file with the Clerk.

E.P. Bihlmaier	43 Slot machine Licenses

Vegas Sweet Shoppe 15	"	"	"

L.L.Arnet & John Graglia 18 Slot machine licenses
J.T.Watters	10 "	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell end His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board considered the matter of giving Three Hundred ($300.00) towards
the establishing of an exhibit in the City of Las Vegas of specimens from the Buried City.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the City appropriate the sum of Three Hundred Dollars from the Publicity Fund towards the
establishing of an exhibit of specimens from the Buried City in the City of Las Vegas.

Said Three Hundred dollars to be paid to Dr. W.S. Park, Chairman of the Museum Committee
in two installments of One Hundred Fifty Dollars each.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His Honor the