50

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING -
Proposed Revision of
Master Plan

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 7th day of October, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members presents

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Attorney
City Manager
Asst. City Mgr.
City Clerk

C.D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

Howard W. Cannon
R.V. Carey

G.H. Rounthwaite
Shirley Ballinger

Mayor Baker requested that the record show that he was in conference regarding the situation
regarding the schools, which he thinks is of interest to all, and he apologized for being late,
but the many problems connected with the money to be made available for schools and the
education of our children is quite important.

Commissioner Bunker left the meeting at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 50142 to 50171 inclusive
and 50173 to 50288 inclusive in the total amount of $75.l85.21 be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absents Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Bunker returned to the meeting at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of September 16 and 18, 1953 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Murray Hoyt, Director of Planning advised the Board of Commissioners and members
of the audience, of the recommendations made by the Regional Planning Commission and approved
by the City Planning Commission on the proposed revision of the Master Plan of zoning.

Discussion was held on individual areas, and the following recommendations were made by the
Board of Commissioners:

1 - GRANDVIEW ADDITION

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Master Plan not include the change from R-l to R-2 of
Blocks 1 and 2, Grandview Addition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

11	- HAWKINS & BUCKS ADDITIONS

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Lots 4, 5 and 6 of Block l4, Bucks Addition by changed to
C-2, and that area north of Lewis Street and bordered by 8th Street to the east, Fremont
the North, and South 5th Street to the West, remain in present C-2 classification; that
Lot 4, Block 8 of Hawkins Addition and Lot 29, Block 5 of Hawkins Addition be zoned C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honorvoting aye; noes, none.

111	- CHARLESTON BOULEVARD between Bruce & l6th Streets

Commissioner Bunker moved the proposed rezoning as designated on the Master Plan, remain as R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

IV	- Area SOUTH OF CARSON between Main and South 5th

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the rezoning of the area south of Carson as
recommended by the Planning Commission. This property is generally located west of 5th Street
between Main and 5th Streets. There were no objections voiced.

V	- MARYLAND PARKWAY & SAN FRANCISCO STREETS
(Proposed Francisco Park)

Commissioner Jarrett moved the five (5) acres on the northeast comer of Maryland Parkway
and San Francisco Street be changed to R-2 to conform to the 75 acre area now presently
zoned R-2, and the fronting lots on the north side of San Francisco and West of Maryland
Parkway to the full depth of the proposed R-2 zoning of San Francisco be changed to R-2;
further that the remaining protion of the five acre area presently shown as C-l revert to
R-l zoning.

10-7-53