Las Vegas, Nevada

January 23, 1956

A special meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held, this 23rd day of January, 1956 was called, to order at the hour of 4.15 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C.D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 5557 in the total
Amount of $6,946.25 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. David Goldwater, representing the businessmen on South 5th Street between
Oakey Boulevard and San Francisoo Avenue appeared before the Commission and re-
quested relief from the ban of curb parking in this area. Mr. Goldwater stated
that these people would like to have the ordinance repealed for a period of time
and would work with the City towards a solution for the problem in this area.

Mr. Dan Crane said that they had met with Mayor Baker previously and had suggested
the following solutions:

1)	Installation of a stop light on San Francisco Avenue, and diversion of the
traffic to the Boulder Highway.

2) Cut A Street through and use it as a traffic artery.

3) Remove the second island at 5th and Main and make it 18" wide.

4)	Install a stop light at Oakey Boulevard and 5th Street.

Mr. Leigh Ellsworth and Mr. Marion Earl also spoke and requested that the curb
parking ban be lifted.

Mr. Otis Wright of the Highway Department stated that the islands at 5th and Main
were placed there to protect cars making a left hand turn, and could not be made
narrower and serve the purpose.

Mr. Leonard Fayle of the Parking and Traffic Commission asked what the average traffic
flow at 5th and Main was.

Mr. Wright answered that 29,000 cars passed this intersection during a 24 hour period.

The meeting recessed at 5.15 P.M. The meeting reconvened at the hour of 5.45 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening sessions

Commissioner Bunker stated that he believed that when the Commission considered
this problem at the out set they did it in good faith. Furthermore, their decision
was reached after careful consideration, and if there was a mistake made it was when
the businessmen to be affected were not notified. He commended the Parking and Traf-
fic Commission for the work they have done and the City appreciates it immensely.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Ordinance No. 671 eliminating curb parking on South
5th Street between Oakey and San Francisco be repealed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Temp Whipple voting aye;
hoes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Parking and Traffic Commission be directed to
make a detailed study of parking between San Francisco and Oakey Boulevard and
present the facts and findings, at which time if conditions still exist, then the
Commission will institute a new parking area in that zone; further that this study
be completed within sixty days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Temp Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker said that he thought it was incumbent on the people in the area
to do something about parking. That they should come up with concrete suggestions.

He further stated that it was not the intention of the Commission or the Parking
and Traffic Commission to eliminate parking on 5th Street north of Oakey Boulevard.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he felt the businessmen should report to the City
within thirty to forty-five days as to the progress being made.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANT

SOUTH 5TH STREET
CURB PARKING