Las Vegas, Nevada
April 16, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 16th day of April, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Director of Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

USE PERMIT - U-6-53 	This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of property owners
Appeal	of the approval of the Use Permit application of Dan H. Plunkett and Edward J.

Public Hearing	Barrick to construct an Atomic Energy Commission building on a six acre plot

	generally located at the southwest corner of Oakey Boulevard and Western Avenue,

His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to speak at this time.

Mr. John Yoxem appeared and stated that at the last meeting with the State Highway 
Department it was his understanding that the location of the freeway would
not be definite for about six weeks. Mr. Yoxem was advised that this referred
to the inter-change at San Francisco Avenue.

Mr. John McNamee also appeared in protest to this Use Permit.

Commissioner Whipple moved that no action be taken on this matter, and the public 
hearing be recessed until May 7, 1953.

Mr. Herbert Jones, attorney for the applicant appeared and advised the Commission
that the bid for the construction of the AEC building would probably be awarded
on May 2nd, and unless they have this use permit their bid would not be considered.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple withdrew his motion.

Commissioner Sharp moved the appeal be denied on the basis that no new evidence
has been presented, and that the application of Dan H. Plunkett and Edward J.
Barrick for a use permit to construct an Atomic Energy Commission building on
a six acre plot generally located at the southwest corner of Oakey Boulevard and
Western Avenue be allowed, subject to the conditions stipulated at the meeting
of March 28, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT	Mayor Baker announced that this was the continuation of the public hearing on 

No. 200-20	Improvement District No. 200-20 for the installation of sewer in the alley of Block

	6, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition Tract No. 4.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission that all of the property
owners have agreed to put up cash for this district, with the exception of Jules
Benbow who will pay immediately after the completion of the project. Mr. Sauer
recommended that this sewer installation be put in on a cash basis since a regular 
improvement district would increase the cost a great dead.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and that
the sewer in the alley of Block 6, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4
be installed on a cash basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHANGE OF STREET NAME 	The Commission considered the request of the Chamber of Commerce that 5th Street
5th Street	be changed to Las Vegas Boulevard from the Henderson turn-off on the south to

Nellis Air Force Base on the north.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request for the change of the name of 5th Street
be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS	Planning Director Bills presented the tentative map of Charleston Heights, Tract

TRACT NO. 8	No. 8, and advised the Board that the map was approved by the Planning Commission.

Tentative Map

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Charleston Heights, Tract No. 8
be approved subject to the installation of standard width of paving on the streets
in this tract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

NO. 100-35

Resolution on Amount	R E S O L U T I O N

of Bonds

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements within the City of Las Vegas, all as
described in Ordinance No. 758, and

4-16-58