PUBLIC LIABILITY   Commissioner Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas take out public liability
AND PROPERTY      insurance in the amount of 25,000/50,000 and property damage in the amount of
DAMAGE INSURANCE	5,000/25,000 with a premium of $2,040.55 for a three year period as quoted in

a communication from Mr. O. A. Kimball, agent for the United States Fidelity
and Guaranty Co. and that the matter of financing the purchase of said policy
be referred to the City Auditor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CITY ENGINEER'S   Upon recommendation of Harlan Brown, City Engineer, Commissioner Bates moved
DEPARTMENT	  that F. M. Eaton be employed by the City of Las Vegas for some 16 or 20 hours

F. M. EATON HIRED  a week at $1.75 per hour and that this expense be charged to the City Engineer's

Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ORDINANCE #285	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend,Revise and Re-enact Section 1 of

SECOND READING	Ordinance #166 for the City of Las Vegas, as Amended, and to Repeal all

Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith." was read to the
Board for a second time. Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the 

foregoing Ordinance #285 be approved and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

COMMISSIONER	Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Clark be authorized to sign any

CLARK APPOINTED   minutes left unsigned by former Mayor Garrison during his term of office.

TO SIGN MINUTES Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following voter

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

DEPUTY CITY CLERK Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be granted permission to employ Eula
EULA LINGE HIRED   Linge as a deputy in her office at a salary of $150.00 per month beginning as

of September 16, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following votes Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE #284	 	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise	and Re-enact Section 3 of

SECOND READING	Ordinance #166 of the City of Las Vegas, as Amended,	and to Repeal all Ordinances

and parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith." was	read to the Board for a

second time. Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing Ordinance #284 be
adopted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following votes Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until October 2, 1943 at
the hour of 10 A.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes none.	 

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 2, 1943

 	At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held this 2nd day of

October, 1943, the meeting was called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,
at the hour of 10:00 A. M., with the following members present: Mayor Cragin,
Commissioners: Clark, Bates, Coradetti and Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener,Jr.;

City Auditor, Mac Cazier and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

MINUTES APPROVED   Commissioner Smith moved that the Minutes of the last regular meeting be approved,  

by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following

vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes 

none.

VOUCHERS 3443 TO	Commissioner Smith moved that Claims Nos. 3443 to 3689, inclusive, be approved and

3689 INCLUSIVE	the Mayor and City Clerk were authorized to sign them. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Coradetti, Clark,

Smith and His Honor, voting aye; noes none.

H. F. HENDRICKSON Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute

CONTRACTOR	  the contract with H. F. Hendrickson, d.b.a. H. F. Hendrickson, for the performance

of certain work of construction on water control structure and pumping station
at sewage disposal plant, for the consideration of $4,970.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

REPORT -	  Report of Mr. R. H. Elser, Plumbing Inspector, for the month of September was

R. H. ELSER	received and ordered filed.