Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	The application of James M. Biller for a Restaurant Beverage license at Biller's

Chg. Owner & Location	Restaurant, 1039 South Main Street was considered. The City Manager reported

that Mr. Biller has previously had a beverage license at the Bagdad Coffee Shop,
Biller's Restaurant 		  and that 1039 South Main Street was formerly known as the Chat 'N Chew with

the beverage license issued to Richard Borders. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
Police report on this applicant was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of James M. Biller for a Restaurant 
Beverage license at Biller's Restaurant, 1039 South Main Street be approved, 
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	The Commission next considered the application of Geng M. Gee and Harry Noda for

Chg. Owner and Name	the Retail Beverage license at Min's Mart, formerly issued to Arthur Nunez, doing 

of Business	business as Bi-Rite Market, at 921 South Main Street. City Manager Kennedy

stated that the Police report on these two applicants was favorable.

Min's Mart

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Geng M. Gee and Harry Noda for
the Retail Beverage license at Min's Mart, 921 South Main Street be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	The application of L.D. Hubbard for a Restaurant Beverage license at Old Mexico,

New	905 North 5th Street was considered by the Board.

Old Mexico

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that investigation of Mr. Hubbard was
being conducted by the Police Department, but had not been completed as of this
time. Mr. Kennedy further stated that Mr. Hubbard has been a resident for approximately 
two years, and had a "work card" in the City of Las Vegas. The City
Manager recommended that this application be approved subject to clearance by
the Police Department.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and the application
of L.D. Hubbard for a Restaurant Beverage license at Old Mexico, 905 North 5th
Street be approved, subject to clearance by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	The application of E.C. Christian and Morris Johnson for a Restaurant Beverage 

New	license at Hamburger Heaven, 1215 E Street was considered at this time. The City

Manager reported that Mr. Christian has previously held a beverage license at
Hamburger Heaven	Sill's Drive Inn, and has been cleared by the Police Department. Mr. Kennedy

recommended that this application be approved in the name of Mr. Christian and
that the application of Morris Johnson be considered when the investigation of
the Police Department has been completed.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the application
of E.C. Christian for a Restaurant Beverage license at Hamburger Heaven, 1215
North E Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain requested that the Police Department contact Mr. Christian
and advise him of the requirements concerning the operation of this type of business.

BID NO. 58.04	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.04 for the installation

Irrigation System -	 of an irrigation system at the Police Rehabilitation Farm, the Commission 

Police Rehabilitation 		was advised that there were no bids received.

Farm

	City Manager Kennedy recommended that since no bids were received for this 

construction that permission be granted to negotiate to have the job done, or do the
work with City forces by "force account".

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager's recommendation be accepted and the
installation of the Irrigation System at the Police Rehabilitation Farm accomplished 
in the manner suggested.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Bunker.

BID NO. 58.05 -	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.05 for the 

Storm Drain	construction of a storm drain on Washington Street, north of 5th Street, designated

Washington Street	Stage II, the following bid was received and opened:

Stage II

	Alternate I	Alternate II Alternate III

Longley Construction Co. $ No bid	$18,914.00	$18,447.00

The City Manager reported that the Engineer's estimate on this project was
$12,000, and recommended that this bid be rejected. Mr. Kennedy further requested
that permission be granted to negotiate to have this job done, or do the work
with City forces by "force account".

5-21-58