88

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE	The following recommendation dated June 4, 1947 received from

#29 — Mr. John J. Ewald	the Planning Commission relative to Zone Exception Case No. 29:



The Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case No. 29

Mr. John J. Ewald
Lots 9,10 and 11, Block 23

Boulder Addition	

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable body
adopt an order approving the recommendation of the Joint Plan-
ning Commission, that the above petitioner be granted permission
to use the rear portions of the above-mentioned lots for com-
mercial use. Such lots at present are partially located in
the Commercial and Residential Zone #1, as legally described
in the petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in
the office of the Planning Commission. This exception varies
the depth of the commercial zone at this location on the
easterly side of South Fifth Street at Wyoming Street, per-
mitting the owners to extend the construction and occupancy
of an Auto Court over the entire lots mentioned.

It is further recommended that your order include the
following conditions.

Conditions:

1.	That any buildings or structures constructed on the remainder
of such lots included in the Commercial Zone, be of type

1, 2 or 3 construction, in order that such structures
comply with the requirements of Fire Zone #2.

2.	That any permits or licenses to operate such business
be issued under the same conditions as affects similar
businesses in other commercial districts in the City
of Las Vegas.

This petition involving property legally described
therein and classified in Residence Zone #1, was presented
to and reviewed by the members of the Joint Planning Commission
on June 3, 1947.

After consideration of all factual data before the
Commission, it was determined that the exception here recom-
mended under the conditions set forth, was consistent with
the intent and purpose of the City Zoning Ordinance.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS---CLARK COUNTY

JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/ C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing
recommendation be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

SUBDIVISIONS —	The following letter dated June 4, 1947 was received from the

Tentative Map	Planning Commission relative to El Rancho Verde Tract; said letter	

El Rancho Verde Tract	was ordered filed:


The Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	SUBDIVISIONS

Tentative Map	

El Rancho Verde Tract

Gentlemen:

Transmitted herewith is a tentative Map for a proposed subdivision located in the
SE 1/4, SW 1/4, Section 3, Township 21 S, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M. This plan embraces
a pproximately 33 acres of land within the City of Las V gas situated on the east
aide of South Fifth Street, south of the Park Place Addition. A City map is enclosed
to show the general location.

On June 3, 1947, the Joint Planning Commission disapproved this tentative map and
in accordance with the Law, is transmitting same to your honorable board with this
report, stating the conditions under which the map would have been approved.

It is the opinion and recommendation of the Planning Commission that the tentative
map should be redesigned so as to accomplish primarily: