William Peccole and Wanda Peccole; Peter Piccoli to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes of street; and

	BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,

and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, 	

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Robert F. Boos, Acting City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the
Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board
of Commissioners held on the 3rd day of December, 1958.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal this
4th day of December, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSE MOVING	The Commission considered the request	of Robert P. Porter,	owner, to move 5 motel units from	j

Outpost Motel	the Outpost Motel, 1600 S. 5th St. to	1510 S. 2nd St. The	Building and Safety Superintendent,

Harold Larson, reported these buildings have been inspected and that they meet with current	!

Approved	code requirements. He further stated that the signatures of property owners within 300' had

been obtained. As a matter of information he reported that the remaining 12 units of the
Outpost Motel are to be relocated out in the County.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of Robert P. Porter, owner, to move 5 motel units
from the Outpost Motel, 1600 S. 5th St. to 1510 S. 2nd St. be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SET-BACK REQUIREMENTS             Madison B. Graves, Attorney, representing Mr. Robert Brooks, owner of the property at 1600
South 2nd between	South 5th St., and Ira Marshak, Architect, appeared before	the Board requesting that necessary

Wyoming and Oakey	ordinance change be made to eliminate	designation of South	2nd Street as a major street 

consisting of 80' of right-of-way.

Referred to Planning

It is proposed to build a fine shopping center building on the property surrounded by South 5th
Street, Oakey Boulevard, South 2nd Street and Wyoming Street. Normally in a commercially zoned
lot, the owner may build his building completely within the entire lot area, with setbacks
only where required for the future widening of through streets. In this instance South 5th
Street is shown on the Proposed Master Plan of Highways and Streets, and the proposed building ,
is designed to meet that requirement, i. e. a 10' setback from the property line; however,
the existing ordinance requires an 80' right-of-way on South 2nd Street, which is not a through
street and is not so designated on the Proposed Master Plan.	

It is undesirable to place the building 15' back from the curb and 7½ back from the West	

property line (along South 2nd Street) as it would cause a loss of parking area at the front of
the building and there would be no gain on South 2nd Street as there is no practical, need
for a 15' sidewalk.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this request be referred to the Planning Commission for 
recommendation on decreasing the setback line on South 2nd Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSE MOVING	The Commission considered the request of Mr. & Mrs. Thomas H. Petrie to move a house from

Mr. & Mrs. Thomas H	302 Lewis to 1713 Elm Street. The Building and safety Division has inspected the house

Petrie	and report that it meets current code requirements. The Building and Safety Superintendent,

Harold Larson, stated that there was also an accessory building 10' x 18' considered to be
Approved	moved as well as the house which is of substantial construction. At this point Mr. Larson

showed snapshots of the buildings to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of Mr. & Mrs. Thomas H. Petrie to move a house
from 302 Lewis to 1713 Elm Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	

PURCHASE REQUISITION	City Manager Kennedy requested	approval of	Purchase Requisition No.	3925 to Espy Brothers 

NO. 3925	in the amount of $2,730.00 for	the excavation of the Effluent Ditch	in Section 15, T21S,

Excavation of Effluent                  R62E.

Ditch

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3925 to Espy Brothers in the amount
Approved	of $2,730.00 for the excavation of the Effluent Ditch in Section 15, T21S, R62E, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners	

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE REQUISITIONS	City Manager Kennedy requested	approval of	Purchase Requisition No.	3469 to Knerr's Las

NO. 3469 & NO. 3470	Vegas Harley-Davidson Sales & Service, 723	So. 1st St. in the amount	of $2,539.00 for two

1959 Harley-Davidson Motorcycles without radios' and Purchase Requisition No. 3470 to Motorola
Motorcycles & Radios	Communications &  Electronics Inc.,	101, 550 West Indian School Road, Phoenix, Arizona,

in the amount of $1,272.00 for 2 Transistor Radios for 1959 Model Harley-Davidson Solocycles.
Approved	Mr. Kennedy stated that these amounts include the trade-in allowances.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3469 to Knerr's Las Vegas Harley-
Davidson Sales & Service, 723 South 1st St. in the amount of $2,539.00 for two 1959 Harley-
Davidson Motorcycles without radios; and Purchase Requisition No. 3470 to Motorola Communications
& Electronics Inc., Suite 101, 550 West Indian School Road, Phoenix, Arizona, in the amount of
$1,272.00 for two Transistor Radios for 1959 Model Harley-Davidson Solocycles, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

12-3-58