USE PERMIT - Roland &
Myrtle Tate
Goldring Avenue

REZONING - Harold Stocker

REZONING - Geraldine Stocker

REZONING - Huntridge
Tract No. 1

VARIANCE - A. H. Fry
Lot 25, Blk. 5
Biltmore Addn.



The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of
Roland and Myrtle Tate for Use Permit to change the front yard setback line from
50 to 25 feet on property located on the north side of Goldring Avenue between
Rose Street to Tonopah Drive, was considered by the Commission.

The Planning Commission explained that if this Use Permit is granted, Mrs. Tate
will deed right-of-way for the northerly half of Goldring Avenue, between Rose
and Tonopah Drive.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the application be approved subject to the
filing of the above mentioned right-of-way deed for Goldring Avenue, and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 22nd day of May, 1953 Roland Tate and Myrtle Tate filed an
application with the Regional Planning Commission for Use Permit to change the
required front yard set back from 50 feet to 25 feet from the future northline
of Goldring Avenue, on property generally located south from South Rose Street
to Tonopah Drive, on the north side of Goldring Avenue, in the N½ NW¼ SW¼ SW¼

Section 33, T20S, R61E, MDB&M; and

WHEREAS, on May 28, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for Use Permit; and

WHEREAS, on May 28, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to recom-
mend that this application be approved, as it was felt that by changing the
set back required in this area, it would be the only possible way to acquire
the remaining right-of-way for Goldring Avenue, and at the same time provide
a uniform set back in this area when it is rezoned to R-1 (Single Family Res-
idence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on June l,
1953, recommending that such Use Permit be approved.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of Roland and Myrtle Tate to change the required
front yard set back from 50 feet to 25 feet from the future north line of Gold-
ring Avenue, on property generally located south from South Rose Street to Tono-
pah Drive, on the north side of Goldring Avenue, in the N½ NW¼ SW¼ SW¼ Section
33, T20S, R61E, MDB&M be approved subject to the condition that they dedicate
the northerly half of Goldring Avenue, between Rose and Tonopah Drive, be and
the same hereby is accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the public hearing on the application of Harold Stocker
to rezone the west 466 feet of the south 466 feet of the SW¼ SW¼ Section 2, T21S,
generally described as being located on the northeast comer of Maryland Parkway
and San Francisco Street, from R-1 to C-1 be set for July 1, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the application of Geraldine
Stocker to rezone the SW¼ SW¼ and SE¼ SW¼, Section 2, T21S, from R-1 to R-2, be
held July 1, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of Thomas Oakey to
rezone Lots 3 to 9, Block 2, Huntridge Tract No. 1 from R-3 to C-1 be held July 1,
1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of A. H.

Fry for variance to construct an enlargement to a residence within five feet of the
rear property line on the northeast corner of North 1st and Verdy Lane, was consi-
dered by the Commission at this time. Discussion was held on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for variance be denied, and
the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 17th day of April, 1953, A. H. Fry filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain an enlarge-
ment to a residence within 5 feet of the rear property line, this property being
generally located in an R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District on the northeast
comer of North 1st Street and Verdy Lane and is located on Lot 25, Block 5 of the
Biltmore Addition; and

WHEREAS, on May 28, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance and voted to recommend approval of this application
inasmuch as they felt such a use would not result in material damage to other pro-
perties in the vicinity; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners felt that
such use would result in material damage to other properties in the vicinity.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners that the applica-
tion of A. H. Fry for variance to construct and maintain an enlargement to a resi-
dence within 5 feet of the rear property line, this property being generally located