after due consideration of the matter of the refusal of said Sutherlin & Co. to agree to said

contract of date January 19th, 1912. the following resolution was adopted towit: and the



Clerk and Mayor of this Board is hereby authorized to send the following telegram to said Sutherlin & Co.

Las Vegas, Nevada January 30th, 1912.

Sutherlin & Co. Commerce Bldg.

Kansas City Mo.	Your letter twenty fourth instant received, Board of Commissioners by

resolution passed today require you either accept their offer as per draft of contract dated
the nineteenth instant and transmitted in letter of City Clerk dated the twentieth instant or
all negotiations are hereby closed. if proposition is accepted by you wire us immediately and
your telegram of acceptance together with this telegram and the draft of contract as signed
by you and transmitted in your letter of twenty fourth instant will form completed contract
that will restore those portions stricken out of the draft of the agreement by you otherwise 
transmitt all papers plans specifications and contracts to First State Bank here and your
contract and check will be delivered.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attested:	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

The vote upon said resolution was as follows towit:	McGovern, aye, Stewart

aye, Von Tobel, aye, his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol , aye,. It was then upon motion duly made
and carried ordered that said Board adjourn untill the next regular meeting in February 1912.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor, Commissioners Coughlin, $$$$$$$$, Stewart, and Von Tobel.

Minutes of the last special meeting held January 30th, A.D. 1911. read and approved as read.
Reports of officers read and approved and ordered filed.

All Bill allowed per claim, except the claim of the Clark County Review for printing ordinance
of the Consolidated Light and power Company for a gas franchise, which was ordered returned
to said Clark County Review as the said claim was a charge against the Consolidated Light and
power Company, and not the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time the following was read before the Board :

Pasadena California. January 22nd 1912

To the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:

I the undersigned Philip Buck do hereby petition your Hon Body to grant to me, my heirs
and assigns a 25 year franchise (City to have the right of purchase)on appraised value at	

any time during the life of the franchise), to lay water mains in the streets alleys and
public places of Bucks Subdivision of Las Vegas Nevada. and extensions therefrom to and through
other legal divisions of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, subject to the regulations of the
Board of City Commissioners, To sell water for Irrigation and domestic use. Yours truly.

Philip Buck.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and
seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that said request be granted, and that Philip
Buck be granted a franchise, thereafter the Clerk proceeded to read before the Board an ordinance

 covering the same, after further deliberations upon the part of the Board it was upon



motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel order and duly carried ordered that said franchise