Las Vegas, Nevada
September 8, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 8th day of September, 1955, was called to order
at the hour of 4:20 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Assistant City Manager	R. W. Notti

Assistant City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard P. Cannon

At this time, City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the final map
of Greater Las Vegas Addition, Tract No. 2 be approved. Mr. Wade reported that
the agreement had been signed by the subdivider, the performance bond and letters
from the utilities companies had been filed and checked by the City Attorney.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Greater Las Vegas Addition,
Tract No. 2 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer George E. Wade presented the final map of Dawson Park Subdivision
Tract No. 2 and recommended its approval. Mr. Wade stated that the agreement had
been signed by the subdivider, and the performance bond and letters from the
utilities companies had been filed and checked by the City Attorney.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Dawson Park Subdivision,

Tract No. 2, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the quitclaim deed from the Rector,
Church Wardens and Vestrymen of Christ Church for a portion of St. Louis Avenue
be accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 8th day of September, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed,
dated the 8th day of July, 1955; executed by the Rector, Church Wardens and
Vestrymen of Christ Church (Episcopal) in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, A
Nevada Corporation, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accep-
ted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

At this time City Engineer George E. Wade presented the quitclaim deed from Draper

H.	Hand for a portion of Monroe Avenue in the Zaugg Tract, and recommended that it
be accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 8th day of September, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 14th
day of July, 1955; executed by Draper H. Hand, a married man as his sole and separate
property, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

City Engineer George E. Wade presented a quitclaim deed from Arthur L. and Helen
M. Dial for the widening of 25th Street, and recommended that this deed be accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Monroe Avenue

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
25th Street
Widening

9-8-55

GREATER LAS VEGAS
ADDITION, TRACT #2
Final Map

DAWSON PARK
SUBDIVISION TRACT #2
Final Map

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
St. Louis Avenue