It seems that it would be a simple matter for the City Commission to insist upon a written
letter from Mr. Stocks stating that he will keep all unsightly objects from the view of passers-by
upon Fremont Street. This would serve to make him realize his obligation to keep his property free
from suck unsightly properties and also assure the city commission and those parties interested
that this would be done.

We are not, as young members of this community, attempting to in any way interfere with the
individual property rights or with the government as it is being carried on, but, as interested
citizens in the future of our town and community, we are merely attempting by suggestion to help
in its development. I am enclosing a letter as a way of suggestion, that night be used as a model
for Mr. Stocks to sign.

Sincerely yours,

Jas. H Down, Jr.

President, Junior Chamber of Commerce
Bert O'Donnell Beautification Committee.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved
that the application of Mr. Stocks for a building permit for the erection of a warehouse at 8th
and Fremont Street should be held up until such time as a suitable settlement had been made.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioners Gilbert and Krause reported on their recommendations as to the use of the City
owned barns by the public and presented the following "Rules and Regulations" to the Board for its
approval.

RULES AND REGULATIONS

Governing the Use of Stables Owned by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Permit must be secured by any one desiring to use the stables at anytime. Permits are secured and
registration is done at the Police Station.

Register must be signed, stating how many horses or animals are to be housed, the number of stalls
used, and corresponding stall numbers.

No cooking is to be done in any of the stables, and no fires or stoves of any kind are allowed in
the barnes.

All stalls must be kept clean, all manure and straw must be kept in designated place at all times.

No building in of mangers, or moving of any partisions or lumber is allowed at any time.

Any damages done that ne Necessitates immediate repairs shall be paid for by the owner of such
horses or animals so housed.

When leaving or vacating the building all doors must be closed, and the person in charge of the
department for the City must be notified or, in his absence notify the Police Department.

Commissioner Ronnow moved the adoption of the above rules and also moved that the same be
printed on cards and cards be posted in and about the stables. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Russell accepted the report and and dismissed the Committee with thanks.

C.D.Baker, President of the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board
with plans for improvement of the ground owned by the city on which the City anticipates the con-
struction of an airport. Mr. Baker informed the Board that the Chamber of Commerce was working on
this project at the present time and ask for the cooperation of the Board of Commissioners. Mayor
Russell appointed Commissioner Ronnow to work in conjunction with the Chamber of Commerce Committee.

Commissioner Ronnow moved that the requisitioned request of Street Commissioner Gilbert
for emergency purchases of parts for the street sweeper be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Krause. Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Purchasing Clerk Le Roy Whipple presented the Board with the tabulated bids for purchase of
fuel oil for the various departments of the City for the winter of 1939 and 1940, and it appearing
that the Mohawk Oil Company's bids was the lowest and best bid it was on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert that the bid for the purchase of fuel oil for the various
departments of the City be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Street Commissioner Gilbert be allowed to hire a cement
finisher for six days at $10.00 per day. This work to be done in connection with the improvements
being made at the race track and grand stand at this time. Motion seconded by Commissioner Krause.
Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that B.W. Snider be appointed Assistant Plumbing Inspector, at no increase in salary, and this
appointment be made until further order of the Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none