Said bonds and the interest theron are payable from a special
fund designated "Street Improvement Assessment District No.

100-23 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund;" containing the
receipts upon the collection thereof from the special assess-
ments levied against and secured by a lien upon property in
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-23 in said City;
said assessments bearing interest commencing June 1, 1954,
and payable annually on each principal paying date at the
same rate of interest as borne by said bonds; said assess-
ments being payable in ten substantially equal annual install-
ments of principal on or before June 1, 1955, and on or before
the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full; or,
at the owner's option; the whole of the unpaid principal with
interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date
being payable at any time; provided, however, that in the
event said fund shall be insufficient to pay said bonds and
interest thereon as they became due, the deficiency shall be
paid out of the City's general fund.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest
and premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the
lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. All of the
bonds shall bear one rate of interest, and said interest shall be payable by one or
more sets of coupons. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, sub-
ject to the right of the corporate authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any
and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor
will any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All
bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied
by a deposit of five percent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the
bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder
shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days follow-
ing the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City
of Las Vegas, and, in that event, the corporate authorities of said City may accept the
bid of the one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected, such authorities
may readvertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids
are the best bids received and are not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate
authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick
and Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion together with the printed
bonds, will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 2nd day of June, 1954.

______C. D. Baker________

Attest:	Mayor

Shirley Ballinger _______

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and Bis Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution for Bond Issue on Assessment
District No. 100-25 be adopted; said bids to be opened on July 7, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for bonds all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore taken to
construct said improvements by special assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day of June, 1954, that
the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby dir-
ected to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for bonds
for Special Assessment District No. 100-25 in the aggregate principal amount of
$162,446.67.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
 Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of
bids for said bonds by publication on June 6, 13, 20, 27 and July 4, 1954, in
the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
bonds will be received until 7:30 P.M. on Wednesday, the 7th day of July, 1954.
and said bids will be opened at 7:30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

NOTICE OF SALE OF
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-2$, STREET IMPROVEMENT BONDS

SERIES OF JULY 1, 1954

$162,446.67

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
will on the 7th day of July, 1954, at 7:30 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in Las
Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale, receive sealed bids and publicly open the same for,
the following described special assessment negotiable coupon bonds of said City:

6-2-54

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-2$
Resolution for Bond
Issue