Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

March 1st, A.D. 1916.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 1st day of March A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor With Commissioners Elwell,
Matzdorf, Ball and his, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved by the Board.

At this time Newell Leavitt and Fellwrath appeared before the Board regarding sidewalks on Bridger

and Sixth street in said City, whereupon after due consideration by the Board by and between the
parties interested and the said City it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the next
regular meeting of the Board.

All claims against the City were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf moved the Board that the office of City
Marshall in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada be declared vacant and further that he said Fire

and Police Commissioner had removed Lee P. Barker as City Marshall in and for said City

whereupon second of Commissioner Ball duly carried it was ordered that the actions of the said

Fire and police Commissioner be approved and that the office of City Marshall be declared vacant.

the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye,

Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Matzdorf reported to the Board that he appointed F.A.
Waite as Policeman in and for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a Salary of $125.00 Per month and
and moved the Board that said appointment be approved and the office of Policemen be created in said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner
Ball and duly carried it was resolved that the office of Policemen be and is hereby created in and
for the City of Las Vegas Nevada at a salary of $125.00 per month and that the appointment of F.A.
Waite as said Policemen be and the same is hereby approved upon his filing a good and sufficient bond
in the sum of One thousand dollars. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Mrs I.C. Johnson appeared before the Board representing the Cemetery Board of City
of Las Vegas Nevada regarding the Water supply for the Cemetery of said City whereupon after due
consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that when this Board adjourns that it stand
adjourned until Wednesday evening the 8th at seven o'clock P.M. for the purpose of taking up
said water question and that all members of the Cemetery Committee are requested to be present.

This being the time as set by law for the fixing of the tax rate for the year 1916. and a full

Board being present it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board upon Motion of Commiss-

Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that the following rate be and



the same is hereby established towit:- that An ad Valorm tax in the sum of 21 cents on each one hundred worth of taxable
property situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas Nevada be and the same is hereby ordered
paid and collected for the year 1916. including the net proceeds of the mines except such property
as is exempt from taxation said tax to be know as and used as the General fund of said City of Las
Vegas, Clark County Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that their be collected and paid for the year 1916 An Ad Valorm
tax of twenty five cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying and being
within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada including the net proceeds
of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the
Street fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied collected and paid for the year 1916.
an Ad Valorm tax of ten cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying