the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of March;
1959; and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable
on the 1st day of March in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment; 
whether of principal or interest; when due; shall cause the whole of the unpaid 
principal to become due and payable immediately; and the whole amount of the
unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate
of ten per centum (10%) per annum; until the day of sale; but at any time prior
to the day of the sale; the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments;
with interest thereon at ten per centum (10%) per annum, and all penalties accrued, 
and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments 
in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any
property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay
the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest 
paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the
tax roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the
County Assessor of Clark County, Acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of 
said County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments
on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City
Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized 
and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same
time as other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest,
when collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement 
Assessment District No. 100-35 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as
such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated 
to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon,
to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying
in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund, shall be applied
to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall
not be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully 
paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and 
approved, said Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known
to said Ex-Officio City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment roll, by
United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied against said
person And the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-35 and shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and 
payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of
this Ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of
said City, directed toward the improving of East Charleston Boulevard by the laying 
of oil bound gravel pavement thereon, and by constructing on both sides thereof 
concrete curbs and gutters and concrete valley gutters wherever necessary, and
installing sidewalks and street lighting along the same in the said Street Improvement 
Assessment District No. 100-35, toward the creation of said District,
and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost
thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That any provision of Ordinance 752 and all by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances,
in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or
parts of this ordinance, shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid,
such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of
this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and 
invalied, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause
or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or 
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other 
instances .

SECTION 21. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of
Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that is is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

SECTION 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive
weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, 

a daily newspaper published in the said City, and this ordinance shall become 
effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 22nd day of January, 1958.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Those voting in favor the foregoing ordinance:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay" None	Absent:	None