Several members of the Elks Lodge appeared before the Board and ask permission to close
South 6th and 7th Streets from Fremont Street to the alley between Fremont and Carson Streets
for the days of April 28-29-30- and May 1st, 1938, during which time the annual Helldorado
Village would be erected.

On notion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that said streets be closed during the time of the holding of the annual Helldorado.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 2nd day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 2nd, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 2nd day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Perry.

Minutes of all meetings from March 31st, 1938 to April 13th, 1938, inclusive read and
approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Gus Corey for operation at the Recreation Center.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Marble reported to the Board at this time that he was in receipt of a letter from the
City Health Officer, Dr. Mildren, wherein Dr. Mildren reported the conditions surrounding some
of the trailer or house cars parked in the City of Las Vegas was very unsanitary.

On motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write David Mackey, Chief of Police, and ask that his depart-
ment make a search of the City in regard to parked house cars and trailers and investigate
the conditions surrounding the same and see that steps are taken at once to remedy the unsan-
itary conditions that exist.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved add carried
that the Clerk be directed to write	the Union Oil Company of California and the

Mohawk Service and inform said companies that the City of Las Vegas had accepted their bids
for a proportionate part of the City's gasoline requirements for the year 1938.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Fyhen, of the State Labor Organization appeared before the Board and ask that the City
take steps toward the repeal of the Picketing Ordinance now in effect in the City of Las Vegas.
Mr. Fyhen was advised that the Board would consider this matter at such time as a larger percentage 

of the Commission was present.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the the City Attorney, H.H. Austin, write the Public Service Commission of Nevada in
regard to securing water service for the residences of the H.F.M. & M. Tract on the Westside
of the City. To forward to the Commission a copy of the petition filed with the Clerk asking
for an adequate water service for this portion of the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Board go on record as approving the letter written by the City Attorney at the dir-
ection of Mr. Marble. to Mayor Arnett. In said letter the conditions existing in the City
were full stated, and Mr. Arnett was ask to inform the Board of the exact date he would
return to the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Baker, as a Director of the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board
and informed said Board that Mr. Smith, State Engineer upon his recent visit to the City told
of the necessity of securing addition water supplies for Las Vegas Valley.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Mr. Marble it was moved and carried that
Commissioner Ronnow represent the City of Las Vegas and appear before the Board of Clark County
Commissioners in the very near future as ascertain to what extent that Board would help towards

financing a complete survey as to the water supply for this district.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.