PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



PUBLIC HEARINGS -
Rezoning

Herr Estate Subdivision

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning
Blks 3, 5, 5 6
Meadows Addition
Orval W. Pralle

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning

Matilda R. Russell
SE¼ SE¼ Sec. 32



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-12

Public Hearing Deferred

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT

NO. 100-21	

Date for Public Hearing
on Assessment Roll Set

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 6, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this 6th
day of May, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with
the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	C.W. Shelley

Asst. City Mgr. Dora Lord
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner William Peccole

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1435 to 1440 inclusive in the net amount
of $37,929.90 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2408 to 2413 inclusive in
the total amount of $44,859.66 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of McDonald and
Schado for rezoning from R-1 to R-2, R-3 and R-4. of the proposed Herr Estate Subdivision, more
particularly described as follows:

Certain portions of the W½ NW¼ NW¼ Sec. 1, T 21 S,

R 61 E. This property is generally located south of
Charleston Boulevard and east of Eastern Avenue.

His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to protest this proposed rezoning.

Mr. E.M. Smith appeared before the Board and presented a petition signed by property owners re-
siding in this area, opposing the proposed rezoning. Dr. V.H. Fisher and Mrs. Do Stiver also
voiced their opposition to this rezoning.

Discussion was held on the matter and it was the determination of the Board that this matter be
held in abeyance until May 13, 1953.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of Orval W. Pralle
to rezone. Lots 1 to 12 and Lots 27 to 36 inclusive of Block 3; Lots 25 to 36 inclusive of Block
6 and Lots 1 to 8 inclusive of Block 5 all in the Meadows Addition, His Honor asked if there was
anyone present who wished to object to this proposed rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the above described property be rezoned from R-3 to R—4 be approved, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Peccole.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of Matilda R. Rus-
sell to rezone the following described property from R-E to R-1:

A portion of the SE¼ SE¼ Section 32, T 20 S,	

R 61 E, MDB&M. This property is generally
located between a point 290 feet north of
Charleston Boulevard to the south line of
Palomino Lane and southwesterly of Rancho
Road.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this proposed rezoning.

There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
the above described property be rezoned from R-E to R-1 be approved, be accepted*

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The public hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment District No. 200-12 was deferred until
May 13, 1953 at which time the construction bids for this district will be received.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution directing that a public hearing on the Assess-
ment Roll for District No. 100-21 be set for May 20, 1953:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to create
certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance No. 545, passed, adopt-
ed and approved the 27th day of April, 1953.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 545 directs the County Assessor of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
to make an Assessment Roll in accordance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and