

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William Banks for the Restaurant Bev-
erage license for Bank's Cafe, 1329 North E Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Consideration was given to the application of Sy Husney for the Tavern liquor license
of the New Yorker Bar, 115 South 1st Street. The City Manager advised the Commis-
sion that this license is presently issued to W.R. Mashburn and J. J. Rhiner, and
the Police investigation on applicant Sy Husney is favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Sy Husney for the Tavern Liquor license
for the New Yorker Bar, 115 South 1st Street be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the recommendation after Police investigation on
the application of Don Nagley for license for 4 slot machines at the Red & White Cafe,
801 South 1st Street, was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Don Nagley for license for 4 slot
machines at the Red and White Cafe, 801 South 1st Street be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy reported that a favorable recommendation had been received from the Po-
lice Department on their investigation of L.R. Bergen and H.P. Hurley for addition
to the Race Horse Book license presently issued to H.C. Remiloff at the Saratoga
Race Book, ll4 South 1st Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of L.R. Bergen and H.P. Hurley to be ad-
ded to the race horse book license of the Saratoga Race Book, 114 South 1st Street
be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the li-
cense .

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested additional time before making a recommendation
on Bid No. 57.29 for a Pump Maintenance Contract for the City.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the sward of Bid No. 57.29 for a Pump Maintenance
Contract be held until the next regular meeting on August 7, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the low bid of Ace Exterminating Company
on Bid No. 47.30 for the furnishing of Pest Control Service to the City for the
fiscal year be accepted, in the total amount of $834.00 for 12 months, subject to
the filing of a performance bond.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 57.30 be awarded to Ace Exterminating Company
at a total cost of $834.00 for 12 months, subject to this bidder filing a performance
bond, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign a contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy reported that he had received a request from Municipal Judge Richards
to make David Zenoff associate judge for the purpose of taking Judge Richard's
place in case of sickness or for one or two days while he is out of town.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission they had no authority to grant this
request since the Charter provides that in case the municipal judge may be sick,
absent or unable to act, any justice of the peace of said county, or any person who
possesses the qualifications prescribed by the Act for the office of municipal judge,
on the written request of the mayor, may act in the place and stead of the said
municipal judge. The City Attorney stated that in this instance, the Commission has
the power to apportion ratably the salary or compensation of such municipal judge
to such person so serving and deduct the sum from the salary of the municipal judge.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the gross payroll for this period is $100,766.32
and the net is $75,750.94.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 11125 through 11665 in the net
amount of $75,750.94 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager reported that the Service and Material Warrants totalling $401,486.78
include a Bank transfer of $290,000.00, leaving a total of $111,486.78. Also in-
cluded in this amount of $8,561.77 from the Bond Fund and $4,713.00 from special
Assessment Funds, for the improvement of "A" Street. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
balance on hand in the General Fund as of July 15, 1957 is $375,402.90.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 12897 through 13022
in the total amount of $401,486.78 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

7-17-57

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner

New Yorker Bar



GAMING LICENSE
Change of Owner

Red & White Cafe

GAMING LICENSE
Addn of Partner

BID NO. 57.29
Pump Maintenance
Contract

Award Held

BID NO. 57.30
Pest Control
Service

Award

ASSOCIATE
MUNICIPAL
JUDGE

PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

General Fund

Report

