in Schedules B and C of the Sewer Improvement Program in the total amount of $518,745.53
be accepted and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

VAN PATTEN TRACT NO.2



VAN PATTEN TRACT NO. 1
&

OAKRIDGE TRACT



GOLF COURSE CONTRACT
Partial Payment

CHARLESTON BLVD.
DRIVEWAYS
Deferred

RECREATION PROGRAM
Deferred

CITY AUDITING

SARATOGA RESTAURANT
&

SARATOGA RACE BOOK

Licensing of Food
Operations



Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on the status of the improvements in Van Patten Tract No. 1 and Oakridge
Tract, both owned by Mr. C. Van Patten. It was brought to the attention of the Board that Mr.
Van Patten has taken care of the requirements of both tracts as referred to in the City Engineer's
letter of September 11, 1953.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Van Patten Tract No. 2 be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bonds filed for performance on Oakridge Tract and Van
Patten Tract No. 1 be released subject to the Subdivider, Mr. C. Van Patten, entering into
a contract with the City to correct the intersection of 10th Street and Hassett Drive.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners,

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;, noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Longley Construction Co. for partial payment on
the 9-hole extension or the Golf Course in the total amount of $12,256.20 be approved
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign Warrant No. 50524.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple ana His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

No action was taken on the plan for driveways along east Charleston. This matter was deferred
until the regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held November 18, 1953.

Commissioner Sharp gave a brief report on the Recreation program for the coming year and the
proposed Youth Center. Discussion was held and the matter was deferred until the Commission
has the opportunity to go over this matter with the Recreation Director, H. Trent.

No action was taken on the auditing of the City accounts at this time, the same being deferred
until the City Manager makes a study and submits his report to the Board of Commissioners.

The City Manager presented his investigation of the matter or the restaurant application of
Mrs. Phil Copley to license and operate a snack bar on the same premise as the Saratoga Race
Book at 114 South 1st Street. City Manager R. V. Carey requested that the Clerk read the
written reports submitted by the Chief of Police A. H. Kennedy, Chief Building Inspector

H.	E. Hatfield and Ass't Building Inspector W. N. Hinson, all dated November 6, 1953. The
reports were read and the matter submitted to the Commission for their consideration.

The Commission questioned Mr. Provenzano, local plumbing contractor who was reported to have
done the installation of certain plumbing fixtures. Mr. Provenzano made the statement to the
Board that as long as he had been in business that the plumbing inspector visits him three
or four times a month as he passes by to collect money for plumbing permits.

Mr. Provenzano was asked if he had received a permit in the last two or three weeks. He
stated that he had not. Mr. Provenzano also related that he had never in the eleven years he
had been in business come to the City Hall to pick up a permit.

Mrs. Copley at this time requested that her application for license be withdrawn.

Further discussion was held with Mr. Sam Cohen, licensee of the Saratoga Race Book at which
time he was informed that the Board of Commissioners did not wish to have any operation on the
same premise with a Race Book.

Mr. Cohen stated that he would make restitution to Mrs. Copley for any money she might be out
in connection with the installation of this snack bar.

The application for restaurant license was withdrawn, and it was requested that all Race Book
operators be notified of the policy of the Commission in this regard.

No action was taken on the other items of the agenda at this time, but the same were deferred
until the next regular meeting to be held November 18, 1953.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunkey

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 12th day of November, 1953 was
called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:



Mayor

APPROVED

11-7-53

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 12, 1953

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Harris P. Sharp