as the Nevada Hotel in said City. M Pollard situated on Fremont street and Main street in said City

in what is known as the New Overland Hotel building in said City.   Fred Van Deventer situated on

Fremont street in what is known as the Northern Hotel in said City.   Fred J. Pearce situated on
Fremont street in what is known as the Las Vegas Hotel on Fremont street in said City. Robert Schaffer
situated on First street in what is known as the Charleston Hotel in said City. J.&.L. Holcomb situated
on First street in what is known as the Colorado Hotel in said City, Andy Smith was granted a
retail license to conduct a retail liquor saloon on first street in what is known as the Squires
Hotel in aid City it being shown to the Board by affidavits filed with said Board that a bonified
transfer had been made by and between Henry Squires and said Andy Smith.

It was further ordered by the Board that a retail liquor license be and the same is hereby issued
to Gragrlio and Baima to conduct a saloon on first street in block 16 of said City in what is known
as the old Turf saloon, and it was further ordered that permit be issued to Ed. Van to conduct a retail

saloon in block 16 on first street in said city in hat is known as the "00" saloon building.

It was further ordered that permit be issued to Al James to conduct a retail liquor saloon on
First street in block 16 of said City in what is known as the Arizona Club for the year 1916 in said

City.

It was further ordered that a retail liquor permit be and is hereby issued to Carl Wasserback to
conduct a retail liquor saloon in block 16 on first street in said City for the year 1916 in what
is known as the Star Saloon in said City.

It was further ordered by the Board that a wholesale liquor permit be and is hereby issued to
the Los Angeles Brewing Company, and the MaiW. Clark Fordwing Company to conduct a wholesale liquor
business in said City for the year 1916. whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board
it was upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered
that the above resolution be and the same are hereby passed and that the City Clerk be and is hereby
ordered to issued licenses to the above named parties upon there paying the regular liquor license
as by ordinance provided. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners
Elwell, aye, Matzdorf. aye, Ball aye. Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. nones none.