Las Vegas, Nevada

July 6, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 6th day of July, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

At this time the application of Mrs. Billy Wallace for a use permit to convert an
existing dwelling into a physician's office at 1100 E. San Francisco Avenue was consider-
ed. The Board of Adjustment recommended that this application be denied because of
protests of property owners and due to the fact that this property was converted into
a physician's office prior to any action by an official body of the City.

The Commission was advised that Dr. and Mrs. E. Basse Wallace had filed an appeal on
June 27, 1955, in protest of the denial of this application for use permit.

Mrs. Billy Wallace appeared before the Board and presented a petition in favor of the
granting of this use permit, signed by property owners within the vicinity. Mrs.

Wallace stated that of the twenty property owners within the 300 foot area, seventeen
had signed the petition favoring this installation.

His Honor asked if there were any protestants present.

Mrs. Lee Payne of 2307 Beverly Way appeared in protest and stated that Mr. and Mrs. Fred
McGowan also objected to this Use Permit.

At this time City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing on the appeal of the denial of this
Use Permit be held on August 3; 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

The Board considered the application of Ralph Seward for a use permit to establish a
real estate office at 1701-03-05 E. Charleston Boulevard. This application was
recommended for approval by the Board of Adjustment, providing that streets, curbs and
sidewalks are installed in conformance with those in this area.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and this application approved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 6th day of July, 1955; having considered the application of Ralph
Seward for a use permit to establish a real estate office on property situated at 1701-
03-05 East Charleston Boulevard, being Lots 1 and 2 in Block 7 of amended map of Mayfair
Tract #2, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application,

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ralph Seward
for a use permit to establish a real estate office at 1701-03-05 East Charleston on Lots
1 and 2 in Block 7 of amended map of Mayfair Tract #2 be approved subject to the
condition that sidewalks, curbs and paving are installed at the applicant's own expense
in conformity with those in the surrounding area, and the inspection department are
hereby authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

7-6-55

USE PERMIT

U-22-55

Mrs. B. Wallace

USE PERMIT
U-23-55

Ralph Seward