286J

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets and easements in and along
which the Board proposed to install eight inch vitrified clay pipe, are the
following:

From the manhole at the intersection of Desert Lane and
Hastings North 0° 06'26" East along the center line of
Desert Lane 441.71 feet to a point; Thence North 89°53'

30" West through a utility easement a distance of 355 feet
to a point; thence South 0°06'30" East a distance of 62.20
feet to a point; thence Westerly along the center line of
Bearden Way a distance of 510.92 feet.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed
to create, shall be designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District
No. 200-12, and shall include all the lots, premises and property to the full
depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting on said streets and parts of
streets, and easements.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans
of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the
expense thereon, on file in her office for public inspection and examination,

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at
the City Hall in said City on Monday, the 6th day of April, 1953, at the hour
of 8:00 o’clock P.M., to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that
may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at
any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said
estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of
the proposed improvements or work, of the location of the improvement, of the
district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the
proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by publication once a week
for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in
said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said notices in three public
places near the site of said proposed work.

Section 8. That all by laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or
parts of by laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this
ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or
parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held
invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining
provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the
specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held
unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of
any section, sentence, clause or parts of this ordinance, in ary one or more
instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and
validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the
City of Las Vegas is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of
the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to
raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared
that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the
immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a
week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and
adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City,
and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second
publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 25th day of March, 1953.

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

(SEAL)

Attest:

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing
ordinance. The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the
roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay; none.
Absent: None.

3-25-53