The application of Will Max Schwartz Association to construct a casino, bar and
entertainment dining room in conjunction with a resort hotel at 900 West Bonanza
Road, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

Mr. Tom Foley appeared before the Board at this time representing Will Max Schwartz
Association.

Mrs. Martha Bell, Mrs. Hazel Long, Mrs. Dorothy Culley appeared before the Board
protesting this variance stating the casino was too close to churches, schools and
residential area.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that a public hearing be set for March 17,

1954 at 7:30 P.M. and the notice to be published in the paper.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote stating that his firm were the architects
for this hotel.

The application of OLa H. Gamer to construct a single family residence with three
kitchens for three families at 1407 "H" Street, as recommended by the Planning
Commission, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of March, 1954, having considered the
application of OLa H. Gamer, for a variance to construct a single family residence
with three kitchens for three families at 1407 "H" Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City PLanning Commission
recommending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of Ola H. Gamer V-18-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the
same is hereby granted and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the
necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Malena Van Der Meer to rezone a portion of the SE¼ NE¼ Sec 27,

T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, situated between 5th and Main and North of the Helen Stewart
School from R-1 to $-4, was considered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing be set for April 7, 1954,
at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Lambert Van Der Meer to rezone the property located at approxi-
mately 1022 No. Main St. situated between the Clark Dairy and Polar Ice Plant,
from R-1 to R-4, was considered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing be set for April 7, 1954 at
7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

The application of V.D. Eachus to rezone a portion of the SE¼ NE¼ Sec. 27, T20S,

R6lE, MDB&M, situated between 5th and Main and North of the Helen Stewart School
from R-1 to R-4, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing be set for April 7, 1954,
at 7:30 P.M..

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of David S. Snyder for a Use Permit to conduct his business in his
home at 314 South 10th Street was considered by the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this Use Permit application be denied and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of March, 1954, having considered the application
of David S. Snyder for a Use Permit to conduct his business in his home at 314
South 10th Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning
Commission recommending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of David S. Snyder, U-6-54, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioner Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Twin Lakes Estate be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker

passed his vote stating that he has an interest in this property.

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Will Max Schwartz Ass.
V-17-54	

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Ola H. Gamer
V-18-54
Approved

REZONING APPLICATION
Malena Van Der Meer
Z-59-53



REZONING APPLICATION
Lamber Van Der Meer
Z-9-54

REZONING APPLICATION
V. D. Eachus
Z-58-54

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
David S. Snyder
U-6-54
Denied

TENTATIVE MAP
Twin Lakes Estate