NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Anderson
Dairy to build and operate a business of processing ice cream and milk products
and selling the same on property legally described as a portion of the W½ of the
NW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M be approved and the inspection departments
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Robert E. Jones appeared on behalf of George Heyer, to request an extension
of time on the use permit granted for the installation of a shopping center at
the intersection of Bonanza and Rancho Roads. Mr. Jones explained that this use
permit expires this date.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Mr. Heyer be granted an extension of time on this
use permit until January 16, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the final map of Twin Lakes Estates
be approved subject to the receipt and approval of the bond by the City Attorney.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Twin Lakes Estates be approved subject
to the approval of the bond by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

George E. Wade, City Engineer recommended the final map of Twin Lakes Village #4
be approved subject to the receipt and approval of the bond by the City Attorney.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Twin Lakes Village No. 4 be approved
subject to the approval of the bond by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the Elks Club be granted a 90 day
extension of time for the installation of sidewalks along the Helldorado Village
property on North 5th Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Elks Club be granted a 90 day extension of time for
this sidewalk installation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

The applicants for a tavern liquor license at the Club Louisiana, 521 Jackson
Street were informed that no action could be taken on their application since
there were not any licenses available.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Joseph Campanelli for a restaurant
beverage license at Campanelli's, 630 South 11th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William F. Kee, Mar Y. Yeong and Clayton
B. Mar for a gaming license for the Club Louisiana, 521 Jackson for 1 Craps, 1 Race
Horse Keno, 1 "21" and 1 Poker for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Earl E. Wilson for license for 2 slot
machines at Mel's Hamburger Stand, 623 Carson for the fourth quarter of 1955 be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

BLACKETT'S DRIVE INN	2110 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

DESERT POULTRY	1506 South Main	Sutton	Vending

FRIENDLY LIQUOR STORE	6l6 West Bonanza			Sutton Vending

GOLDEN GATE CLUB	1 Fremont			Sutton Vending

MEADOWS CAFE	l4th & Fremont	Sutton	Vending

MOULIN ROUGE MOTEL	Westside	Sutton	Vending

SELLMAN'S AUTO CO.	801 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER CO.	4th & Stewart	Sutton	Vending

STRIP COFFEE SHOP	1328 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

3 MINUTE CAR WASH	701 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

USE PERMIT - U-44-54
George Heyer

TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Final Map

TWIN LAKES VILLAGE
No. 4
Final Map

SIDEWALK INSTALLATIONS

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Louisiana Club

Campanelli' s

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

CIGARETTE LICENSES

