25, 1941.

"An alarming and costly outbreak of venereal diseases among service men is blamed
on army and navy BRASS HATS in a book written by Surgeon General Thomas Parran of the
United States Public Health Service, and just off the press. Parran advocates the complete
suppression of prostitutes in military camps and defence areas, but declares that 80 per
cent of army commanders favor the regulation of vice, notwithstanding an effort to bring it
under control during the last war was a tragic failure.- Three months ago congress passed
legislation making it possible to drive prostitutes away from the vicinity of camps, but Parran
says no attempt at enforcement has been made. - Prior to Defense mobilization, Parran asserts,
the commercial prostitute was barely breaking even with amateur and part-time competition.
Suddenly the situation has been reversed. The vice rings saw a vast and profitable field
of operation. -The recruitment of prostitutes has kept pace with the recruitment of the
army. It is one of our most expanded war industries."

I quote the following taken from December issue of Readers Digest Page 15.

"Realistic army men have no illusions about abolishing prostitution overnight. The
army estimates that 15 percent of its men are incorrigibles. Another 15 percent are
abstainers, being married, engaged, fearful or disinterested. The remaining 70 percent
are subject to occasional lapses; and the group the Army is particularly interested in
protecting, Professional prostitutes are responsible for practically all venereal diseases."

Nov. 21, 1941 a proposed ordinance relating to prostitution and regulation thereof
was introduced for consideration and was approved for its first reading by a 3 to 2 vote.

Mayor Garrison and myself voted in the negative on this occasion.

My position at this time remains unchanged and will continue as such under the
foregoing conditions and circumstances until and unless there may be substantial reason
produced to justify a change.

Respectfully submitted, December 16, 1941.

Arthur F. Smith, Sr.

His Honor read a wire from Sam H. Husbands, President Defense Plant Corporation,
Washington, D. C, requesting information regarding facilities for an additional 2000
homes in Las Vegas.

Commissioner Clark moved that the wire be answered giving Mr. Husbands the information
requested, as follows; that water, electricity and gas are available and that application
for a grant in the sum of $857,000.00 from the government for sewers is now pending.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by	the following vote. Commissioners

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on police car were opened from the following firms:

James Downs, Hogan and Westlake, A. Grant and McDaniel & Goodwin.

Upon recommendation of the police commissioner, Commissioner Rubidoux moved that
the bid of James Down be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the follow ng vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids on two trucks for the street department were opened at this time from the
following firms: Hogan & Westlake, and Clark County Wholesale Company. Three other
bids were sent out but not returned. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of the
Clark County Wholesale Company in the amount of $4770.66 for both trucks be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on 100 blankets for the police department were opened at this time.
Three bids were sent out but only one from J. C. Penny's was returned.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of J. C. Penny in the sum of $196. be
accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a calculating machine for the city engineer were opened at this time.

Commissioner Smith, upon the recommendation of the city engineer, moved that the
bid on the Monroe Company on a motor operated machine in the sum of $276.25 be
accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.