318

g.	Valley gutters, six (6) ft. in width, of concrete construction, as designated
by City Engineer.

h.	City Engineer to approve all profiles, cross sections, and construction spec-
ifications.

2.	Sidewalks

Concrete, four (4) ft. minimum width, located one (l) ft. from property line.

3.	Utilities

All lots improved shall be served with:

a.	Adequate water supply including fire hydrants for fire protection - Fire Chief
to approve location and kind.

b.	Sanitary sewer - City system.

c.	 Electricity - Street lighting as approved by City Electrician.

d.	The subdivider or developer shall furnish statements from the utilities with
which agreements have been made to service the tract, certifying that said ut-
ilities will furnish the services necessary.

4. School Site

A school site, consisting of two acres, will be provided in the SW 1/4 of Government
Lot No. 1, as designated by the School Board.

The installation of improvements is to comply with specifications and standards of the
City of Las Vegas.

Approval of the final subdivision map shall not be made until all street profiles, cross
sections, grading plans and architectural arrangements of housing units are submitted to
and approved by the City Departments concerned.

It is further recommended that the subdivider of this subdivision shall concurrently with
the approval of the final subdivision map by the Board of City Commissioners, enter into
an agreement with the City, agreeing to complete improvements designated. If the desig-
nated improvements have not been completed within an agreed period of time, an extension may
be authorized at the discretion of the Board of the Board shall cause such improvements to
be completed in accordance with the terms of the aforesaid agreement. Such agreement
should be secured by a good and sufficient performance bond or other negotiable guarantee,
in an amount not in excess of the cost of the improvement and approved by the Board of
City Commissioners. Any application for the release of any such bond or guarantee shall
be accompanied by a certificate by the City Engineer, stating that all required improvements
have been satisfactorily completed in accordance with the terms of said agreement and no
such bond or guarantee should be released or return until such certificate shall first
have been filed with the Board of City Commissioners.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission rela-
tive to the Crestwood Homes, Tract No. 2 and tentative subdivision map be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

SUBDIVISION —	The following recommendation from the Planning Commission dated November 3, 1948 relative

Hillside Terrace	to the Hillside Terrace subdivision was received:

Tentative Map

Approved	Transmitted herewith is a tentative map for a proposed subdivision in the NE 1/4 NW 1/4,

Section 2, T. 21 S., R. 6l E., M.D.B. & M. This embraces approximately twelve (12)

	acres within the City of Las Vegas, situated on the south side of Charleston Boule-

vard immediately east of Charleston Square, Tract #1. This tract is a portion of
Charleston Square #2 as originally platted.

On October 26, 1948 the Regional Planning Commission conditionally approved this
tentative map and transmits same. Conditions as previously set forth by the Planning
Commission will be met. In addition to those conditions, the following are recommended:

Valley gutters, six (6) ft. in width, of concrete construction as designated
by City Engineer.

Electricity - Street lighting as approved by City Electrician.

The School Board has advised this office that no school site will be required
in this tract.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission
relative to the Hillside Terrace Tract and tentative subdivision map be approved subject
to the installation of curbs and gutters and sidewalks throughout.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.