PETITION - Vacation	At this time a petition of property owners for the vacation of a certain portion

of 3rd Street	of third street between Woming and Oakey Boulevard was presented to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this petition be referred to the Regional Planning
Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Joe Schramm and Harry Farnow to transfer

Transfer of Location	the tavern license of Duffy’s Tavern from 709 South 5th Street to 1145 South 5th

Duffy's Tavern	Street be approved subject to their submitting a letter from the adjacent property

	owners that there is no objection to a tavern at this location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLUMBING CODE	At this time a request from the Plumbing Inspector that the Board adopt the 1950

Plumbing Code and Gas Code, was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved this request be granted and the proper notice be
given of the intention of the Board to adopt these codes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting recess until Monday, November 26, 1951 at the hour of
7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



Las Vegas, Nevada
November 26, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark	County,	Nevada, was held on Monday, the 26th day of November, 1951,at the hour

of 7:30	o'clock, P. M., at the City Hall, being the regular meeting place of said

Board, at which meeting there were present and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

constituting all of the members of said Board. There were also present the following:
Assistant City

Attorney	Ralston	O. Hawkins

City Engineer    	           C. C. Boyer
City Clerk	Shirley	Ballinger.

GARBAGE CONTRACT	At this time the Board interviewed the following persons who had submitted bids on

	November 21, 1951 for hauling and disposing of trash and garbage in the City of

Las Vegas:

 Mr. Louis Visco and

Mr. McCree	 Las Vegas Sanitary Disposal Co.

Mr. Adam Schleining

and Mr. Randolph Oden       Lennox Disposal Service

Mr. Barney L. Barnes 	Southern Nevada Disposal Service Inc.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-6    Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
	which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, and
the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts of streets
therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-6
for the purpose of making-said improvements, and has ordered the work of said improvement;
and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said improve-
ments, including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed,
against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by
such improvements and included within said District; and

WHEREAS, said assessments aggregate the principal sum of $125,290.07; and

WHEREAS, said City heretofore provided that said assessments were due and pay-
able at the office of the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, actin ex-officio