

PUBLIC HEARING -
Use Permit
William Graves

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning of Boulder
Addition

PUBLIC HEARING -
Assessment District
No. 200-5

WHEREAS, on the 2nd day of May, 1952, Charles A. Mohler filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission to permit the construction of an outdoor advertising sign on 5th
Street and Bell Drive in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time arguments were presented by all interested parties;
and

WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the applica-
tion on the ground that it would be detrimental to surrounding property owners and the fact
that the Commission did not feel that outdoor advertising structures should be placed adjacent
to residential districts; and

WHEREAS, an appeal of the decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with
the Board of Commissioners by Charles A. Mohler within the time allowed by Chapter 24 of the
Las Vegas City Code; and

WHEREAS, a public hearing was conducted by the Board of Commissioners on the 2nd day
of July, 1952 on the appeal of this decision.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Charles A. Mohler be denied permission to construct an outdoor advertising sign on 5th
Street and Bell Drive in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District, be and the same hereby is ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of the decision of the Regional
Planning Commission denying the application of William J. Graves for a Use Permit to operate a
trailer court on Lots 9, 10 and 11, Block 6, Fairview Addition, His Honor asked if tnere was
anyone present who wished to protest this application. There were no objections voiced.

Mr George Rudiak, representing Mr. Graves appeared before the Board at this time and requested
that this Permit be granted.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for Use Permit be approved and the follow-
ing resolution adopted:

#289 RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 29th day of April, 1952, William J. Graves filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to operate and maintain a trailer court on
12th and Stewart Avenue, legally described as Lots 9, 10 and 11, Block 6 of the Fairview Addition;
and

WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on May 22, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny such applica-
tion on the ground that this use would be detrimental and generally depreciating upon surround-
ing properties; and

WHEREAS, an appeal of the decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with
the Board of Commissioners by William J. Graves within the time allowed by Chapter 2k of the
Las Vegas City Code; and

WHEREAS, a public hearing was conducted by the Board of Commissioners on the 2nd day
of July, 1952 on the appeal of this decision, at which time no objections were raised and no
communications protesting the granting of said variance were received.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners that this Use Permit
to operate and maintain a trailer court on 12th and Stewart Avenue, be and the same hereby is
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the following des-
cribed property:

1) From R-3 to R-4, Lots 9 to 16, Block 10; Lots 9 to 18, Block 11; Lots 1 to 18,

Block 16; Lots 1 to 8, Block 17; and Lots 14 to 17, Block 22, Boulder Addition,

2)	From R-3 to C-2, Lots 6 to 10, Block 12, Boulder Addition,

His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to protest this rezoning. There were
no objections voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above described property be rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-
ker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear and consider any suggestions and objections
that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating
thereto, in the proposed Sanitary Sewer Assessment District No. 200-5 in said City as provided
in Emergency Ordinance No. 493, passed and adopted and approved the 4th day of June, 1952, and
notice prescribed therein. The Mayor then asked if any written objections, suggestions or com-
ments concerning said District had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk
answered that no objections, suggestions or comments concerning said District had been filed in