450

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 22, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of August, 1949, was
called to order at the hour of 3:15 PM. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; Acting
City Manager George 0. Treem, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

AMENDMENT TO MASTER	This being the time set for hearing on proposed amendments to the Master Plan of the City

PLAN - Public Hearing	of Las Vegas, the following petitions for rezoning were considered:

	(l) Rezoning of property SE 1/4 of Section 21, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., changing areas from

"Rl" Residential Zone to the "C2" General Commercial Zone, and a portion from the "Rl"

Residential Zone to the "R4" Multiple Zone, as approved by the Regional Planning Commission
at a special meeting held July 12, 1949.

His Honor asked if there were any present who would like to protest the rezoning of the
above-mentioned properties.

(2) Rezoning of Lots 1 through 8, Block 6, Biltmore Addition No. 3, Lots 1 and 2
from C-l to C-2, and Lots 3# 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8 from R-3 to C2 zones, as approved by the
Regional Planning Commission at a special meeting held July 12, 1949.

His Honor asked if there were any present who would like to pretest the rezoning of the
above mentioned properties.

There being no one present who wished to protest or object to the foregoing proposed amendments
to the Master Plan, Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendations of the Regional
Planning Commission on the above rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION - Alley	This being the time set for the public hearing on the vacation of a certain portion of an

Block I, Park Place	alley in Block "I", Park Place Addition, His Honor read the notice of this proposed

Addition	vacation*

Public Hearing	His Honor then asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this vacation.

There being no one present who wished to object, Commissioner Moore moved that the following
	order be adopted:

ORDER

A Petition signed by ten (10) freeholders residing in the area affected, having
filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of the portion of an alley,
hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred to the
Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the premises, and said
Planning Commission having filed its report dated June 30, 1949, with the Board approving and
recommending said vacation to the extent hereinafter described;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting on the 7th day of July. 1949
set the 22nd day of August, 1949, at the hour of 3:00 P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the
Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building located at the Northwest corner of Fifth
and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place fora
public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and Ordered the City Clerk to cause the
aforesaid street proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the time and
place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk of
this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is attached to
said affidavit, was posted on the 20th day of July, 1949, in the manner prescribed by said
Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in support
of said Petition and recommendation and no evidence in opposition thereto having been offered.;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the alley
proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and convenience, that said vacation
will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas and is necessary for and by reason of the
public interest and convenience, and that the public will not be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ordered that the following described portions of said alley, to-wit:

That certain alley situate in Block "I" as shown on the plat of the subdivision
of Block "I" Park Place Addition in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
as recorded on page 54, Book 1, of Plats on file in said county.

except that the City of Las Vegas retains and holds unto itself, an easement and right-of-way
in and along said alley described as follows:

Ten (10) foot public utility easement, five (5) feet measured at right angles
to each side of present alley center line.,

be, and the same are hereby vacated.