STADELMAN AGREEMENT
APPROVED

RESOLUTION— Ted
Konduris

Commissioner Clark moved that the agreement between the
City of Las Vegas and Richard Stadelman for architectural
services on the new Police Station be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried unanimously, the following resolution
was adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the members of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
share the well recognized view that wholesome recreation for children is a prime and
essential factor in the development of good citizenry, and

WHEREAS, it is	the	established policy and resolve of	this Board	to promote the

interests and welfare of	the	children and young people of this 	community by providing the

necessary facilities for their recreation, and

WHEREAS, this Board has always welcomed and gratefully accepted the cooperative
assistance of the inhabitants of the community, and public spirited contributions toward
the betterment of child welfare, and

WHEREAS, Theodore N. Konduris, an esteemed and respected citizen of Las Vegas,
has made a gift of certain lands to the City, expressing the wish that it be used for a
children’s playground or similar activity for the benefit of the children of the
community.

NOW, THEREFORE,	BE	IT RESOLVED this 21st day of February, 1946, 	by the Board of

Commissioners of the City	of	Las Vegas, County of Clark, State	of Nevada,	that this Board

go publicly on record as expressing its own gratitude, and that of the inhabitants of this
City as well, for the civic mindedness and public spirit shown by Theodore N. Konduris
in making such gift of land to the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution be spread at length on the minutes
of the Board, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be sent to Theodore N.

Konduris.

RESOLUTION—Accepting
Contract 5—Fire Station

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

S/ Helen Scott Reed	S/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

Upon motion of Commissioner Corradetti, duly seconded by
Commissioner Bates and carried unanimously, the following
resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered Into several contracts for the 

furnishing of equipment in connection with Project No. 26-130-N, and

WHEREAS, all equipment has been received in a satisfactory condition in connection
with the following contract:

Acceptance Date

Contract#5	ROY G. DAVIS COMPANY	$194.00	2-1-46

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept Contract #5
as being completed as of the above specified date.

TAXI APPLICATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of the

Checker Cab Corporation of Nevada for a taxi permit be
tabled until March 7.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.