Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple.

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 16th day of February, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H.	Rounthwaite

Assistant City Manager	Robert W.	Notti

City Attorney	Howard W.	Cannon

City Engineer	George E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 14031 to 14539 in the net amount
of $58,654.05 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of February 2 and 7, 1955, be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the petition for vacation of the alley
in Block 3, Church Addition, continued from February 2, 1955; the matter was considered
by the Board.

Mr. Franklin Bills stated that the Planning Commission recommended that this vacation
be denied as the City could not obtain the dedication of a right of way from the owner
of the property.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and that this petition for vacation be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the petition for vacation of a portion
of Bonneville Avenue between 13th and 14th Streets, the matter was considered by the
Board.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the public hearing on this vacation be held in abeyance
until the next regular meeting on March 2, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing on the
application of George Heyer for a use permit for a shopping center on Bonanza and Rancho
Roads, His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Mr. Robert E. Jones presented a petition from owners of property in this vicinity
requesting approval of this use permit.

Mr. Joe Gallwich appeared before the Board protesting the granting of this use permit.

2-16-55

PAYROLL WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation

B1. 3 Church Add.

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation

Bonneville Ave.

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
George Heyer