At this time the Board considered the application of Drs. J. H. Swartzfager, K. F. Smith,

G.	W. Tueller and Ralph Reed for a Use Permit to erect a one-story building to be used for
medical offices on the west side of Rancho Road between Charleston Blvd. and Palomino
Lane. The public hearing on this application was held by the Board of Commissioners on
March 21, 1955 and taken under advisement at that time.

Mrs. Cornelius Hurley appeared before the Board protesting the granting of this use permit
for medical offices in a residential area.

There was also placed on file the written protest of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Teel, 2231 W.
Charleston Blvd., requesting that this permit be denied for the same reasons set forth by
Mrs. Hurley.

Mr. Bruce Beckley appeared on behalf of Drs. Swartzfager, Smith, Tueller and Reed and
requested that this permit be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that this use permit be approved as recommended by
the Board of Adjustment on the legal description submitted, said description to be made a
part of the record, due to the fact that the Commission has determined that this proposed
construction is in the best interest of the public and further since only two protests were
filed by property owners in the vicinity:

That parcel of land lying in the SE¼ SE¼ Section 32, Township 20 South,

Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M. more particularly described as follows:

COMMENCING at the southeast corner of said Section 32, thence North 89˚

33' 30" West a distance of 664.8 feet along the center line of
Charleston Boulevard to a point, thence North 0°16' 30" West a distance
of 330.0 feet to the true point of beginning; thence North 89˚33' 30"

West	a distance	of	661.90	feet	to	a point;	thence North 0˚16' 30"

East	a distance	of	466.36	feet	to	a point;	thence South 89° 33' 30"

East	a distance	of	613.72	feet	to	a point on the westerly right of	way

line	of Rancho Road (150 ft. wide), thence	southeasterly along the	said

westerly right of way line on a curve having a central angle of 3°42'

29" and a radius of 1543.0 feet, an arc length distance of 100.0 feet
to a point; thence south 0° 16' 30" West a distance of 378.6 feet to the
true point of beginning.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:00 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour of
8:25 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The Board considered the proposed agreement for the furnishing of sewer service submitted
by the Strip Hotels, namely Sahara, Thunderbird, Algiers, El Rancho and Riviera.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that for and in consideration of $100,000.00 sewer
rental fees advance by the Strip Hotels the Sahara, Thunderbird, Algiers, El Rancho
and Riviera at the rate of $30,000.00 per year, which is approximately 50% more than
changed similar enterprises in the City of Las Vegas, the City agrees to furnish sewage
treatment until June 1, 1958; forfeiture of said balance to be to the City if said Hotels
convert to County Sewer and may be terminated in six months' notice after January 1,

1957; that the agreement submitted be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same, upon the receipt of the aforementioned $100,000.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Clerk received a cashiers check in the amount of $100,000.00 and was
instructed to find out from the Riviera Hotel whether they would elect to pay the sewer
rental services for the second quarter of 1955 or have the same credited against the
advance payment.

Mayor Baker announced to the public that the aforementioned $100,000.00 is to be used to
expand the sewage facilities within the City of Las Vegas so that the present treatment
plant can handle approximately 3,000,000 additional gallons per day.

At this time the Board considered the proposal of the Catholic Church for trade of
property with the City. Mr. Larry Stecher and Father Donald Carmody appeared on behalf
of the Church representing the Rt. Rev. Robert J. Dwyer, Bishop of Reno, Nevada.

The Commission gave tentative approval to the proposed trade of land with the church
which is located to the west of Marble Manor on West Washington Blvd. and is composed of
approximately 9 acres for the City's Old "Dump Site" (approximately 4 acres), subject to the
Church securing two additional parcels of property.

At this time Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the bid on the additions and
alterations to the Sewage Treatment Plant be awarded to the lower bidder, Lembke, Clough &
King.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation be accepted and this bid be awarded to Lembke,
Clough & King in the total amount of $73,300.00 and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign said contract when the required bonds have been filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

3-30-55

USE PERMIT
Medical Center
Rancho Road

U-7-55

SEWER RENTAL
AGREEMENT
"Strip Hotels"

TRADE OF PROPERTY
Catholic Church

SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Addns. & Alterations
Bid Awarded