This being the time set for the hearing in the matter of the charges heretofore filed against
C.A. Haller for violating Ordinance No. 33. of said City of Las Vegas Nevada, and also being the
time set for the said C.A. Haller to appear before said Board of Commissioners to show cause why
his permit to conduct a retail liquor business should not be revoked, and the City Clerk having
notified the Board that the notice heretofore ordered to be made and served, upon the said Haller
was duly served on the 9th day of April 1915 and the said Board after hearing the proofs and evidence
of the violation of the said Ordinance and after hearing the statement of the said C.A. Haller
then and there being present, upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner
Griffith and duly carried resolved: It satisfactorly appearing to the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, after hearing all the evidence and proofs adduced and after hearing
the statement of C.A. Haller, that the charges heretofore filed against the said Haller,
for Violating Ordinance No, 33 are true and that the said violations were
committed by the said C.A. Haller, it is hereby ordered that the Permit heretofore granted to
the said Haller to conduct a retail liquor business in the City of Las Vegas, be and the same
is hereby revoked, And the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas is hereby Ordered to notify
the said C.A. Haller forthwith of the said revocation. the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:— Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. Smith aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

May 5th A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the above mentioned date Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
Curtiss and Sullivan, it appearing at this time that it would be advisable for said Board to
adjourn until some future date it was upon motion being duly made and carried that this Board
stand adjourned until Tuesday evening May 11th, A.D. 1915. at seven o'clock P.M.