251

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner
Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until Monday, June the 7th at the
hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Moore.

ATTEST	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7th, 1948

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of
June, 1948. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor Cragin at the
hour of 2:00 P. M. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Clark and Whipple. City Manager J. M. Murphy and City Clerk Helen Scott
Reed. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Moore, and City Attorney

C. Norman Cornwall.

At this time a committee, who are working for the construction of a city
library, composed of the following persons:

Mrs. C. Norman Cornwall
Mrs. Reba McKinster
Milton Keefer, Esquire
Mr. Finch
Mr. Kolben

appeared before the Board with plans for a proposed library to be erected
on property to be furnished by the City.

Considerable discussion was had on the matter and the plans were very
satisfactory to the Board of Commissioners.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time
on motion of Commissioner Clark, seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried by unanimous vote the meeting was adjourned until June 15, at the
hour of 2:00 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 15, 1948

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 15th
day of June, 1948. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Clark, Moore, and Whipple; City Manager, J. M. Murphy,
and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin and

City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall:

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of May 21, and 27, and

June 2, 4, 7, to be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk
	authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent Commissioner Baskin.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 1497 and 1510 to

1517 both inclusive in the net sum of $26,340.00 be approved and the
	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.	1507

WARRANTS	to 1509 inclusive, and 1518 and 1520 both inclusive in the sum	of $17,359.09

be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission
NO. 55	relative to Zone Exception Case No. 55 concerning Lot 32, Block 10, South

Lot 32, Blk 10	Addition be approved in accordance with the recommendations of	the Planning

South Addition	Commission dated May 28, 1948 and on file in the office of the	City Clark.

Dr. J. C. Cherry

]