Las Vegas, Nevada

June 29, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 29th day of June, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

This being the time set for the public hearing on the change of name of Clydie Road to
Alta Drive as recommended by the Planning Commission, the matter was considered by the
Board. Clydie Road is located on the center section line of Section 32, T20S, R61E,

MDB&M, and generally described as the northerly street of Mountain View Estates.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this change of street name. No protests
were filed or objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the name of Clydie Road generally described as
the northerly street of Mountain View Estates be changed to Alta Drive, and the following
resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, it has come to the attention of the Board of City Commissioners that a Building
Code Digest has been issued by R. E. BARRINGER, publisher; compiled and produced by ADCO
PUBLISHING COMPANY, and

WHEREAS, it appears that advertising has been sold therein on the representation that said
booklet is an official publication of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, said document is not an official publication of the City and the City assumes no
responsibility for the accuracy of the representations made therein;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the City Clerk cause a public notice to be published
advising the general public that the said Building Code Digest is not an official city
document and is in no way sponsored by the City of Las Vegas nor does the City assume any
responsibility for the matters contained therein.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered at this time the application of A. E. McKenzie for a permit to hold an
auction on flood damaged merchandise at McKenzie Furniture Co. store building, 1301 South
A Street beginning July 6 and ending July 9, 1955.

Mayor Baker asked if the necessary inventory of items to be auctioned had been filed in
compliance with the ordinance. Mr. McKenzie stated that such an inventory would be filed.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a permit to hold an auction on flood damaged merchandise
at the McKenzie store building, 1301 South A Street commencing July 6 and ending July 9,

1955, be approved subject to the filing of an inventory of items to be sold, and compliance
with the ordinance concerning auctions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Ben Fabbi for permission to change the name of business on his U-drive licenses
from Nevada U-Drive, 2400 South 5th Street to Vegas U-Drive, renewal of license for 4 U-
drives and additional licenses for 6 U-drives, was considered as this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Ben Fabbi to change the name of his business from
Nevada U-Drive to Vegas U-Drive, renewal of 4 U-drives and additional licenses for 6 U-
drives for the third quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses for
the 3rd quarter of 1955 be approved in the same form and condition as in the previous quarter:

(SEE ATTACHED LIST)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

6-29-55

PUBLIC HEARING -
Street Name Change
Clydie to Alta

AUCTION PERMIT -

McKenzie Furniture

U-DRIVE APPLICATION

Name Change &

Additionals



GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals

