ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-19
Protest

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-21

Opening of Construction
Bids

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-21
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll
NO. 28-1953

demption date, and bearing interest payable annually
at a rate of not exceeding seven per centum (7%) per
annum, both principal and interest being payable at
the office of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Said bonds and the interest thereon are payable from
a special fund designated "Street Improvement Assess-
ment District No. 100-19 Bond Interest and Redemption
fund," containing the receipts upon the collection there-
of from the special assessments levied against and se-
cured by a lien upon property in Street Improvement
Assessment District No. 100-19 in said City, said
assessments bearing interest commencing May 1, 1953,
and payable annually on each principal paying date at
the same rate of interest as borne by said bonds, said
assessments being payable in ten substantially equal
annual installments of principal on or before May 1, 1954,
and on or before the same day in each year thereafter
until paid in full, or, at the owner’s option, the whole
unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the
next interest paying date being payable at any time; "pro-
vided, however, that in the event said fund shall be in-
sufficient to pay said bonds and interest thereon as they
become due, the deficiency shall be paid out of the City’s
general fund."

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (A) the lowest rate of inter-
est and premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will purchase said bonds;
or (B) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds
at par. All of the bonds shall bear one rate of interest, and said interest shall
be payable by one or more sets of coupons. The bonds will be sold to the bidder
making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate authorities of the City
of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor
will any discount or commission be allowed or paid in the sale of such bonds.

All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be ac-
companied by a deposit of five percent, either cash or certified check, of the
amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the
successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit
shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event, the corporate
authorities of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid,
or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may readvertise said bonds for
sale. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received,
and are not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will
determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth,

Dick and Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose opinion together with
the printed bonds, will be furnished the purchaser without charge.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 20th day of May, 1953.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 2Oth day of May, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commis-

sioners Peccole and Whipple.

Mrs. Sally Murphy appeared before the Board at this time in behalf of the people
living on North 8th Street, between Stewart and Mesquite. Mrs. Murphy stated
that the property owners in this area objected to this improvement and she requested
that this objection be made a matter of record.

His Honor asked if there were any other persons present who wished to protest this
assessment district. There were no other objections voiced.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation of
improvements in Assessment District No. 100-21, bids were received from the follow-
ing firms:

General Builders, Inc.	$27,424.58

Ideal Asphalt Paving Co., Inc. 32,735.00

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Comptroller for check and computation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioners Peccole and Whipple.

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on Assessment Roll No. 28-1953,
the Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and review the assess-
ments and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the proposed
improvements in Assessment District No. 100-21.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there
had been no objections filed in her office prior to said meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, suggestions,

or comments, or raise any question concerning said special assessment roll. There

were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

5-20-53