161

IAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 7, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th
day of November, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor

E.	W. Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple, City Manager J. M. Murphy,

City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall, and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of September 29th, October

	7th, 15, 22, 27th at 4:00 P.M., and 29th be approved by reference. The

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Com-
missioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clerk, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #1300-1306 inc., in the

net sum of $21,818.89 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants #1307-1312

WARRANTS	inclusive in the sum of $28,229.61 be approved and the Mayor and City

	Clerk authorized to sign same, further that the controller be instructed

to release them as money is available. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SALARY: GEORGE	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the City Manager

SHANNON	that George Shannon be paid the difference in his salary and the Nevada

	Industrial Insurance for the period of October 1st to 15th, 1947, incl.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

 Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of O. J. Morling, City Building

CLAIM: O. J. MORLING
	Inspector, for expenses incurred while attending the Annual Conference

of Pacific Coast Building Officials' Assn., at the South Rim of the
Grand Canyon, Arizona from October 20th to 24th in the sum of $82.94
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WILDCAT LAIR: NURSERY Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the recommendation of
SCHOOL & SKATING	the Recreation Board that Wildcat Lair Nursery School be abandoned as

ACTIVITIES	of the first of the year; and that the skating activities be transferred

from the War Memorial Building to Wildcat Lair as of the first of the
	year. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple, Moore, and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

CHANGE ORDERS 8-12	The following change orders and credit orders were presented to the

Incl. CREDIT ORDER	Board for their consideration:

#13 LAS VEGAS BATH-
HOUSES : CREDIT ORDER	#8 Provide and install a 4" gate valve where

#19 CITY JAIL	directed in tunnel at the 4" supply line.

	(Note:	Improper installation by Runyan

originally required this installation.) $60.15

#9 Continue drain line from sump to 6" waste
line and connect. (Note:	This bypasses

sump pump. Sump pump activated only when
floor is flooded.)	$35.85

#10 Provide and install a by-pass and pressure

reducing valve for better protection. (Note:

By-pass installed since city water pressure

was increased above time originally engineered.) $110.20

#11 Provide and install a pipe drain from

relief valve and expansion tank - connect to
main drain line. (Note: This had to be done
due to fact floor slopes wrong way for
drainage. Runyan installed floor. $45.13

#12 As per item #5 of addendum re:	extra for

excavation through rock for sewer line - 12
hours @ $8.50	$102.00

#13 Credit a 20 H.P. Magnetic Switch furnished by
the city but installed by the United Electric
Company - City	$62.32

#19 The flag pole and base shall be installed by

others. The credit on this item shall be $200.00

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing change and credit
Orders be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.