Las Vegas, Nevada
July 18, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
18th day of July, 1956, was called to roder at the hour of 7:35 P.M. with the following
members present:

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Fountain moved that in the absence of Mayor Baker and Mayor Pro-Tem Whipple,
Commissioner Bunker be appointed as Acting Mayor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker and Commissioner
Whipple

Acting Mayor Bunker then announced that this was the time set for the continuation of the
public hearing on the nuisance of the conveyor across the alley behind the American Linen
Supply Compary at 1001 South 1st Street, and requested the Attorney for this Company to
report on what progress had been made since the hearing held on July 10, 1956.

Mr. Herb Jones appeared on behalf of the American Linen Supply Company and advised the
Commission that the noise at this location is such that it does disturb the people in the
neighborhood. He stated that he had conferred with George Franklin, Jr., attorney for
those property owners requesting the abatement of this nuisance to see what can be done.

Mr. Jones requested that the Commission continue this hearing for a period of ninety
(90) days so that engineers can be called in to determine what can be done to eliminate
the noise, or what other measures can be taken to relieve the situation.

Mr. George Franklin appeared at this time and advised the Commission that his clients
were willing to allow a reasonable amount of time for the American Linen to correct this
problem. He assured the Board that these property owners do not want to harass the
American Linen Company, they merely want quiet. He indicated they would be agreeable with
a continuance of this hearing, if this Company will start immediately, in good faith to
correct this nuisance. He requested that if the Commission does grant a continuance, that
a time limit be set at night during which this conveyor is operated.

Mr. Jones stated that the American Linen would not operate the conveyor past 8:30 P.M.

Commissioner Sharp moved this hearing be continued, and the American Linen Supply Company
requested to submit a report to the Commission on August l5th and another report on
September 15th, 1956 as to the progress being made to correct this situation; further
that during this interim period that the operation of the conveyor be shut down at 8:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple
and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that due to the fact there is not a full Board present, the
following items be continued until the next regular meeting on August 1, 1956;

1.	Rezoning application of the UPRR (Z-6-56) for rezoning from R-3 to M-1
of the NW¼, SE¼, SE¼, Sec. 28-20-61 and from M-1 to R-4 of the E 200'
of the NW¼ Sec. 33 and the S710' of the E200' of the SW¼ Sec. 28-20-61.

2.	The plan of the UPRR for the development of their property generally
described as that land lying between Bonanza Road, Vegas Creek, UPRR
tracks and Highland Drive.

3.	Petition for the vacation of the cul-de-sac in Park Circle, Westwood
Park No. 2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple
and Mayor Baker.

Planning Director Franklin Bills reported on the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that no change be made in the ordinance to allow wedding chapels in a C-1 zone.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be approved and no
change in the ordinance be made at this time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker, voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Action on the tentative plan for a street numbering system was deferred until the next
regular meeting of Commission on August 1, 1956.

ACTING MAYOR
Appointed

PUBLIC HEARING
American Linen
Nuisance Abatement

REZONING (Z-6-56)
UPRR DEVELOPMENT FLAN
VACATION OF PARK
CIRCLE

Matters Continued

WEDDING CHAPELS

STREET NUMBERING
Tentative Plan