Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be appointed to confer with Mr. Norton,
Building inspector, along with Roscoe Hampton, Harrison Stocks, Mr. Fleming and the city
attorney to work out an ordinance covering the building code. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the gas allowance for Mr. Mendell for the month of April
in the sum of $10 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A copy of condemnation proceedings in the U. S. Court, against several defendants including
the city of Las Vegas was presented and referred to the city attorney for proper action.

Commissioner Clark moved that 650 feet of 3/8" cable Bor draging the sewer lines be purchased
for $39.45. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The city clerk was directed to write to the Junior Chamber of Commerce informing them that
at this time due to inability to obtain priority and also to the financial status of the city
that it would be impossible to install aircoolers in the auditorium of the War Memorial
Building.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the United States Government is desirous of obtaining right of way from the City
of Las Vegas for the Sewer Main Project constructed in the City of Las Vegas, and

	

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada is willing to grant such easements and
right of way bo the United States Government of America;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada that the said City of Las Vegas grant to the United States Government
the easements and right of way mentioned in that certain deed dated the 16th day of June, 1942.

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing Resolution be adopted, providing the records
of the City Engineer as approved are correct stating that the property belongs to the city
of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Rubidoux
was out of the room.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada did enter into a certain lease
with the United States of America dated the 25th day of January, 1941, Contract No.

W 766 QM 5336 for the leasing of 200 acres of land for a Flexible Gunnery School site,

AND WHEREAS, the United States Government desires additional land to provide adequate
space for the expansion of the Flexible Gunnery School,

AND WHEREAS, the said City of Las Vegas is willing to grant such additional land,

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County. Nevada that that certain lease as above, be supplemented to include that
portion of E½ Section 4 and that portion of the NW¼ Sec. 3 T. 20, S., R. 62 E., MD.B&M.
lying South of U. S. Highway 91; said supplemental agreement to include such land as not
already occupied by the Flexible Gunnery School. Excluding further that acre of ground
situated in the NE¼ of the NW¼ of Sec. 3, T. 20 S., R. 62 E., M. D. B. & M., owned by
Bud Barrett and Sue Barrett, husband and wife, Excluding further the power line and rail-
road rights of way. Excluding further the Airport access road right of way and Airport
Depot site. The Government shall pay to the lessor for the additional leased premises as
above the sum of $1.00 per annum;

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that certified copy of this Resolution be furnished to the
United States Government.

Commissioner Clark moved the foregoing Resolution be approved and adopted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City clerk be authorized to execute the agreement
between the Las Vegas Land & Water Company and the city of Las Vegas for the acquisition
of 10 additional acres of land for the site for construction of sewage disposal works and
septic tank. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye, Noes, none.

The application of Mr. Kirby for a retail beverage license at 5th & Linden Streets was
tabled.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of James J. Adras for a tavern liquor license
and a cocktail bar at 109 Fremont be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch voting aye.

Mayor Garrison passed his vote.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Frank C. Kernan for a slot machine license
at 1501 S. 5th Street be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

A petition signed by several property owners giving their consent for Flora Rowles to sell 

soft drinks at 5th & Madison Streets, Westside, was presented and referred to the city
attorney for recommendation.