No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved ana carried that this meeting recess
until Tuesday the 18th nay of March, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Tuesday the 18th day of March, 1941 at the hour
of seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 18th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas Clark County Nevada, held on the 18th day of March, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty
P.M. on said day.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of March 17th read and approved as read.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter from the Southern Nevada Aero Club wherein said Club
ask that the City of Las Vegas provide a suitable air port for private and commercial flying.
Mr. Fox of the Aero Club spoke to the Board in regard to this matter, but no action was taken
at this time, but Mayor Russell suggested that the Club investigate lands to the south and east
of the City.

Dr. Nelison of the State Board of Health appeared before the Board and made oral report
of his findings in the City of Las Vegas.

Matters pertaining to the Las Vegas Municipal Airport were next considered.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, that the sum of twenty five thousand ($25,000.00) dollars be taken from the General
Fund of said City and deposited in the First National Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas, Branch, in a
separate bank account and to be used for one purpose only, namely to apply on the cost of con-
struction of an administration building at the Las Vegas Municipal Airport, which said sum
shall be paid out upon usual form city warrants, issued by the City of Las Vegas and counter
signed by some representative of said Western Air Lines Inc. (formerly Western Air Express
Corporation) to be designed- said representative of said Western Air Lines Inc. shall not, how-
ever, refuse to countersign any such warrant which may be issued by said City for any item
comprising a portion of the cost of said administration building; that the purpose of this
deposit is to be able to secure from Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, the deed to the lands comprising said Airport which is now being held in escrow by said
Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company until an administration building shall be completed
at said Airport at a cost of not less than twenty-five thousand ($25,000.00) dollars; and that
the reason for this action and for making of said deposit is that the Civil Aeronautics
Administration of the United States requires that title to said Airport be in said City of Las
Vegas before proceeding further with the improvement of said Airport.

Commissioner Ronnow Proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution the same
was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and upon being but to vote was passed and adopted by
the following vote:

Voting Aye; Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti. Voting No His Honor the
Mayor John L. Russell.

Mayor Russell stated this reason for voting no being, in as much as the agreement with
the Western Air Express runs for two years, does not believe that the General Fund of the City
should be depleted to the sum of $9,027.36, said figure as given by A.W. Blackman, and that
the City should call on the Western Air Express before taking action to see what said Western
Air Express would be able to do to satisfy the C.A.A. That the Commission should not rush into
any deal without giving same more consideration.

Commissioner Ronnow stated that due to the fact that the day has been set for awarding
of bids for construction work at the Las Vegas Municipal Airport and that date is March 21st
1941 that time is very short and that failure on the part of the City might resport in the
City losing the airport project, was the reason for the haste in the above mentioned Resolution
at this time. According to figures compiles as of 3/18/41 with the disposition of the $25,000.00
for this purpose and in view of the fact that money due and payable to the City on or before
April loth, 1941 we have arrived at the balance of $39,027.36 which we feel is sufficient to
carry the City for the next three months.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved
and carried that Warrant No. 488 be allowed in the sum of $25,000.00 and that the Mayor and
Clerk sign the same. That this amount be sent up in a separate fund as per foregoing Resolution.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor
voting no as per his previous statement.