as sureties in the penal sum of one thousand dollars, W.H. Hawkins the newly appointed Municipal
Judge of said City with Roy. W. Martin and E.W. Griffith in the penal sum of one thousand dollars
Lee P. Barker the newly appointed Night Marshall with W.G. Morse and W.H. Pike as sureties in
the sum of one thousand dollars whereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner
Hicks and duly carried it was ordered that said bonds be and the same is hereby approved.

The Mayor then called the attention of the Board to the fact that when letting the contract
for the building of the building for the section on the cemetery ground the question of painting
the roof of said building was overlooked, whereupon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered that said building be painted but that the
cost of the same is not to exceed the sum of ten dollars, the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until its next regular meeting.

Office of City Clark Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 7th, 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board Of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell, C.P. Ball, and
O.D. Hicks. with the Clerk and City Attorney present.

At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of $50.00
be and the same is hereby transferred from the General fund of the City to the Cemetery fund of said
City.

At this time the presented to the Board the reports of officers and Claims against the
of Las Vegas Nevada, all reports approved. All claims against the City allowed as per claim
book on file with the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition signed by twenty five business



house in said City requesting that the license ordinance be repealed so far as the same concerns all lines
of business other than ordinance No. 33, governing the licenses of saloons in said City whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over
until the next meeting of the Board.

The Clerk then presented to the Board An ordinance to amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance
No. Twenty seven (27) entitled " An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas,
regulating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and Explosives." which
was read before the Board for the first time and after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried
ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading, the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board a petition from J.H. Ladd requesting to the Board to
put in three more street lights on Fremont street one at ninth street, tenth street, and eleventh
street, where upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that said
petition be and the same is hereby laid over until the next meeting of the Board.

The City Attorney then made an written report to the Board regarding the petition of M. Pollard