589

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Washington St.



BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd. day of February, 1954 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated and
executed as follows:

Deeds for street purposes on Washington Street were presented to the Board at this time
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

a)	Anthony Magrini and Elizabeth Magrini, dated October 27, 1953

b)	Lambert Van Der Meer and Malena Van Der Meer, dated November 9, 1953

c)	Clark County Dairymen, Inc. dated November 16, 1953

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder, County of Clark
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

So. Half Palomino Lane
between Rancho Rd &

Baskin St.	

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of February, 1954 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated and
executed as follows:

A deed for street purposes on the south half of Palomino Lane between Rancho Road and
Bakin Street was presented at this time for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

Adrien Kuffer, dated May 15, 1953

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark ,State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder, County of Clark
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

BEVERLY GREEN TRACT #3 Mr. Nate Mack appeared before the Board at this time requesting that he be allowed to

put up a personal Surety Bond for Federal Homes, Inc., Beverly Green Tract No. 3•

Surety Bond

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Harry Mack, Murray Wollman, Nate Mack and
Jerome D. Mack be accepted as sureties for said bond in the amount of $85,403.24

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS MOTEL OWNERS
ASS’N 

Dishonest Adv of Rates

At this time Mr. Leigh Ellsworth, representing the Las Vegas Motel Owners Ass'n,
appeared before the Board requesting legislation to stop dishonest advertising of rates.
Discussion was held on the matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this request be referred to the City Attorney for
study and recommendation.

GAMING APPLICATION
1st Qtr. 1954

Addition of Partner
Louis Nier
Derby Turf Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the gaming application for 1st Quarter 1954 addition of
partner, of Dave Stearns and Louis Nier, Derby Turf Club, 113 South 1st Street,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ELECTRICAL CODE &	Commissioner Sharp moved the City Clerk be authorized to publish the notice that the

WARM AIR HEATING CODE	Electrical Code and Warm Air Heating Code are on file.

Publication of Notice Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAWNBROKERS APPLICATION At this time the application of A. H. Whittaker for renewal of pawnbrokers license at
Renewal	A. H. Whittaker, Inc. 11 Fremont, was considered by the Board.

A. H. Whittaker, Inc

11	Fremont	Commissioner Sharp moved this application for pawnbrokers license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Dr. Martin W. Payne

V-98-53 

At this time the Board considered the variance application of Dr. Martin W. Payne to
construct and maintain a building with two doctors offices on Lots 17, 18 and south half
of Lot 19, Block 31, South Addition.

Public Hearing Set	Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that a Public Hearing be set for February 17, 1954

in order that the residents in this area may be notified of this Variance application.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING APPLICATION At this time the Board considered the application of Marion B and Rulon A. Earl to
Marion B & Rulon A. Earl reclassify the south 150 feet of the East 254.06 feet SE/4 SW1/4 Sec. 3 from R-2 to R-3
Z-79-53	zoning and the North 1100 feet of the East 254.06 feet SE1/4 SW1/4 Sec. 3 from R-l to

Denied	R-2 zoning.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that

2-3-54