Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 23rd day of January,
1937 at the hour of ten fifteen o'clock A.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Marble, City Clerk,
Attorney and Engineer.

Absent Commissioners Down, and Perry.

Mr. Wright L. Felt, acting State Director of the PWA met with the Board at this time and the
"Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3" was discussed.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause:

It is ordered that advertisement for bids upon Las Vegas Public Works Administration Street
Improvement project No. Nevada 1021-D be published in the Las Vegas evening Review Journal, in
all issues for a period of two successive weeks commencing this date. January 23rd, 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause :

IT IS ORDERED that the contract documents and plans relating to	project No. Nevada,

1021-D this date filed by the City Engineer be and the same hereby are approved and the minimum
wage scale incorporated therein is hereby established as the minimum wage scale to be paid upon
the said project.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 25th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 25th day of January, 1937.

Roll call Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Down, Marble, and Perry, City
Clerk and Attorney

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that retail beverage licenses for the year 1937 be granted to Fred Sifford, and Ted Konduras.
applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the first quarter year
license.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioners Perry it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the first quarter year be granted:

L.L. Arnett 1, E.B. Philmaier 3,

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that a gaming license	be granted to the Big Four Club for the following,	two	cards	games,	craps,

roulette, twenty-one,	chuck-a-luck keno and Faro and Wheel of fortune.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

C.J. Hammond appeared before the Board in regard to securing permit for the erection of
a sign advertising the Kings Rest Auto Court on the north west corner of Fifth and Bonneville Sts.
and sited to the Board the fact that numerous signs were on the various streets of Las Vegas and
presented the Commission with a list of the same.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it	was	moved	and	carried

that the Clerk type a	list of these violations and hand one to each Commissioner.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. Hammond was told the Board would take this application under consideration and he
would be given an answer in a few days.

Mr. Courtright of the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board in regard to
reports of the Presidents Birthday Balls given in the years 1934, 1935 and 1936. Stating that
people were anxious to know how the money retained in L.V. was spent.

The Clerk was directed to write E.W. Cragin and K.O. Knudsen and secure copies of the
reports for the past three year.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write to the fire insurance agencies in Las Vegas and ask them to participate in
a blanket fire insurance policy covering all city buildings.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.