The said officers shall use every aggressive method at their command to rapidly ac-
complish this purpose herein expressed, and the Board of City Commissioners hereby assures
the United States Bureau of Public Roads that such rights of way will be acquired without
delay.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Jas. H. Down, H.P. Marble,
and M.E.Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L. L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business to be brought before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
and adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 12th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of November 1935 at he hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Mr. Arthur Brick, part owner of the New Palace Theater again appeared before the Board
in regard to the placing of a sign across South Second Street in front of the said theater.
After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner
Down the following Preamble and Resolution was adopted:

The New Palace Theater, Inc. having made application to the Board for a revocable
permit to extend over and above and directly in front of the Palace Theater Building and
electrical neon sign and it appearing to the Board that such a revocable permit should be
granted, now therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED: That the New Palace Theater be and it is hereby granted a revocable
permit to extend an electrical neon sign over and above South Second Street in the City of
Las Vegas, immediately in front of the said Theater Building, provided, however, that said
sign shall not be closer to the surface of the street than fifteen and one-half (15½) feet,
and shall be so constructed as to avoid any and all hazard to persons or property which
may hereafter be on or about the said street and it shall be so constructed as to conform
to safety requirements of the City Building and City Electrical Inspectors. Provided further
however, that this permit is granted subject to the right of the Board of City Commissioners
to revoke the same at any time with or without cause.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A.W. Blackman, City Auditor appeared before the Board and explained to each of the Com-
missioners the condition of the funds under his control for the balance of the year 1935.

Dr. Smith, City Meat Inspector appeared before the Board in regard to the revision of
the present Ordinance of the City governing meat inspection.

He was instructed to draft the proposed amendments to said ordinance and present same
to the Board in the near future.

The City Clerk was instructed to write the Las Vegas City Band and ask that they have
a representative of their body appear before the Board and explain the operation of the band
at this time.

Mr. Stennet, who is desirous of opening a slaughter house in the City, appeared before
the Board in regard to the securing of permit from the Board for the operation of same. He
was instructed to have his buildings erected and same inspected in accordance with the City
ordinance before permission for the operation of a slaughter house would be granted him.

No motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and
carried that a letter be sent Robert A. Allen, State Highway Engineer in regard to pole
line right of way, said letter to be sent by Mayor Arnett in the following form:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Nov. 12th, 1935

Robert A. Allen,

State Highway Engineer,

Carson City, Nevada.

In Re; LAS VEGAS-BOULDER CITY
POLE LINE RIGHT OF WAY

Dear Sir;

This is with reference to the application of the City of Las Vegas for a revocable
easement to construct a pole line along the State Highway right of way between the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada and Boulder City, Nevada. The formal application for which is now in your
office.



This matter has been mentioned to you by Members of the Board of City Commissioners
and the City Attorney on different occasions and on one occasion recently the Board of Com-
missioners appeared before the Governor, the Attorney General and the State Controller with
hope in view that the Board might prevail upon the Highway Board to grant this easement. To
date, however, we have not received a definite grant or rejection.