GAMING APPLICATIONS	The following gaming applications were presented to

the Board for their consideration:

Andrew Finlay	Turf Saloon

P. C. Lavere	5th St. Mkt

Howard Crawford	Silex Coffee shop

"	"	Fremont Sand.

& Malt Shop

  "    "	Malt Shop

Richard Borders	Silex Coffee Shop

G.	Bolinder	Rib Shanty Cafe

T. E. Kirby	Lee's Lunch

W. E. Landers	Modern Food Shop

A.	Kroloff	Park Hotel

A.	Kroloff	Lido Bar

A.	kroloff	Round Up Bar

A. Kroloff	Desert Castle

D.	D. Eachus	Burlington Trail

Bus Depot

Eldon E. Lewis	Thelma & Doris's

Cafe

V. Whittlesea	Rich.Serv.Sta.

Mike Gordon	Mike's Liq. Store

Sam Taylor	Log Cabin Bar

Sam Taylor	"

Frank Lancaster	Hernandez Gro.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications
for slot machines licensed for the first quarter of 1947
be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of M. B. Abrams

GOLDEN NUGGET	for one "Low Ball" Poker Game at the Golden Nugget, 2nd & Fremont

be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT 	Commissioner Bates moved that the purchasing procedure be

Purchase of Transit	waived for the purchase of a survey transit and extension

tripod f.o.b. Las Vegas, in the sum of $570.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the	

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE	Commissioner Bates moved that Zone Exception Case No. 24

No. 24	relative to lots 1 & 2, Black 2 H.S.M. & N. addition be

H.	W. Garrett		approved as per the recommendations of the Joint-Planning

Commission, dated January 21, 1947, which is as follows
to-wit:

January 21
19	4 7

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case 24, Harry W. Garrett

1000 "E" Street, Lots 1 and 2, Block 2,

H. F. M. & N. Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that you Honorable Board adopt and
order approving the recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission that the above	

petitioner be granted permission to use the lots indicated at the above address
for expansion of an existing use as outlined herewith. These lots are located
located in Residential Zone r, as legally described in the petition for exception,
a copy of which is on file in the Office of the Planning Commission.

It is further recommended that your order include the following provisions.

1.	The use petitioned for (Public garage) which use in-
cludes automobile repairing provided all operations	

are conducted wholly within a completely enclosed

building, but not including automobile body and fender
repairing or other operations that may be detrimental
to the general welfare of the residential neighborhood
adjacent thereto.

2.	That the building to be constructed be of building
code types 1, 2 or 3, to comply with other requirements
for Fire Zone 2 and the National Board of Fire Under-
writers requirements pert&ining to such occupancy.

3.	That any permits or licenses to operate such business
be issued under the same conditions as effects similar
businesses in other commercial districts in the City
of Las Vegas.

It is further recommended that in granting this zone exception, that
recognition can ultimately be made of similarly zoning the remaining three corners