On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the City of Las Vegas accept the bid of the Union Oil Company for the purchase of Bitumuls
increasing the amount from 6,000 gals to 10,000 gals. That the same be heated and shipped in insulated
cars. This bid being of November 16th, 1940.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
the hid of the Tower Service for the purchase of four tires at $94 08 and the purchase of four tubes
$12 08 be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved ana carried
that the bid of the B & M Mfg. Co for the purchase of a siren for fire truck be accepted. Bid
$52.00.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioners Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Richfiled oil Co. for the purchase of 10,000 gals for Sc2 road oil be accept
ed. Price $395 00 .

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Ed Von Tobel Lumber Co for the purchase of 300 paper bags of cement be ac-
cepted. Price 70¢ per sack.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Commissioner Krause moved and Commissioner Corradetti seconded the motion that the City pur-
chase the Baldwin Grand Piano (Concert size) now in the War Memorial Bldg; from the Garehime Music
Co. Price $1,083.00.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Bids for the purchase of gasoline requirements for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1941
were opened at this time and same were referred to Le Roy Whipple for tabulation to be presented to
the Board for consideration at the next meeting.

Bids for the purchase of 1000 feet of lire hose were opened and same referred to Le Roy Whipple
Purchasing Clerk for tabulation and report to the Board.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the acquisition
of a Municipal Air Port by taking over the present airport of Western Air Express Corporation, pur-
suant to a Proclamation of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, made and issued on
the 12th day of November, A.D. 1940, and published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal on
November 12th, 1940, November 19th, 1940 and November 26th, 1940," was read to the Board for a first
time and adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly news-
paper printed and published in Las Vegas. This ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 256 of the
City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded
by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until the 16th day of
December, 1940 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

There upon said meeting recessed until Monday the 16th day of December, 1940 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To— Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Monday, Dec-
ember 9th, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. on sain day to consider and act upon the follow-
ing:

1. To such rules and regulations as many be necessary for the prevention suppression and control
of any contagious or infectious disease, dangerous to public health in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

Dated this 9th day of December, 1940.

John L. Russell,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada