BID NO. 53.26
Trash Cans

BID NO. 53.27
Fire Truck

WASHINGTON STREET
RIGHT OF WAY

RANDLES CAFE
Beer License
Revoked



SHERWOOD PARK
Sewer Service

The City Manager advised the Board that the lowest bidder to meet the specifications of Bid No.
53.26 for the furnishing of trash cans to the City was the Best Maintenance in the total amount
of $1220.28.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Bid No. 53.26
be awarded to Best Maintenance Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

At this time Mayor Baker arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that all Bid Nos. 53.27 for the furnishing of a Fire Truck to the City
be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on the Washington Street right of way east from North Main Street. The City
Manager was instructed to contact Mr. Clark and request him not to build until this matter is
settled.

At this time Mr. Harry Claiborne, representing Mrs. Amy Randle owner of Randles Cafe, 1329
North E Street appeared before the Board to show cause why her Restaurant Beverage License should
not be revoked.

Mr. Claiborne requested to know what charges had been brought against Mrs. Randle. The Clerk
read the report of the Police Department on several investigations. Officers Moody and Windom
also spoke on this matter.

Mr. Claiborne asked that Mrs. Randle be given an opportunity to show that she could operate
this business without any trouble.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the Restaurant Beverage license issued to Amy Randle,

Randle’s Cafe, 1329 North E Street be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker suggested that the Fire Department give written notice to Mrs. Randle
to remove the gas tank at this location and correct any deficiencies insofar as the Fire
Code is concerned.

At this time the proposed agreement for sewer service to Sherwood Park was discussed.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute the agreement
between the City, County and Sherwood Park providing the termination date be December 1, 1954,
that a provision is had whereby the Company agrees to disconnect and damages may be assessed
against property if they fail to do so, and in the event property is sold by the Company it be
sold subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement; upon the further condition that
the rental rate be $3.50 per duplex unit per month and in the event of expansion the City shall
be allowed to increase the rates not in excess of 200% of rates provided for in this agreement
and that the property to be served is limited to approximately forty acres owned by Sherwood
Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

8-10-53

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 17, 1953

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is
hereby called to be held in the Mayor’s Office of the City Hall, on the 17th day of August,
1953 at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Readvertising for bids for the Fire Truck

2.	Report on the reorganization of the Engineering Department

s/ C. D. Baker
Mayor

8-10-53 & 8-17-53