OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 13th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 13th day of September, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners LeRoy Neagle, O. J. Smith,
together with City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Moved by Commissioner Neagle that the Street Commissioner be, and he hereby is
authorized to negotiate a contract of employment with an engineer in connection with
improvements to be made under Ordinance No. 131; said contract to be submitted to this
Board for its approval before consummation, the compensation for said engineer not to
exceed 8% of the cost of said improvements. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and passed upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith and Neagle and his Honor
the Mayor Hesse, aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing, a recess was declared, upon motion duly carried,
until Tuesday the 18th day of September 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 18th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 18th day of September, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Commissioners O. J, Smith and LeRoy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A draft of the proposed agreement between City of Las Vegas and A. P. Slocum,
employing him as engineer in connection with Street Improvement under Ordinance No. 131
was presented and read to the meeting. A discussion of said contract was then had;
Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Neagle, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was
resolved that the form of contract as presented and read to the meeting employing
A. P. Slocum as engineer in connection with the street improvements under Ordinance
No. 131, at a basic rate of 8% of the cost of said improvements, as defined and
specified in said agreement, be, and the same is, hereby approved, and the Commissioner
of Streets and Public Property, O. J. Smith be, and is hereby authorized and directed
to execute said contract in duplicate on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and deliver
same, upon the execution thereof, the said A. P. Slocum. The vote on said
resolution was as follows: His Honor the Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Neagle,
aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the notice
calling for bids on the $12,000.00 Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improve-
ment Bonds, Series A, be published in the Las Vegas "REVIEW" once a week for four
consecutive weeks, and that a copy of such notice shall, at least three weeks prior
to the 17th day of October 1928, be mailed by the Clerk of this Board to the State
Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly carried, that a
recess be declared until Wednesday, September 19th, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.