Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deeds secured for East Charles-
ton Boulevard improvement from 15th Street to the intersection at Fremont
Street, known as Assessment District No. 100-35.

The first deeds presented are a ten (10') foot dedication for street pur-
poses on the north side of East Charleston from the Fremont intersection
westerly to and within the acreage parcels lying easterly of the Lawrence
Love Tract Subdivision, from the following:

1.	Louis and Tui Wiener

2.	Carpenters & Joiners United Brotherhood Local #1780

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the 15th day of April, 1957, executed by Louis Wiener,
Jr. and Tui Wiener, husband and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and the deed dated the 26th day of April, 1957,
executed by Carpenters & Joiners United Brotherhood Local #1780 to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.



The second group of ten deeds are for an alley in the Lawrence Love Tract,
from the following:

1.	Vera Love (2 deeds)

2.	Genova L. Robinson

3.	Toy R. Gregory

4.	Charles E. and Alice L. Sherman

5.	King J. and Marjorie E. Moore

6.	Ray W. and Myrtle Burt Hyland

7.	Virginia A. Erickson

8.	E. H. and Fredrickia D. Burnett

9.	D. Tecumseh McCall and W. L. Zeiger

10.	Olive Boone

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deeds dated the 10th day of April, 1957 (2 deeds) executed by
Vera Love; the deed dated the 9th day of May, 1956, executed by Genova L.
Robinson; the deed dated the 16th day of April, 1957, executed by Toy R.
Gregory; the deed dated the 22nd day of April, 1957, executed by Charles
E. Sherman and Alice L. Sherman; the deed dated the 2nd day of May, 1957,
executed by King J. Moore and Marjorie E. Moore; the deed dated the 31st
day of May, 1957, executed by Ray W. Hyland and Myrtle Burt Hyland; the
deed dated the 31st day of May, 1957, executed by Virginia A. Ericksen;
the deed dated the 26th day of April, 1957, executed by E. H. Burnett
and Fredrickia D. Burnett; the deed dated the 13th day of June, 1957,
executed by D. Tecumseh McCall and Wayne L. Zeiger; and the deed dated
the 6th day of September, 1957, executed by Olive Boone to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of an
alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

* * * *

Next the Commission considered three deeds for a 20' alley in Block 10
of Mayfair Tract No. 2, from the following:

1. W. M. and Anna Luella Clark
	2. Harley and Evelyn King

3.	Elda Clark Crane

EAST CHARLESTON BLVD.

IMPROVEMENT
Quitclaim Deeds

Assessment District
No. 100-35