Las Vegas, Nevada
January 22, 1958

held this 22nd day of January, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, 
was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the 
following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

USE PERMIT - U-16-57                The Commission considered the application of Palm Mortuary, doing business as

Palm Mortuary	Desert Lawn, Inc. for a use permit to erect a mausoleum at the rear of Palm 

	Mortuary, 1325 North Main Street.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this use permit.

None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for use permit be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 22nd day of January, 1958 having considered the 
application of Palm Mortuary doing business as Desert Lawn, Inc. for a use permit to
erect a mausoleum at the rear of Palm Mortuary at 1325 North Main Street in a C-2
zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
mausoleums be established as a permitted use in C-2 zones on basis of a use 
permit and that provisions of C-2 use regulations of zoning ordinance having been
amended to specifically provide for such action;

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Palm Mortuary for use
permit to erect a mausoleum at 1325 North Main Street be approved subject to the
installation of a six foot block wall on the north and south sides of the property
and a temporary fence on the east side to be extended as the development is 
completed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PARKING MEIERS	Consideration was given to the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking 

Bridger	Commission that one-hour parking meters be installed on the south side of Bridger 

ONE-HOUR PARKING	between 4th and 5th Streets, and that one-hour parking signs be posted on the east

South 4th	side of South 4th Street between Bridger and Lewis.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Ordinance No. 710 permits the installation of parking meters on
the streets and parts of streets hereinafter named after approval of such 
installation by the Traffic and Parking Commission of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the Traffic and Parking Commission approved such placement at a
regular meeting thereof held on the 16th day of January, 1958,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas that parking meters be installed upon the following street and part
of street; to-wit:

On the south side of Bridger Avenue between
Fourth and Fifth Streets with the exception
of the bus loading zone.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a one-hour parking limit be established on the
following street and part of street; to-wit:

On the east side of South Fourth Street
between Bridger Avenue and Lewis Avenue.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the various departments of the City be and they
hereby are instructed to make the necessary installations.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 22nd day of January, 1958

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PARKING METERS

Oakey Boulevard	Planning Director Bills presented the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking

	Commission that two-hour parking meters be installed on the north side of Oakey

Boulevard between 5th and Main Streets. Mr. Bills advised the Board that 
petitions have been received from the business men in this area requesting the 
installation of these meters.

1-22-58