HOYT BENCH CONTRACT
Additional Benches Authorized

POLICE DEPARTMENT
AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM

Request to go to hid

Approved

TEMPLE BETH SHOLOM
Purchase of Section M, Woodlawn
Cemetery
Held in Abeyance

BID #60.01

Interceptor Sewers - Cedar Ave.
& San Francisco, between L. V.
Blvd. S. & Rancho Drive

Award

GENERAL FUND BALANCE

NATIONAL RIVERS & HARBORS
CONGRESS

Attendance Approved

YOUTH FORESTRY CAMP
Appropriation Approved

PURCHASE ORDER

Parts and Equipment for Shovel
Approved

LIQUOR LICENSE - SPECIAL EVENT
Forward Corp.

Approved

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to write a letter to
Mr. C. Norman Cornwall, advising him of the location of additional
bus stops and requesting that additional benches be installed.

Commissioner Fountain moved City Manager Kennedy be authorized to
write such letter and that such letter contain a provision that
additional benches shall be of identical design to those presently
in use.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Department of Public Works be permitted
to go to bid for the Police Department Air Conditioning System on a
three year lease-purchase arrangement, as recommended by the City
Manager, and the City Attorney be instructed to approve the lease-
purchase agreement prior to its execution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy stated it was desired to hold the request of
Temple Beth Sholom to purchase Section M of Woodlawn Cemetery in
abeyance, pending a meeting between Administrative Assistant Robert
D. Heath and Mr. Jack Entratter.

Commissioner Fountain moved Bid #60.01 be awarded to J. A. Tiberti
Construction Co. in the amount of $86,965.00, as recommended by the
Engineering Department and the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the General Fund Balance as of February
15, 1960, was $1,009,309.73; Estimated Gross Payroll was $117,000.00;
Sewer Fund, $1,369.12; Working Capital (January), $1,285.66; Special
Assessment Fund, $4,771.80, making a total capital disbursement for
this period of $45,383.99, representing an actual outlay of $9,000.00,
the balance being transfers.

City Manager Kennedy presented a letter requesting that the Mayor and
the Commission delegate a representative to attend the 47th Annual
National Convention of the Rivers & Harbors Congress, to be held
May 24 to 27, 1960, at the Mayflower Hotel, Washington, D. C. Mr.
Kennedy pointed out the importance of someone attending this meeting,
in view of the fact that Las Vegas flood control would be discussed
and would be in the Omnibus Bill, if approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the naming of a delegate be held in
abeyance, but that authorization be given the City Manager to make the
necessary reservations for a delegate to attend the National Rivers &
Harbors Congress.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Judge Zenoff, requesting
the City appropriate $15,000.00 for capital expenditures for the
Youth Forestry Camp, a similar sum being contributed by the County.

Commissioner Fountain moved City Manager Kennedy be authorized to
include the sum of $15,000.00 in next year's budget, to be contributed
to the Youth Forestry Camp.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager that
a Purchase Order be issued in the sum of $1,752.00, for parts and
equipment for the Shovel be approved, and the City Manager authorized
to issue the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Forward Corp., for a
Special Events Liquor License, for February 17, 1960, at the Labor
Union Building, 212 W. Utah, be approved, and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-17-60