Mr. Garcia appeared before the Board and explained that the twenty year old who was
served beer in his establishment had previously shown identification indicating
that he was twenty-one. Mr. Garcia stated that the minor had shown him a draft
card and Air Force identification under a different name than when he was picked
up. Mr. Garcia advised that it was his sister-in-law who had served the airman,
and she was instructed by the Police Department to chose the cafe immediately,
which she did. He continued that Sgt. Compton had contacted him on the follow-
ing Monday and given him instructions to have his employees registered, at which
time he was told that the cook would not have to be registered if he did not
serve the customers. Mr. Garcia explained that the cook was the only employee
left in his restaurant while the others went to register at the Police Depart-
ment, and during that time one of the customers asked for a bottle of beer with
his meal and was served.

The Commission asked Mr. Garcia if he was employed, and he stated that he worked
from 4:00 P.M. until 12:00 midnight at Nellis Air Base.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Garcia if he recalled the incident 60 to 90 days
ago when he called the Police Department at night to remove two small girls from
his cafe, and that he had personally been notified that there were to be no mi-
nors allowed unescorted in his establishment.

Mr. Garcia was questioned about the sign over his cafe that states "Bonanza Bar",
and advised it should be removed. Mr. Garcia stated that the sign belonged to Mr.
Ray Salmon and he had asked him to take it down.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Restaurant Beverage license of Manuel Garcia
at the El Charro Cafe, 4l6 West Bonanza be suspended for thirty days and Mr. Garcia
advised to familiarize himself with the rules and regulations of the liquor ordi-
nances and the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the appeal filed by Betsy Gray of the denial of her ap-
plication for a variance to operate a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston, in
an R-E zone.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on the appeal of the denial of the
Variance for a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston be held November 6, 1957 at
the hour of 8:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the request of the First Church of Christ, Scientist
for an extension of time on their variance approved November 2, 1955; to build
an addition to their church to the rear property line and to within five (5) feet
of the side property line on Lots 29 and 30, Block 6, Wardie Addition (630 Bridger
Street).

Commissioner Bunker moved the First Church of Christ, Scientist be granted an ex-
tension of six (6) months until April 16, 1958 on Variance V-37-55.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commis-
sion on the petition for the vacation of a portion of North A Street, being the
half block northerly from the intersection of North "A" Street and Bonanza Road.
Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Planning Commission recommends
that this portion of North "A" Street be vacated.

Commissioner Bunker moved a public hearing on the petition for the vacation of a
portion of North "A" Street be held on November 20, 1957 at the hour of 8:00 P.M.,
and the notice of said hearing posted as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the property owners who have not installed side-
walks on 5th Street between McWilliams Avenue and the intersection of South Main
Street are being personally contacted relative to why they have not constructed
sidewalks in front of their property. Mr. Kennedy requested that this matter ;be
continued until the next regular meeting on November 6, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 57.37 for the construction of restrooms at
Lions Club Park be awarded to the low bidder, P & C Construction Co. in the total
amount of $4,$73.00 as recommended by the Engineering Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission was advised that plans, specifications and estimates of cost for the
installation of curbs, gutters and the paving of East Charleston from 15th Street
to Fremont Street and the paving of the alleys in locations where alleys have been
dedicated have been filed with the City Clerk.

The City Attorney advised the Commission he is awaiting an opinion,from the Bond-
ing Attorneys relative to the inclusion of the improvement of alleys in this dis-
trict. Thereafter further action was continued pending the receipt of this infor-
mation.

The Commission considered the deed from T. Gay and Agnes Myers, and Byron O. and

Luella O. Thornton for a thirty foot right-of-way on North 4th Street lying north
and south of Adams Avenue.

VARIANCE - V-ll-57
Appeal

Public Hearing Set

VARIANCE - V-37-55
Christian Science
Church

Extension of Time

PETITION FOR
VACATION OF
NORTH "A" STREET

Public Hearing Set

SIDEWALK INSTALLA-
TION

5th Street

BID NO. 57.37
Lions Club Park
Restroom

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-35

Plans & Estimates of
Cost Filed

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPT-
ING R/W DEEDS
North 4th Street