Commissioner Fountain moved the application of James P. Long for 60% interest in the
gaming & liquor licenses of the California Club, 101 Fremont Street, be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before this meeting at the hour of 9:45
A.M., Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 2, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 2nd day of July, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Director of Public Works	R.P. Sauer

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Ab sent:	Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

PROPOSED STREET NAME	Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that this was the time heretofore set for the

CHANGE	Public Hearing on the request of the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce Highway 

5th & Main Streets to		Committee to change the street names of 5th Street and Main Street as follows:

Las Vegas Blvd

FIFTH STREET

Public Hearing

a)	From San Francisco to St. Louis, to be changed to Las Vegas Boulevard South.

b)	From St. Louis to Fremont, to be changed to Las Vegas Boulevard Southeast.

c)	From Fremont to North City Limits, to be changed to Las Vegas Boulevard Northeast.

MAIN STREET

a)	From South Fifth Street intersection to Fremont, to be changed to Las Vegas
Boulevard Southwest.

b)	From Fremont to North City Limits, to be changed to Las Vegas Boulevard Northwest.

Planning Director Bills stated that speaking for the Planning Commission, it is
felt that this is not a planning matter. Mr. Bills explained that it was 
presented to the Planning Commission, and hearings were held, and the recommendation
made to the City Commission was the proposal finally submitted by the Chamber of
Commerce.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that he knew there were a number of people present
who wished to speak on this matter, and asked that those who are in favor of the
proposed change speak first, and those who are protesting speak after.

Mr. Henry Bridgeman, Chairman of the Highway Committee of the Chamber of Commerce
was the first to speak in favor of this change. Mr. Bridgeman explained the 
background for the reason for requesting this change, enumerated the numerous 
meetings held with the respective Planning Commissions and Commissions of Clark County,
North Las Vegas and Las Vegas. Mr. Bridgeman further stated that the original
request was that the change be made only on Fifth Street, designating the street
Las Vegas Boulevard North and Las Vegas Boulevard South, using Fremont Street as
the intersection point. He advised that subsequent to this original 
determination, a number of the businessmen on Main Street had requested that Main Street
also be changed to Las Vegas Boulevard, which resulted in the compromise 
resolution that is being considered by the Board of Commissioners at this meeting.

At the hour of 7:40 P.M. City Attorney Cannon arrived at the meeting.

6-30-58	7-2-58