and reported to said Board, it shall be filed in. the office of the City Clerk and num-
bered.

Section 8. That before said assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by
said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with
the City Clerk on or before Monday, the 26th day of May. 1952, at 7:30 o'clock P.M..
at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby fixed as the time and
place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-officio City Assessor
will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to re-
view said assessment.

Section 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City
Clerk, she shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Asses-
sor will meet to review the assessments once a week for two successive weeks in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, in
the manner prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended.

Section 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as
aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and
then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any objection to
said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby,
and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment
or description of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as
reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-of-
ficio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment, in which case
the assessment shall be made anew.

Section 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed,,the City
Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which
shal1 be in substantially in the manner prescribed by the Charter of said City.

Section 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as
herein provided it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon
deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, the Assessment Roll
as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such confirmation,
and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, shall
thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and
append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, whereupon from said date
all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and
it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all
proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and
Assessment Roll.

Section 13. That all special assessments assessed as aforesaid, shall from
the date of confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots
or parcels of land assessed. The special assessments thereafter shall be and remain
a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until paid.

Section 14. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of
the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-
officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within one week after said spe-
cial assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand;
provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the
owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay
the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of one week shall be con-
clusively considered and held an election on the part of all persons interested, whe-
ther under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such elec-
tion to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of
said Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of prin-
cipal, the first of which Installments of principal shall be due and payable on or be-
fore the 1st day of June. 1953, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and
payable successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full,
with interest In. all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal from the
1st day of June, 1952, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special
assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to ex-
ceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio
City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the said
1st day of June. 1953. and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being
due and payable on the 1st day of June in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any in-
stallment, Whether of principal or Interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the un-
paid principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the un-
paid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter draw interest at the rate of ten
per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the
sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at
ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to
the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not
been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or pay-
ment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing
thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax
roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County
Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is here-
by authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to
extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the
County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Col-
lector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same,
al] in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are col-
lected, except as herein specifically provided.

Section 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when
collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assess-
ment District No. 100-16 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all
times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of
the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized,
sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said
improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which
said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds
and the interest thereon is fully paid.