WATER SERVICE
Rancho High School

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Andrew & Kathryn Bruner
Denied

v-33-54

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Patrick P. Boyle
Approved
V-40-54



TENTATIVE MAP
Dawson Park
Held in Abeyance

NOW, THEREFORE it is the decision of this Board that the application of Shady Acres
Trailer Park for a Use Permit to allow the redevelopment of the trailer park at 1001
North Main be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustments,
and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker:	Commissioner Jarrett informed the Commission that he writes insurance

for this applicant.

At this time members of the Las Vegas School Board were present to discuss the problem
of obtaining water service to the new Rancho High School. Mr. Guild Gray was
spokesman for the group and requested that the Commission assist the School Board in
any way possible. Mr. Gray explained that the School will have to install approximately
3400 feet of water line to serve the new school, and as far as the school is concerned
an 8 inch line will be sufficient to serve their purposes. Mr. Gray further indicated
that with the over-all development of the City that undoubtedly a larger water line would
be required in this area within the very near future.

Considerable discussion was held and the Commission informed the School Board that a
meeting is to be held on August 24, 1954, with the Las Vegas Valley Water District and
undoubtedly this problem could be given consideration. The Commission assured the
School Board of the cooperation of the City in this regard.

The Board considered the application of Andrew and Kathryn Bruner for a variance
to construct an additional room and three additional rental units in addition to
two which exist on Lots 19 and 20, Block 20, Las Vegas Original Townsite. The
variance was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted,
and this application for a variance denied; and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the application of
Andrew and Kathryn Bruner for a variance to construct an additional room and three
additional units in addition to two which exist on Lots 19 and 20, Block 20, Las Vegas
Original Townsite; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Andrew and
Kathryn Bruner for a variance to construct an additional room and three additional
units in addition to two which exist on Lots 19 and 20, Block 20, Las Vegas Original
Townsite, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

 At this time the Board considered the application of Patrick P. Boyle to construct
a duplex dwelling in addition to an existing duplex on Lot 16, Block 11, Ladd's
Addition, known as 230 South 14th Street, in an R-2 zone. The Board of Adjustment
recommended that this application be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the
application of Patrick P. Boyle to construct a duplex dwelling in addition to an
existing duplex on Lot 16, Block 11 Ladd's Addition, known as 230 South 14th Street,
in an R-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment recommending approval
of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Patrick P.

Boyle for a variance to construct a duplex dwelling in addition to an existing
duplex on Lot 16, Block 11, Ladd's Addition, known as 230 South 14th Street in
an R-2 zone be and the same is hereby approved and the inspection departments are
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Discussion was held on the tentative map of Dawson Park which was approved by the
Planning Commission subject to the following conditions:

1.	Extension of St. Louis Avenue to the Boulder Highway

2.	Conformity of east-west street names with the names of streets in subdivisions
west of this tract.

3. The dedication of a 20 foot alley along the easterly side of Blocks 3 and 4
of this subdivision.

4. That the sewage plans be approved by the Public Works Department.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the tentative map of Dawson Park be held in
abeyance and the subdivider be instructed to contact the City Engineer relative to
the sewage disposal problem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

8-18-54