OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on Saturday the 4th day of April at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, Mayor Arnett,
City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the Office of the Clerk.

Reports approved.

Chief of Police Mackey appeared before the Board in regard to the securing of a new
motorcycle to be used for traffic duty.

Jack Price appeared before the Board in regard to the V.F.W. being allowed to sponsor a
carnival in City and no license fee being exacted from the Company. He was informed that the
Board would take the matter under consideration and a decision would be handed him in the
next few days.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that the City Clerk forward a letter to the Interstate Commerce Commission in Washington
urging that Commission to look with favor upon the application of the Transcontinental
Western Air Line's application for a route through the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted for the second quarter year, April
1st to June 30th, 1936.

Art Schreiber 10 licenses, A.F.Smith Jr. 1, and Lehman's Cafe 2.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor vot-
ing aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that Paul Jones be granted a retail beverage license at Lehman's cafe.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The business of starting the improvements on the ground purchased by the City to be used
as a "municipal airport" was brought before the Board for consideration. C.D.Baker City
Engineer presented to the Board proposals for the grading and leveling of two 5,000 feet

runways.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Mayor enter into a contract for the leveling and grading of the runways at
the cost of approximately $1,500.00

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none, Commissioner Ward being excused before the motion was introduced.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 8th day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 8th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the
8th day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down add Farnsworth,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Marble and Ward.

Mrs. McGovern appeared before the Board in regard to the resignation of Mrs. Mundy, as
Secretary of the Cemetery Board.

After some discussion on the matter it was thought that in all probability that Mrs. Mundy
might reconsider her resignation and no definite action was taken.

Commissioner Down reported that he had been over the water situation in the City in
connection with the letter received from the Las Vegas Land and Water Company requesting the
passing of an emergency ordinance governing the using of water through the summer months.,
and in his opinion the passing of such an ordinance was not beyond reason. No definite action
was taken at this time however.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved end
carried that all slot machine licenses presented to the Board at this time be granted.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 15th day of April 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.