OFFICE OF THE. CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 28th, 1931.

a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 28th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Monday
the 30th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, City Of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

March 30th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 30th day of March 1931. at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas German Hansell and Smith to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the Board took up the matter of removing the "Welcoming Arch
across Fremont Street at Main Street as said arch was becoming a menace to the public.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner German the
following Resolution was duly passed:

Resolved, That the Commissioner of Streets and Public Places be and he
is hereby authorized to have taken down the arch across Fremont Street at its inter-
section with Main Street on such terms as he may deem advisable,

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German,

Hansell, Thomas and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of the passing of a new gam-
ing Ordinance and discussed the various ways in which the licenses might be granted.

After some discussion upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell
it was moved that the Board not grant gaming licenses unless the full Board was present
and said motion would have the full vote of the Board. The vote on said motion was as
follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell voting Aye. Commissioners German, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting NO.

At this time the matter of passing a gaming ordinance was brought before
the Board for its consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded By Commissioner Thomas the
following Resolution was passed and duly adopted:

Resolved, That an Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and op
operation of slot machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor,
repealing Ordinances Nos. 77, 82, 88, 103, and 115 and all ordinances and parts of ordinances
in conflict therewith," be passed at this meeting as an emergency ordinance deeming that an
emergency exists for the collection of fees hereunder for the benefit of the City.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German,
Hansell, and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioners
German it was moved that an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation
of slot machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regul-
ating the same, fixing the amount of such licenses, providing a penalty therefor, repealing
Ordinances Nos. 77, 82, 88, 103, and 115, and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in con-
flict therewith, " be read for the first and second times at this meeting and passed as
an emergency ordinance.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, Thomas,
and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the above mentioned Ordinance was read for a first and second
time, and passed as an emergency ordinance by the following vote, Commissioners Thomas, Smith,
German, and Hansell voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance published in the Las Vegas
Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, for three issues,
one week, and that said Ordinance be in full force and effect from and after its complete
publication.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting

adjourned.