The Clerk further reported that he had notified G.A. Case of his appointment as registration

for the special Bond election of the said City of Las Vegas, and presented the following statement

as proof to that effect, together with his oath of Office. Las Vegas, Nevada, September 9th, 1911.

Your are hereby notified and appointed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
for he purpose of registering the voters of said City for the special sewerage Bond election to
be held October 10th, 1911, to vote upon the question of constructing a bonded indebtedness for a
sewerage system in said City.

Given under my hand and seal of the City this 8th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada
County of Clark ) ss.

I,	G.A. Case, the duly appointed registering agent for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
do solemnly swear that I will perform all the duties of registering agent in and for the City of
Las Vegas, according to law and the best of my ability, and that in the discharge of my duties
as such registering agent , I will honestly endeavor to prevent fraud, deceit, or any other manner
or abuse of elective franchise, So Help me God.	G.A. Case.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon , City Clerk.

The Clerk further reported that per an acting of the Board taken at a special meeting called for that
purpose , to rescind a part of the minutes relative to the appointment of a register gent for said
election that he has given the following notice to H.M. Lillis, and the Clerk of said election
per the following ordinance passed and adopted by the said at said meting held September 29th, 1911.

You are hereby notified that you are appointed by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to act as register agent for the City of Las Vegas, for
a special Bond election to be held October 10th, 1911. per an resolution adopted by said Board
as follows towit:- " Whereas , at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, held on the 6th, day of September, 1911, at Las Vegas,
Nevada at the Counsel room of said Board, an ordinance was duly passed by said Board authorizing
the calling of an election to be held in the City of Las Vegas on the 10th day of October, 1911.
for the purpose of submitting to the qualified electors of said City the question as to whether
or not a bond issue in the sum of Forty thousand dollars should be made by said Board of City Commissioners

 for the purpose of installing a sewerage system for said City, and in and by said
ordinance it was provided that notice of said election should be given by publication and posting
as by statute provided, and Whereas, it was in and by said ordinance, among other things, in
Paragraph #6, therefore provided that the Municipal Judge of the City of Las vegas should forthwith
open registration books for the purpose of registering for said election all electors competent
and qualified to vote thereat, and to conduct such registration in the manner provided by law
for registration for municipal elections, and Whereas, it appears to this Board that said ordinance
has been duly advertised as by law provided, and Notice of said election has been given by publication

and posting as by law provided, and Whereas, it further appears that the Municipal Judge, of
the City of Las Vegas in pursuance of said ordinance and the powers therein granted did proceed
to open registration books and conduct registration of electors in conformity therewith up to and
including the 25th, day of September 1911, and Whereas it further appears to this Board that on
the said 25th day of September, 1911, it was ordered, adjudged and decreed by the District Court

of the Fourth Judicial District of the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark, in and
action therein pending entitled, The State of Nevada exlrel. H.M. Lillis, relator vs G.A. Case as
Municipal Judge had no power, right or authority to conduct the aforesaid registration or any
registration in and for the City of Las vegas or township of Las vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and

declaring that H.M. Lillis, the relator therein was and is the sole and only qualified registry