418

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

USE PERMIT
Baptist Church

U-47-53

The application of the Baptist Church to construct a church on the northeast
corner of Shadow and the intersection with Pinto Lane, Was considered by the
Board at this time. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that
this application be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 18th day of June, 1953, the Baptist Church filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for Use Permit to construct and maintain a
church in a portion of the S½ W½ S½ NW¼ SW¼ Sec. 33, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB &M, located
on the northeast corner of Shadow Street and its intersection with the extension of
Pinto Lane on a lot which is 135 feet by 257 feet; and

WHEREAS, on June 25, 1953 * the Regional Planning Commission held a Public
Hearing on this application for Use Permit; and

WHEREAS, on June 25, 1953* the Regional Planning Commission voted to recommand
that this application be approved as they felt that there is adequate space to
provide for off street parking, the plans of the church show it to be an attractive
structure and they did not feel that a church in this location would be detrimental
to the property values in this area; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on July 1,
1953, recommending that such Use Permit be approved.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of the Baptist Church to construct and maintain a
church in a portion of the S½ W½ S½ NW¼ SW¼ Sec. 33, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M, located
on the northeast comer of Shadow Street and its intersection with the extenstion of
Pinto Lane on a lot which is 135 feet by 257 feet be accepted, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

REZONING - Public
Hearing Set - Lots 6-10
Blk. 22, Blk. 13 21 &22
of the Wardie Addition

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the application of the Southern
Nevada Power Company to rezone Lots 6 to 10 inclusive of Block 22 of the
resubdivision of Block 13 and portions of Blocks 21 and 22 all in the Wardie
Addition from R-3 to C-1 be set for July 29, 1953, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett* Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CHILD WELFARE BOARD At this time the Commission discussed the request of the Child Welfare Board
Proposed Amendment to Rulesto amend certain portions of the rules and regulations.
and Regulations

	Mrs. Snodgrass operator of the Cinderella Nursery was present and was assured

that she would be apprised of the proposed change in this ordinance before
the same went into effect.

CIVIL SERVICE TRUSTEES
Appointment of Member

Commissioner Sharp moved that Dr. Richard Laub be reappointed as a member of
the Civil Service Board of Trustees, said appointment to be for a period of
four years from this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

His Honor announced that Mr. H.E. DeVilliers had submitted a letter to the
Council stating that he would be unable to accept reappointment as a member
of the Civil Service Trustees when his term expires on July 1, 1953.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that a letter of appreciation be sent
to Mr. DeVilliers for his service, on behalf of the City and the following
resolution made a part of the Minutes of the Board of Commissioners:

 WHEREAS, H.E. DE VILLIERS has faithfully and untiringly served the City
of Las Vegas for the past two years as a member of the Civil Service Board of
Trustees, serving without compensation; and

WHEREAS, H.E. DE VILLIERS, ever mindful of the welfare and necessities
of the employees of the City of Las Vegas, through his efforts and diligence
has been instrumental in carrying out may worthwhile reforms in Civil Service
procedures within the City of Las Vegas which has insured the progress and
development of Civil Service; and

WHEREAS, H.E. DEVILLIERS' term as a member of the Civil Service Board
of Trustees of the City of Las Vegas had expired; and

WHEREAS, the said H.E. DEVILLIERS has expressed a: desire hot to be
reappointed to his said position,

7-1-53