BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 20th day of
July, 1956, executed by Will Ed. Harris and Jack Reily Harris, husband and wife to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

City Engineer Wade presented a petition for the release from the boundaries of Clark
County and the limits of Winchester Townsite, for the purpose of annexation to the City,
the proposed site for the new fire station, described as follows:

The E 130' of the W 200' of the NW¼ of the NW¼
of Section 6,. T21S, R61E, MDBSM.

Mr. Wade explained that this petition for release should be presented to the Clark County
Commissioners for release of this property, and recommended that the Mayor be authorized
to sign said petition.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this petition be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Assistant City Attorney John Spann presented a resolution to assess the cost of the instal-
lation of sidewalks against Lots 1 through 8 inclusive, Block 1, Biltmore Annex No. 3.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on May 18, 1955, directed
proceedings to be commenced to install sidewalks where needed in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the City Manager of the City of Las Vegas notified the property owner
hereinafter described of the necessity of installing sidewalks in the manner provided by
Chapter 32, Section 63, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949; and

WHEREAS, after notification by the City Manager to do so, the property owner failed
to make the requested installation within thirty (30) days whereupon the City Manager
reported such failure to the Board of Commissioners as provided by Chapter 32, Section 64,

Code of Las Vegas? Nevada, 1949; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas decided that the instal-
lation of new sidewalks should be made by the City and the expenses thereof charged against
the abutting and adjoining property, and the City Engineer was instructed to proceed with
such work as provided by Chapter 32, Section 65, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949; and

WHEREAS, the expense and cost of such work performed by the City has been determined
by sworn statements filed with the Board of Commissioners describing the location thereof; and

WHEREAS, the expense of such work has been determined and a sworn statement thereof,
setting forth said cost and expense, the location where said work was performed and the
amount therein to be assessed against said location.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on this ____day of	, 1956, that the above

mentioned sworn statement, together with a copy of this resolution, be and is hereby
referred to the City Clerk who shall forthwith assess the sum of ONE THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED
FIFTEEN DOLLARS and SEVENTY-NINE CENTS, ($1415.79) against Lots #1 through #8 inclusive
Block 1, Biltmore Annex No. 3, for the cost and expense as set forth in said sworn state-
ment, in accordance with the Code and Laws of the City of Las Vegas and the various amend-
ments thereto in such cases made and provided; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the various departments of the City, more particularly
the City Clerk and the Assessor, take the necessary legal steps in effecting said assessment.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this ________day of __________, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the New Boulder Coub, 118 Fremont had applied for a re-
fund of license fee for overpayment on 52 slot machines and one bridge table for the third
quarter of 1936. Mr. Kennedy stated that this change in application had been reported to
the City and a check made to verify that none of the devises had been operated during this
quarter.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the New Boulder Club for refund on the over-
payment of license fees in the total amount of $1,050.00 be approved and the warrant
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker? Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager reported that in the Service & Material Warrants there is a check for
the proposed purchase of Lots 27 through 32, Block 2, Park View Addition which property is
located on 2nd and Mesquite between the Police Department and Central Fire Station. Mr.
Kennedy requested authorization to place this money in escrow with Pioneer Title Insurance
& Trust Company until the instructions for the purchase of this property can be prepared
by the City Attorney.

FIRE STATION SITE
Petition to County

RESOLUTION -
Assessment for
Sidewalks
Biltmore Annex #3

REFUND ON GAMING
LICENSE

New Boulder Club

PURCHASE OF PROPERTY
Blk 2-Park View Addn