NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, in regular meeting assembled this fourth day of November, A.D. 1940, that
the terms of a written form of lease between said City of Las Vegas and said Western Air Ex-
press Corporation, a copy of which is hereto attached and hereby made a part hereof, be and the
same are hereby approved by said City of Las Vegas, and that the terms of a certain letter of
Escrow Instructions to Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be executed
 by said Western Air Express Corporation and by said City of Las Vegas a copy of which is hereto attached be and the same is
are hereby approved by said City of Las Vegas, and that the Mayor and City Clerk of said City
of Las Vegas, be and they are hereby authorized to sign the original of said lease on behalf of
said City, and to attach thereto the corporate seal of said City and to place said LEASE in
escrow with said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las Vegas, Nevada, as per the terms
of said letter of escrow instructions, and that the Mayor and City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas
be and they are hereby authorized to sign the original of said letter of ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS on behalf
of said City, and to attach thereto the corporate seal of said City ana deliver said letter of
Escrow Instructions, when thus executed unto the said Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company, Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Commissioner Ronnow moved the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the same was
seconded by Commissioner Gilbert, and upon being put to vote was carried by the following vote:

Voting Aye; Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor
John L. Russell. Voting No, none. Absent; None.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the City Attorney be allowed extra help so that all necessary papers required in the
above mentioned Resolution might be in order at their fixed dates.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that Police Officers L. Bunker and Ulloms salary be increased from the sum of $150.00 per month
to the sum of $160.00.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause ana Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Commissioner Ronnow voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thurs-
day November 7th at the hour of ten o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 7th day of November, at the hour of
ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 7th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 7th day of November, 1940 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to the Overland Drug Co.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

The consideration of the lease between the City of Las Vegas and Erdmann R Mueller and
Martha S. Mueller on gound owned by the City of Las Vegas was considered and on motion of Com-
missioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the form of
lease as presented to the Board be signed by the Mayor and the Clerk subject to change in the
description of property as said change is noted on said lease.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The business of the City purchasing the interests of the American Legion Post #8 in the

War Memorial Building was discussed at this time and Mayor Russell appointed Commissioner Gil-
bert as chairman of a committee to met with the members of the American Legion Post #8 to
present to the Post the offer of the City. Commissioner Gilbert to select his own committee.

The purchase of a trash truck was considered and it having been brought to the attention
of the Board of Commissioners that the City of Oroville, California was in possession of a	—

type truck thought to be suitable for the City of Las Vegas it was on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Krause moved and carried that the City pay the traveling expanses and
expenses of two days investigation of a "Refuse Getter" of W.J. Rhoads. Mr. Rhoads upon his
return to the City of Las Vegas to present an itemized account of his expenditures and be reimbursed
 for the same from the City.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.