in an easterly direction to the easterly boundary of said City of Las Vegas, was by
Resolution of said Board approved by said Board on the 5th ay of October, 1931, and
declared by such Resolution to constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land
assessed, and such assessments were directed to be immediately due and payable.

In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of said City of Las
Vegas, at my office in s id City this 5th day of October, 1931.

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such assessment roll, with said certificate of said Clerk
be immediately delivered to the Ex-Officio City Assessor by said Clerk and that said
Ex-Officio Assessor revord such assessment roll in a Book to be kept permanently for such
purpose and certify to such recordation.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT said assessments constitute respectively a lien upon
the respective lots and parcels of land assessed, and shall be charged against the persons
and properties respectively until paid.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the entire amount of said assessments be collected at
once, with annual interest thereon at the rate of of seven per cent per annum as against
such assessments as are not paid at once, payable to the County Treasurer and Ex-Officio
Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the ex-Officio Treasurer and Tax
Receiver of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of the acceptance of the deed from John Fagan for the alley space on
Fremont Street near 11th Street was next considered by the Board.

Therefore upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German
the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS , by Resolution duly adopted by this Board at a recessed regular
meeting thereof held on the 14th day of August, 1931, and found in Book 3 of the Minutes
of this Board at page 196, A.C.Delkin was directed to be notified to move off that
portion of his building situate on the alley adjoining on the east of lots 4 and 5 in Block
H of Buick's subdivision or purchase in the name of the City from John F. Fagan ten feet
in width off the westerly side of Lot H, Block 22 of Buck's subdivision to provide a 20ft.
alley, and

WHEREAS, at the expense and cost of said A.C.Delkin the said John Fagan did by
deed dated Sept. 22, 1931, execute and deliver a deed to the City of Las Vegas covering all
that certain lot, piece and parcel of land, situate in the City of Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark State of Nevada, bounded and described as follows: to-wit:

Beginning at the southwest corner of Lot H, Block 22 of Buck's Subdivision to
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; thence northeasterly along the west line of said
Lot H a distance of 154.8 feet to the North corner of said Mot H (said Lot H
being a triangular lot); thence to 33.5 feet to the point of intersection of
the east line of said Lot H with the easterly line of the alley of Block 1 in
Fairview Tract in said City; thence southwesterly a distance of 125.05 feet
to a point on the southerly boundary line of said Lot H; thence northwesterly
along the southerly boundary line a distance of 10.0 feet to the place of the
beginning; said parcel being a part of said Lot H Block 22 of Buck's Sub-
division and

WHEREAS, such deed has been on this date presented to the Board of acceptance,

NOW THEREFORE EE IT RESOLVED that this Board accept said deed on behalf of the
City and the Clerk is directed to have same duly recorded.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that in consideration of the procurement of said deed
for the purposes mentioned in the said Resolution of date August 14th, 1931, that City of
Las Vegas and the Board of City Commissioners will so far as permissible by law, not dis-
turb the said A.C. Delkin, or his assigns, in the possession of that portion of the alley
covered by his building heretofore erected and now being maintained thereon.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance defining the certain crimes and misdemeanors against the peace, health
and safety of the City of Las Vegas, providing punishment therefor, and repealing all Or-
dinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was read to the Board for a second
time and passed by the follow ng vote, Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the
Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 178 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in force and effect from and after its final publication in the Las Vegas Age, a daily news-
paper published in Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance to amend Sections 2,8, and 10 of Ordinance No. 111 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled; "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or keeping, sale offer-
ing or exposing for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors in the City of
Las Vegas; regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the violation
 of this Ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith," approved May 5, 1925, was read for a second time and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in force and effect from and after its final publication in the Las Vegas Age, a daily 
newspaper published in Las Vegas.

An Ordinance providing for the issuance of bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in the amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) for the purpose of con-
structing main sanitary outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to and also
as an extension of the present sanitary sewer system in said City, prescribing the form of
said bonds and the interest coupons to be thereto attached, and making provisions for the
levy of a tax to pay the interest as the installments thereof fall due and to pay the prin-
cipal at maturity," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners 

Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 180 of the City of Las Vegas, and to
be in force and effect from and after its final publication in the Las Vegas Evening Review-
Journal, a daily newspaper published in Las Vegas.