433

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	At this time a quitclaim deed for certain portions of Lots 8 and 9, Block 20, signed by

Quitclaim Deed	Juanita Easley Geagan, for the purpose of street alignment was presented to the Board for

Resolution No. 148 their consideration:

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that the following resolution be adopted accepting
this deed, and that Mrs. Geagen be given a vote of thanks for giving this property to the
City.

	RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of July, 1949, by the board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 14th day
of July, 1949, executed by Juanita Easley Geagen, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

TAXI APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Tanner Motor Tours of Nevada for a re-

Tanner Motor Tours placement U-Drive be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Union Cab	Commissioner Peccole moved that the application of the Union Cab Company for an additional

taxicab license be granted.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

LAS VEGAS CODE	Commissioner Bunker moved that the sale price of the new Las Vegas Code be set at $15.00

Sale Price	per copy.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye;	noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

 GaMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of	the Club Cafe, 117 Carson, for license to

New	operate 3 slot machines for the third quarter of	1949 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye;	noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that the application of	Deans Old Fashioned	Ice Cream Parlor, 5th

and Charleston, for license to operate 3 slot machines for the third quarter of 1949 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Nate Mack, 19-23 Fremont for one Race
Horse Book license for the third quarter of 1949 be approved.

This motion died for lack of a second.

Change of Owner,	At this time the following applications for gaming license for the third quarter of 1949

Name of Business, Etc. were presented to the Board for their consideration:

 HELEN'S DRIVE IN	Gayer	Company	10th & Fremont	1 slot

NEW VEGAS LANES	E. B.	Radzweit	125	South 2nd	4	slots

REX BAR	Mrs. Andrew Pettiti	124	South 1st	3	slots

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing applications for gaming license be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Renewals	Commissioner Moore moved that the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses

for the third quarter of 1949 be granted:

FRED'S LIQUOR STORE	Fred Kennedy	827 South 5th	3 slots

	LAS VEGAS BARBECUE	Chris	Tsouras	22	Fremont	3	slots

STATE CaFE	M. C.	Kress	20	Fremont	4	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Additional	Commissioner Moore moved that the applications for additional gaming licenses for the third

quarter of 1949 for the Fremont Arcade, 105 Fremont, one Roulette and the Eldorado Club
Lie., 128 Fremont, for twelve slot machines and four "21" games, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.