This being the time set for the discussion of the erection and operation of a municipal
airport for the City of Las Vegas and a number of interested persons being present an in-
formal discussion on the matter was had.

Present were Mr. Adams and Mr. James, of the Western Air Express, Mr. Dayhoff, and Mr.

Goss of the Transcontinental Air Lines, and Mr. Campbell of the Department of Air Commerce,

Mr. Mackey of the F.E.R.A. office and Mr. Bond of the Western Air Express, also C.D.Baker
City Engineer.

No definite action was taken at this time. Action was deferred until the arrival of the
Mayor and Commissioner Marble from Washington.

Mr. Campbell of the U.S. Department of Air Commerce stated that the site purchased by
the City for use as a municipal airport was satisfactory wo the Department of Air Com-
merce.

Mr. Adams and Mr. James of the Western Air Express stated that their company felt at this
time it would not be to their advantage to abandon their field at this time and use a munici-
pally owned one.

No other business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 30th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

City Clerk

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING___

TO VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board Room of the said Board in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to be held Saturday the 21st day of December, 1935 at the hour
of 4 P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To meet with representatives of the Western Air Express, Transcontinental Air Lines, and
Department of Commerce (Air Division) to discuss the construction of a municipal air port
for the City of Las Vegas on land recently acquired by the City for that purpose.

Dated this 21st day of December, 1935.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble, and
M.E. Ward, Commissioners and L.L. Arnett, Mayor of
he City of Las Vegas.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE RAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City
will be held at the Board room of said Board in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada Saturday the 21st day of December to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To meet with representatives of the Western Air Express, Transcontinental Air Lines, and
Department of Air Commerce to discuss the construction of a municipal air port for the City of
Las Vegas on land recently acquired by the City for that purpose.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the fore going notice of special meeting, and further certify that H.P. Marble
Street Commissioner, is absent from the City and State and his whereabouts is not easily
ascertainable.

L.L. Arnett 	Jas. H. Down	David Farnsworth

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

M.E .Ward_______

Commissioner