REZONING APPLICATION
Mattie Williamson
Z-12-54

Denied

REZONING APPLICATION
Jack Wollenzien and
Al Wendelboe
Z-15-54



VACATION
Rexford Drive

Harry Mack & Others

STREET NAME CHANGE
Tonopah Drive to
Elm Drive

MARYCREST ESTATES
Tentative Map

MEADOWS ADDITION AND
TAM TRACT
Roadway

PURCHASE OF PROPERTY

Jewish Community
Center

INVESTMENT OF CEMETERY
CARE FUND

HOUSE MOVING REQUEST
Emma Jones

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The application of Mattie Williamson to rezone Lot 2, Block 11, Valley
View Addition from R-4. to C-2, generally located at 304. Monroe Street,
was considered by the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this rezoning application be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The application of Jack Wollenzien and Al Wendelboe to rezone that pro-
perty located at 3000 West Charleston Boulevard, which is generally
located on the Southwest corner of Campbell Drive and West Charleston
Boulevard from R-E to C-1, was considered by the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this rezoning
application be set for June 16, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the petition of Harry Mack and others
to vacate the west 5 feet of Rexford Drive; save and except therefrom
that portion of Oakey Boulevard previously deeded for road purposes,
also that portion of the easterly extension of Weldon Drive, formerly
4th Place and St. Louis Street, respectively, as shown upon the Beverly
Green amended Tract No. 2.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this proposed
vacation be set for July 7, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the petition of Charles A. Harvey and
others to retain the name of Elm Drive, now known as Tonopah Drive.

Discussion was held and no action was taken on this matter.

At this time the Board considered the tentative map of Marycrest Estates
which is located in the NW¼ SW¼ Section 2, T21S, R61E, and situated
between Oakey Boulevard and St. Louis Avenue and East of Maryland Parkway.

Discussion was held and the Commission decided to refer this tentative
map to the City Engineer, Planning, Police and Fire Departments for fur-
ther study.

At this time the Board considered the petition of property owners regard-
ing Meadows Addition roadway between Meadows Addition and Tam Tract.

At this time there appeared before the Board a group of property owners
in the Meadows Addition to discuss a right-of-way which lies between the
Meadows Addition and the Judy Rich Tract, now known as Tam Tract.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Manager and the Director
of Public Works be authorized to negotiate with the Judy Rich Enterprises
for an additional 10 foot easement between this portion of the Meadows
Addition and the Tam Tract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the City Manager made a report on the proposal of the Jewish
Community Center to purchase 214. lots in Woodlawn Cemetery for $87.50
each or a total price of $18,725.00 to be paid in monthly installments
of $50.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this proposal be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the City Manager gave a report on investing the Cemetery
Care Fund in Investors Mutual Funds.

Considerable discussion was held and no action was taken on this matter
as the Board felt the Cemetery Care Funds would be more secure in U. S.
Government Bonds.

At this time the Building Department reported that Mrs. Emma Jones wished
to move three buildings from 1819 Fairfield to 1201-1211 "D" Street and
the three sub-standard buildings on her "D" Street property would be re-
moved.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Building
Department be accepted and the above request to move three buildings be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

3-19-54