McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem aye.

The question of allowing a certain amount of money for street purposes coming on before
the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered
the the sum of two thousand dollars be transferred from the general fund of the City to the
Street fund of the City the same to be used for the improving of the Streets in said City.

The City Attorney was instructed by the Board to draft an ordinance regulating the carrying
and use of fire arms and airguns within the City of Las Vegas, and also to draft amendments to
the Plumbing ordinance, being ordinance No. 36. so that said last mentioned ordinance might be
read far the first time at an adjournment of this meeting.

The Consolidated Power and Telephone Company presented a bill for $1700, duly itemized and
accompanied with proper vouchers, for expenses incurred in the construction of the electric light
system for the streets of the City, and requested the payment of said sum of $1700 on account
of the work, Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Commissioner Coughlin
it was duly resolved: That Whereas it appears the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company has
presented to this Board an itemized bill for $1700 for expenses incurred in the construction
of the street light system for the City under the contract therefor, and has requested the allowance
of the same on account. Now therefore be it resolved that said claim of $1700.00 be and the
same is hereby allowed, and the Mayor protem. be and he is hereby directed to endorse the same
as allowed and the clerk is authorized and directed to draw his warrant for said sum upon the
City Treasurer for the amount thereof; it being proved, however, that the payment of said sum
is not to constructed or intended as an acceptance of the work or any part thereof done under
said contract. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem. voting aye. Noes, None.

The matter of levying taxes for the City for the year 1913 was brought before the Beard and
considered by it and final action thereon was by motion duly made and seconded and carried ordered
that this matter be deferred until adjourned meeting of this meeting.

The application of the Thomas Department Store Company for a liquor license permit was considered 

by the Board but owning to the lateness of the hour was by motion duly made and carried laid
over for final disposition until the adjourned meeting of this meeting.

Thereafter it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that
this Board adjourn until Wednesday February 12th, ADD. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M. to take
up any and all matters that may come before it, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye,
McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
		February 12th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment, present Hon Ed. Von Tobel Mayor protem Commissioners

Stewart, and McGovern present. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the question of advertising the Regal Compressor for sale belonging to the
City Coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly
carried ordered that the Clerk of this Board be an is hereby instructed to advertise in the Clark
County Review and weekly newspaper in said City until further ordered of the Board the aforesaid

compressor. the vote being as follows towit Stewart aye, McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor
protem voting aye.