Las Vegas, Nevada
November2, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 2nd day of November, 1945. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 7:45 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen
Scott Reed.

At this time a letter from Domenic Romangnino, dated October
31, 1945 requesting permission to operate a taxi cab company
in the City of Las Vegas was read to the Board. Commissioner
Clark moved that the application be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin. After some 

discussion Commissioner Clark withdrew his motion with the consent
of the Second.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign an agreement with R. G. Thompson for the use of
his motorcycle.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a Committee from the Golf Club Association met with
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to discuss the
construction of a Golf Club at the Municipal Golf Course. After
considerable discussion, Commissioner Clark moved that the City
Attorney and Mr. Ruymann, Attorney for the Golfer’s Association
get together and draw up an agreement covering that portion of
the City owned property at the Golf Course to be occupied by
the Golf Association for the building of a club house and 

present their agreement to the City for approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until
2 P.M., the 7th of November.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 7th day of November, 1945. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the follow-
ing members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti: City Manager T. E. Fennessy:	City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be 

instructed to cause to have posted notice of intention of the City of
Las Vegas to vacate a portion of the alley located in Block
7, Hawkins Addition being that portion of the east and west
alley directly behind the El Cortez Hotel between sixth and
seventh streets on the north s ide of Fremont, as designated on
sketch attached to petition. Further that the El Cortez
Company shall provide a sixty (60) foot "T" at the end of the
alley between Ogden and Fremont Avenue for the turning around
of vehicles; and that said he ring be set for December 22, 1945
at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Stanley Robinow
and Max Arnold requesting the transfer to them of the pawn shop
license issued to George Harris, who is now operating the
Pioneer Loan Company, be approved when Mr. Robinow and Mr. Arnold
file with the City Clerk the necessary bond to do business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED VACATION
Alley located Block
7, Hawkins Addition

PAWN SHOP LICENSE
TRANSFER

APPLICATION
Taxi Business

MOTORCYCLE RENTAL
AGREEMENT

GOLF CLUB ASSOCIATION