Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 6th, 1916

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las egas, Nevada
held on the 6th day of December A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor With Commissioners
Matzdorf, Farnsworth, Elwell, and Ball Being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read,

All claims against the City of Las egas, Nevada, allowed as per claim booh except the claim of
C.A. French for the sum of $200.00 for work on the road leading to the Cemetery which was ordered
laid over until such time that said road had been finished as per agreement, with the Street Comm-
issioner David Farnsworth.

The Claim of W.G. Morse for work performed for the City was ordered laid over until the next
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on account that said Claim did not have the O.K. of the
party ordering said work.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read.

At this time the Question of allowing more money for a man and team on City work coming on before
the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried orderded that the City
Attorney be and is hereby instructed to draw up an resolution setting forth the fact that here-
after the regular amounts to be paid for all City work wherein a man and a span of horses are used
shall be the sum of Eight dollars per day, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Farnswroth, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

The claim of A. Levy in the sum of $15. 65 for repair work on sewer pipe connecting with his
property situated on Fremont street in said City known as the Levy Hall Building was upon Motion
of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried ordered that said
Claim be and the same is hereby rejected upon the ground that the same is not a legal claim against
the City of Las Vegas for the reason that said repair work was performed upon the sewer pipe



leading from his property to the main line sewer and was not of any fault of the City of Las Vegas.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye,
Elwell aye, Ball Aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The is being the time set by the Board for the opening of Bids for street work on the road to the
Cemetery in said City as per advertisement, the Board then proceeded to open said Bids and found the

following to towit; the Bid of Wm, Dykman being sixty cents per cubic yard

Wyckoff and Campbell being seventy cents per cubic yard.

Al.J.Clark	Being eighty cents per cubic yard.

J.M. Heaton	being seventy five cents per cubic yard.

John F. Miller	being sixty five cents per cubic yard.

C.A. French	being fifty four cents per cubic yard.

There being no other bidders and it appearing to the Board after due consideration that the bid
of C.A. French is the best and cheapest bid submitted it was then upon motion of Commissioner
farnsworth and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that the bid of C.A. French
be and the same is hereby accepted and the City Attorney be and is hereby directed to draw up a
contract in compliance with the plans and specifications and place the same on file with the Clerk
of this Board after the same has been executed, and the Mayor and City Clerk of the City of Las vegas
Nevada are hereby empowered sign and execute said Contract upon behalf of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye,
Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a Petition from residents of the North end of the
City of Las vegas, Nevada, requesting that the City take some action to stop the shooting with in
the City Limits of said City as the same was deangerious to live stock whereupon it was ordered
by the Board that the same be referred to the police officers and said petition placed on file.