No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 9th day of November, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 9th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 9th day of November 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk and
City Attorney.

Minutes of all previous meetings not read were read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved end carried that
Bernard Burger be employed as Recreational Director for the month of November, 1938.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that A.L. Riddle be granted a taxi cab license for the Apache Hotel. Application being in proper
form, money on file with the Clerk to cover same and insurance policy for public liability and
personal property damage being in order. Written permission from the Apache Hotel also on file.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted C.L. Hennon for operation at Mac Donald Hotel.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time bids were opened on the purchase of a typewriter for the Clerk's office and
for the anti-freeze for all city cars. Bids for the purchase of anti-freeze were handed to Com-
missioner Krause for checking and recommendation and the bids for the purchase of typewriter
were handed to Commissioner Ronnow for recommendation.

The Board entered into a discussion on the removal of a signed owned by the Standard Oil
Company on the Southwest corner of Fifth & Fremont Street as several complaints had been made
to the Board stating that said sign obstructed the of adjacent property. The Clerk was directed
to write the oil company and ask that they take steps to remove said sign.

This motion was introduced by Commissioner Ronnow and seconded by Commissioner Krause and
he vote upon the motion was Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further businessappearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until the 14th day of November, 1938 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 14th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of November 1938 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and City Attorney
and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to W.R. Van Eaton.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The Board discussed a revision or amendment to license ordinance No. 243 and the collection
of fees due under said ordinance at this time. The City Attorney ruling that the licenses fees
as set forth in Ordinance 243 must be collected for the 4th quarter year.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
Clerk cause a notice to be published in the Las Vegas Review Journal this date stating that all
City licenses due under Ordinance 243 would be due and payable November 15th, 1938.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.