to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of public uses; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the
County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,
true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached
hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 6th day of January, 1960.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 11th day of January, 1960.

/s/ Edwina M. Cole___________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By_________________Deputy

FOR:	San Francisco Ave.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission that in
December, 1945, the City entered into a contract with Theodore
Michelas for the purpose of furnishing water on the South Meadows
Addition to operate sprinklers. He stated it was necessary to maintain
a minimum pressure of 45 to 50 pounds to properly operate the sprinklers;
however, the Park Department had complained that not enough pressure
was maintained and, as a result, the grass died and had to be reseeded.
During June the pressure was read for ten days and the maximum pressure
during that time was 32 pounds - it ranged from 25 to 32 pounds. Mr.
Sauer concluded by saying he had submitted a letter to the City
Attorney requesting that Mr. Michelas be instructed to meet the
requirements of this Agreement.

Commissioner Fountain inquired whether this was the only location
involved in the Agreement. City Attorney Cory explained this water
agreement only covered water necessary to maintain the park and had
nothing to do with water for homes. He stated Mr. Michelas had
appeared before the City Manager, the Department of Public Works, and
the Fire Department (at which times he was represented by counsel) and
repeatedly had been urged to keep the pressure up, but had done nothing
to relieve the situation. Mr. Cory advised the first meeting with
Mr. Michelas was held sometime last March or April, 1959, but there
were a series of meetings all during the summer, and that nothing had
been done by Mr. Michelas to correct the condition. It was Mr. Cory's
recommendation that a letter be sent Mr. Michelas, advising him the
Water Agreement of December, 1945, would be terminated 30 days from
the date of the letter.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Water Agreement of December,

1945, between Theodore Michelas and the City of Las Vegas be terminated
on thirty days' written notice and that the City Attorney be instructed
to so advise Mr. Michelas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:00 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at
the hour of 8:40 P.M., with all members present as of the opening
session.

-0O0-

Commissioner Fountain moved the following Charitable Solicitations
Permits, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:

Camp Fire Girls, L.V. Area Council - Candy sale

First Methodist Church	- Rummage sale

Goodfellows - Las Vegas Firemen - Sale of Special Edition of

L. V. Sun

Clark County Panhellenic Assn.	- Card Party

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

1-6-60

WATER AGREEMENT, DEC., 1945

Theodore Michelas and City
of Las Vegas

Termination Approved

CHARITABLE

SOLICITATIONS PERMITS
Approved