their full depth, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon the following street within the
City of Las Vegas:

NORTH MAIN STREET from the Northerly line of Bonanza
Road to the north City limits of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

SECTION 2. That the street, hereinabove described, shall be improved by 
constructing thereon street lighting facilities which include concrete bases, aluminum
standards, mercury vapor luminaires and underground and single overhead wire and series
lighting system, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly
shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file
in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, 
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans,
assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation properly charged in
the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special, assessments made
according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property
specially benefited by such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost
and expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $26,334.30, and the total of the
special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.	

SECTION 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon
any such lot or premises exceed 100% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon
the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, but such cost in
excess of 100% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid of the General Fund.

SECTION 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
the Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and
is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the
manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot
and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned Special Assessment District, with
such relative portion of the whole amount to be levied as the length of front of such
premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be
assessed; unless on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment for a
different number of feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be
assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number of feet as determined upon for
assessment by the assessor.

SECTION 6. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed the
assessment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Such report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the
Assessment roll which certificate shall be in form prescribed by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas.

SECTION 7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared
and reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

SECTION 8. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed
by said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with
the City Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 6th day of May, 1959, at 8:00 o'clock P.M.,
at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby fixed as the time and
place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and ex-officio City Assessor
will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review
said assessment.

SECTION 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk,
he shall publish notice of the time said Board and said ex-officio City Assessor will meet
to review the assessments once a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Said notice shall be in the form
prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessment as
aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and then,
or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any objections to said
assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and shall
decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description
of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as
corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor
for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall
be made anew.

SECTION 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City
Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which
shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein
provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said
County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the
Board of Commissioners, with his certificate of such confirmation, and of the date thereof.

The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra com-
pensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have
notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all
courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof,
and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION 13, That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the
date of confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or
parcels of land assessed. The special assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien
on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until paid.

SECTION 14. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the
County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio

3-18-59