IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portion of First Street, as shown by map of
Sunset Park, on file in Book 2 of Plats, page 6, in the Office of the County Recorder
of Clark County, Nevada, and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southeast comer of Lot 5, Block 2, of Sunset Park, aforementioned,
the true point of beginning; thence Northerly along the East line of said Block 2,
to the Northeast corner of Lot 6, Block 2, of said Sunset Park; thence South 62°15'

East, a distance of 40 feet to a point on the West line of Lot 7, Block 3 of said
Sunset Park; thence Southwesterly along the West line of said Block 3, to the Southwest
comer of Lot 6; thence North 62°15' West, a distance of 40 feet to the true point of
beginning,

be and the same are hereby vacated.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the vacation of an alley in
Block 3, Church Addition, His Honor asked if there were any objections. There were
none voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this public hearing be held in abeyance until January 19, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of George Heyer for a
shopping center on Bonanza Road and Rancho Road, His Honor asked if there were any
objections.

Mr. Joe Gallwich appeared and presented a petition signed by property owners protesting
this Use Permit.

Mr. Robert E. Jones, representing Mr. Heyer, was present and requested approval of this
Use Permit.

Mr. Tom Thebo appeared before the Board and stated that he thought the property was too
small to accomodate a shopping center and still provide ample parking.

Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing be continued until February 16, 1955 so that
a study can be made of this area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. L. L. Snyder appeared before the Board to show cause why his business
license at 300 West Bonanza should not be revoked. The Health Department has revoked
Mr. Snyder's health certificate.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Snyder's business license at 300 West Bonanza be
revoked pursuant to the action of the Health Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett
stated that he writes insurance for Mr. Snyder, and passed his vote:

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 11213 to 12602 inclusive in the net
amount of $58,474.82 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

No action was taken on the Final Map of Sunset Manor due to the fact that it was not
ready at this time.

At this time George Wade, City Engineer, presented a proposed contract for additions to
the City-wide sewer improvement program with George E. Miller. This is for 5th Street,
Clarkway and Bonanza laterals.

Commissioner Sharp moved this contract be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of George E. Miller for partial payment on the sewer
contract in the amount of $13,168.44 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

12-20-54

VACATION OF ALLEY
Block 3, Church Addn.
Public Hearing

USE PERMIT - George Heyer
Public Hearing

BUSINESS LICENSE
REVOKED
L. L. Snyder

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SUNSET MANOR-Final Map
SEWER CONTRACT

SEWER CONTRACT

Partial Payment