Commissioner Whipple moved the transfer of the Retail Liquor license of the Southwest

Liquor Store, formerly issued to M.H. and Max Gordon, to Leonard Fayle DBA Thrifty Liquor

Store Co. Inc., at 317 Fremont St. be approved.

Transfer

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye, noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

WITHDRAWAL OF	Mr. Clifford Jones, representing the Pioneer Club, requested that their application for an

APPLICATION	application for an additional Tavern Liquor license be withdrawn.

PURCHASE OF PICK- Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Manager be authorized to purchase two Dodge Pickups

UPS	and two Ford Pickups.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commissioner Bunker,
moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

ATTEST:

CityClerk:



and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
voting: aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 17, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 17th day of
September, 1952, was called to order at the hour of 7:30P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with
the following members present:

Mayor C.D. Baker
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Reed Whipple

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner William Peccole
City Manager C.W. Shelley
Asst. City Mgr. Dora Lord

Payroll Warrants Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1341 to 1346 inclusive in the net amount
of $33,504.73 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners Jarrett and Peccole.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 2316 in the total amount of
WARRANTS	$23,677.18 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Jarrett and Peccole.

VACATION OF ALLEY
Blk 21 South Addn
Public Hearing

This being the time set for the public hearing on the petition for vacation of a portion of the
alley in Block 21, South Addition, His Honor, asked if there was anyone present who wished to
protest this vacation. There were no objections voiced.

His Honor announced that there were letters on file from the Regional Flanning Commission recommending
the vacation, and a letter from the City Engineer and Fire Chief requesting that the vacation be
denied.

Discussion was held on the matter, and the Board decided that since the utilities such as the
sewer, water and power lines were located in the alley, that it would not be to the benefit of
the public to vacate the same.

Thereafter Commissioner moved the request of S.M. Pahor for the vacation of a portion of the
alley in Block 21, South Addition be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners Jarrett and Peccole.

CHILD WELFARE BOARD Commissioner Bunker moved the following appointments to serve on the Child Welfare Board
Appointment created by Ordinance No. 503 be made;

Mrs. Victor Giasson
Mrs. Jacob Kozloff
Mrs. Marc Wilkinson
Mrs. V. Gray Cubler

Mrs. Deborah Moore
Mrs. George Boman
Mr. Jack Purcell

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners Jarrett and Peccole.

OaKEY BOULeVARD Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer be instructed to advertise for bids for the paving of

IMPROVEMENT	Oakey Boulevard on the basis of a twenty five foot strip from 5th to 10th street, and that the adjoining

property owners who wish to proceed with the City to finish the paving out to the property line be

allowed to do so.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting recess until September 24, 1952 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.