ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative 
Assistant and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of
the foregoing notice of special meeting.

s/	C.D. BAKER	A.H. KENNEDY

s/	HARRIS P. SHARP	RALSTON 0. HAWKINS

s/	WENDELL BUNKER	R.F. BOOS

s/	E.W. FOUNTAIN	REED WHIPPLE

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 23, 1958

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 23rd day of April, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Ass't City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Associate Planner	David Kennedy

Director of Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

VACTION OF STREET	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition for

Portion of North 6th	the vacation of a portion of the northeast comer of North 6th Street at the

	intersection of Ogden Avenue, His Honor asked if there were any objections.

No objections were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Bunker moved this vacation be approved, as recommended by the 
Planning Commission, and the following order of vacation adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 15th day of January, 1958, signed by five (5) freeholders 
residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this
Board, petitioning for the vacation of a portion of the northeast corner of
North 6th Street at the intersection of Ogden Avenue, hereinafter described, and
said petition having been by order of this Board referred to the City Planning
Commission for its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission
having filed its report, dated March 17, 1958, with this Board, approving and
recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 19th day
of March, 1958, set the 23rd day of April, 1958, at the hour of 7:30 P.M., in
the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart Streets, in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for a public hearing on
said petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid 
street and part thereof proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice
setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the 
proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Dwight Engebregson filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which
notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 24th day of March, 1958,
in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition for vacation
and the recommendation of the City Planning Commission thereon, and this Board
having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said 
petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portion of the
street proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and 
convenience, and that said vacation will enure to the benefit of the City of Las
Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially injured
thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that that portion of North 6th Street, more particularly
described as follows, to-wit:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the
Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 34, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, M.D.B.& M., and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

COMMENCING at a point in the intersection of Ogden Avenue and Sixth Street,
said point being the concrete monument as shown on map of Hawkins Addition
in Book 1 of Plats, Page 40, recorded September 7, 1921 in the Office of the
County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence South 62°15'00" East along
the centerline of Ogden Avenue a distance of 56.81 feet to a point on the
East line of the Southwest One-Quarter (SW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter
(NE¼) of Section 34, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, said point further
described as being a point on the common boundary line of Hawkins Addition

4-23-58