599

REZONING APPLICATION Baker & Hazard, Inc Z-4-54  Public Hearing Set	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  The application of Baker and Hazard, Inc. to reclassify the NE1/4 SE1/4 Sec. 30, T20S,  R61E, from R-E to R-l zoning, as recommended by the Planning Commission was considered at this time.
	Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on this application for rezoning be set for March 17, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PUBLIC HEARING SET REZONING  Lots 7, 8, Blk 12 HFM&N Addn ^	At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission to rezone the southwest corner of Monroe and "E" Streets, Lots 7 and 8, Block 13, HFM&N Addition from R-4 to C-2 zoning.  Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on this rezoning be set for March 17, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
TENTATIVE MAP Stocks Subdivision  	At this time the Board considered the tentative map of Stocks Subdivision which is located in a portion of the NW1/4 SE1/4 Sec. 35, T20S, R6lE, between Ogden and Sunrise Avenues and 20th and 21st Streets.  Commissioner Whipple moved this tentative map be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.
FINAL MAP Stocks Subdivision	At this time the Board considered the final map of Stocks Subdivision which is located in a portion of the NW1/4 SE1/4 Sec. 35? T20S, R6lE, between Ogden and Sunrise Avenues and between 20th and 21st Streets.  Commissioner Bunker moved this final map be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.
PARTIAL PAYMENT Caretaker's Cottage Jack MacDonald 	Commissioner Whipple moved the payment to Jack MacDonald, Estimate #1 on the Caretaker's Cottage in the total amount of $9,274.10 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
FINAL ESTIMATE - SCHEDULE A Charles A. Dorfman	Commissioner Bunker moved the final estimate on Schedule "A" of Sewer Contract to Charles A. Dorfman in the total amount of $1,562.35 he approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-11 Estimate #2  Shock Electric Co.	Commissioner Whipple moved the Estimate #2 on Assessment District No. 100-11 to Shock Electric Co. in the total amount of $6,096.53 he approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-22 Estimate #3  Ideal Asphalt Paving Co.	Commissioner Whipple moved Estimate #3 on Assessment District No. 100-22 to Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. in the total amount of $14,283.31 and the payment for extra work in the total amount of $801.08 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSALS Parking Lot - Boy Scout	At this time the Board considered the following bids for the parking lot at the Boy Scout area:

Area	

a) Pahlen Construction Co., Inc. $3,130.55

PROPOSED REMODELING City Hall Auditorium   	b)	Wells & Stewart Const. Co 3,548.82  c)	Ideal Asphalt Paving Co, Inc. 3,765.90  Commissioner Whipple moved the bid be awarded to Pahlen Construction Co., Inc. in the amount of $3,130.55.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  At this time the City Engineer presented proposals for remodeling the City Hall Auditorium into office space.  Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
FINAL MAP - MARYCREST ESTATES	Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Marycrest Estates be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
FINAL MAP - TWIN LAKES VILLAGE, UNIT 2 	Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Twin Lakes Village Unit 2 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

2-17-54