City Manager Kennedy reported that three bids for the purchase of traffic paint had been re-
ceived, and requested permission to purchase the low bid of M. J. Di Biase Co. in the amount
of $911.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and a purchase order issued to the M. J*
DiBiase Co. for traffic paint in the amount of $911.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Manager Kennedy presented the request of J. G. Jenkins for permission to
preach on the streets in the vicinity of E and Jackson and F and Jackson for a period of
six months.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a resolution had been received from the
North Las Vegas City Commission thanking the City of Las Vegas for the assistance rendered
their Police Department recently when the majority of their personnel quit. This resolution
was ordered filed.

City Manager Kennedy presented the claim of Anne Powell for damages caused to her property
from the drainage from the disposal plant in the amount of $16,000.00. Mr. Kennedy advised
the Commission that the Insurance Adjuster had been notified and were checking on this claim.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this claim of Anne N. Powell in the amount of $16,000.00
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a plan was presented for the proposed park to be located east of Hyde Park,
showing the location of the new fire station in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the proposed site of the new fire station be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission also considered the proposed plan for the development of Lions Club Park
and indicated general approval of the plan as presented.

A resolution from the Realty Board protesting the holding of rezoning public hearings only
three times a year. No action was taken on this matter.

At this time Messrs. Stark and Johnson, liquor licensees for the Bank Club, 2300 E. Charleston
and Mrs. G. G. Donnell owner of the premises appeared before the Commission to request an
extension of time to allow the continuation of the operation at this location.

The Commission was advised that the building has been condemned and proper notice given,
but the licensees needed additional time to secure a suitable location before application
can be made for transfer.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Bank Club be granted permission to continue the
operation of the tavern at 2300 E. Charleston for ninety (90) days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be instructed to submit the City Attorney recommend-
ations to change the zoning ordinance to permit the operation of taverns in certain zones.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time for the opening of bids for the installation of paving on North 1st Street
between Fremont and Ogden, bids were received from the following firms:

2" Paving	2½" Paving

IDEAL ASPHALT	65¢	80¢

WELLS CARGO	75¢	82¢

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid of Ideal Asphalt being the low bid, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Attorney be authorized to prepare an amendment to the
ordinance prohibiting the posting of signs on utility poles.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Whipple moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:





City Clerk		Mayor

TRAFFIC PAINT
Purchased

PERMIT TO PREACH
ON STREETS

NORTH LAS VEGAS
Resolution

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Ann Powell

NEW FIRE STATION
LOCATION

W. Charleston Area

LIONS CLUB PARK
Development Plan

REZONING HEARINGS
Protest

BANK CLUB-
Condemned Bldg.

License Extension

NORTH 1st STREET
PAVING - Bids

ORDINANCE AMENDMENT
Posting of Signs
On Telephone Poles