FRANCISCO PARK
TRACT No. 1
Release of Bond



MOULON ROUGE
Building Permit
Casino



COMMERCIAL BUILDING
PLAN REVIEW
Discontinued

REQUEST TO REPEAL
ELECTRICAL SIGN
FEE ORDINANCE

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 1, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
 this 1st day of September, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Asst. City Mgr.	R. W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 53050 to 53196 inclusive
in the total amount of $94,684.91 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

9-1-54

At this time Commissioner Jarrett arrived at the meeting.

Mr. Earl Hartke of the Pardee Construction Company appeared before the Board at this time,
requesting the release of the performance bond on Francisco Park Tract No. 1. Mr. Hartke
presented a letter dated August 26, 1954, written by the George E. Miller Company stating
that they had been retained by Mr. and Mrs. Harold J. Stocker to construct sidewalks
curbs and gutters and paving from Francisco Park Tract west to Maryland Parkway.

Discussion was held on the driveways constructed of chat in this tract. His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Whipple stated that he felt that Subdividers have to live up to the specifications
as they are agreed upon by the City; that if there is to be any deviation from the
agreement, this should be brought to the attention of the Commission.

Commissioner Jarrett advised the Board that his office has written insurance for the
Pardee-Phillips Construction Company, and with this declaration would like to make the
following motion.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the contract between Pardee Construction Company and the City of
Las Vegas for the installation of improvements in Francisco Park Tract No. 1 be amended
to accept the "chat" driveways.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he and his partner Walter Zick were the architects for
Francisco Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker;
Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker states that he thought the waiver of specifications to Pardee
Construction Company which has not been allowed to any one else is not right.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the improvements in Francisco Park Tract No. 1 be accepted
and the performance bond filed, being Continental Casualty Company Bond No. 15-148-91
in the total amount of $165,000.00, be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Bunker. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The request of Will Max Schwartz for issuance of a building permit for the construction of
the casino portion of the Moulon Rouge, 900 West Bonanza, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the building permit for the casino of the Moulon Rouge be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the policy of the Commission of reviewing commercial building
plans concerning off-street parking be discontinued unless it is a building of a great
concentration of people.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Board requested the City Attorney to prepare an ordinance to repeal the portion of
Ordinance No. 522 that requires an annual fee to be paid the City for the inspection of
electrical signs.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, this special meeting
adjourned.