SMITH	Commissioner Smith moved that his report be approved and adopted. 

Report	Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honro voting
aye. Noes, none.

FLOOR WAXER	The bid of the Lovinger Disinfectant Company for a floor waxer

Bid	was opened at this time. This was the only bid received. Mayor 

Garrison ordered said bid tabled and instructed the city engineer
to look into the matter of obtaining a second hand outfit or letting
a contract to have said work done and report back at the next
meeting.

STREET DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Mr. Leavitt that

Wiley Woodard	Charles McCown be promoted to shop foreman at $200 per month and 

Charles McCown	Wiley Woodard be promoted to construction foreman at $200 per month.

Motion died for want of a second.

and recommendations

HARLAN T.	BROWN	Harlan T. Brown presented his	report/to the Board which	was	read	by	

Report	the clerk.

Plat - cemetery	Commissioner Tinch moved that the amended plat of Woodlawn Cemetery

be approved and the Mayor and city clerk authorized to execute same. 
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Residential	 set-	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the	recommendation of the	city	engineer

backs	regarding residential stebacks as	follows; be approved:

Porches or similar appendages, attached to, but not
an integral part of a residence building, may extend
five feet beyond the setback line, across thirty-five 
percent of the building width without violating the
setback. This does not mean that any portion of the main
walls of the building may extend beyond the setback line
nor that any construction except walks and drives may
extend beyond the property line".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

C.	L. Hoge	Commissioner Tinch moved that the recommendation of Mr. Brown

raise	that C. L. Hoge be raised from $150 to $175 per month as assistant

Building Inspector, be approved. Motion died for want of a second.

John Williams	Commissioner Tinch moved that the recommendation of the city engineer

hired - chairman that John Williams be placed on the payroll as of Oct l6th, as a

chairman to replace Charles Guy at $150 per month be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

VACATIONS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that all city employees be granted

city employees	two weeks vacation after one years service and continued service

thereafter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by 
the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TRANSPORTATION	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that all city inspectors be furnished

City inspectors	transportation while on city business. Motion died for want of

a second.

SEWER LINES	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized

Revocable permit	to execute a certain instrument designated "Revocable Permit" as

State Highway	presented by the State Highway Department. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux amd carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

At 9:10 P.M., Commissioner Smith was excused because of illness. 

AIRPORT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a certain acre at McCarran Field

Barrett acre	owned by Bud Barrett be purchased for $1000 including the well thereon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following 
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

BOOSTER STATION

gas	Commissioner Tinch moved that the city approve the proposed booster

Station of the Las Vegas Gas Company subject to specifications of the
Fire Underwriters of the Pacific. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,
Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

$50,000	

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, heretofore the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas gave notice of intention to vote on an emergency loan, which
notice was as follows:

NOTICE OF INTENTION TO VOTE ON
A RESOLUTION TO SECURE AN EMERGENCY
LOAN.

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the sec-
uring of cash to meet the payroll of the city employees and other
current expenses of operating the city government under the 1942
budget, pending the collection of the tax levy, 1942, the quarterly
installment of which will begin December, 1942.