OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 5, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present:

His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk, Absent: COMMISSIONERS C. J. Hammond and W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular and subsequent adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown in Claim and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City officers were presented, read, approved and placed on file in the office of
the Clerk.

At this time the Claim of the Nevada Oil Company was ordered returned for itemization of
the account and approval by the Street Superintendent. The claims of Callihan & Turner were or-
dered returned for approval of the Street Superintendent.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No. 122, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, pro-
viding for the Improvement of Fourth Street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in
front of Blocks Nos. 39 and 40 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment
thereof by special assessment"; was read the second time, and passed upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and unanimously carried. It was then ordered that this
ordinance be published in the Las Vegas Review for the period of one week.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No. 123, entitled "an Ordinance creating a City Planning Com-
mission, prescribing their powers and duties, and other matters relating thereto" was read for
the second time, and passed upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith,
and unanimously carried. It was then ordered that this ordinance be published for the period
of one week in the Las Vegas Age.

Thereupon the following preambles and resolution were duly adopted upon motion of commis-
sioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, at a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 14th day of March, 1927, a resolution was regularly introduced as fol-
lows:

"RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City Budget adopted in the year 1926 to provide funds for the conduct of the
various departments of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1927 was based upon an estimated as-
sessed valuation of $2,982,00, and

WHEREAS, the valuation for taxation as finally fixed by the tax officers for the year 1926
was only $2,682,003, and instead of raising by taxation the necessary funds, as aforesaid, the
actual amount of taxes raised fell far below the estimate of $25,300.00, required to be raised
by taxation, viz: a deficit of $4,651.76, and

WHEREAS, the amount received from licenses and fines fell $2,355.50 below the estimate in
said budget therefor, and

WHEREAS, there are not sufficient moneys in the various funds of the City to permit of the
conduct of various departments until the next tax paying period in June, 1927, and there is nec-
essary to be raised therefor in the various funds the following: General Fund $1,800.00; Police
and Fire Fund $2,100.00; Street Department Fund $600.00, aggregating a total of $4,500.00, and
a great emergency exists for the securing of such funds, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow the sum of
$4500.00 for a period of two and one-half years by the issuance of the negotiable note or notes
of said City, bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable
as by law provided out of an emergency tax fund,