[ 264

Section 4. Upon the issuance of a permit, as herein provided,
the City Clerk shall collect from the applicant therefor, and
pay over to the City Treasurer, the fee of Fifty Cents (50¢)
for each lineal foot or fraction thereof of authorized driveway
in excess of sixteen (16) lineal feet measured along the curb
or lot line, whichever is greater, and where curb and gutter
exists or is constructed, 

Thereafter the foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board
for the first time.

Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing ordinance be approved on its
	first reading with said recommended changes to be included. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE The committee composed of Commissioners Clark and Whipple asked that they
NO. 356	have further time for study before reporting on the proposed ordinance re-

Fire Prevention	lative to adopting the 1947 edition of the National Board of Fire

	Underwriters "Suggested Fire Prevention Ordinance," with amendments.

	The Committee stated they would report on said proposed ordinance at

the next regular meeting of the Board on July 22, 1948.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE The Committee composed of Commissioners Moore and Whipple asked that
NO. 357	they have further time for study before reporting on the proposed

Amendment to	ordinance relative to amending Subdivision 77 of Section 2 of

Ordinance No. 349 Ordinance 349 (licensing). The Committee stated they would report
(Licensing)	on said proposed ordinance at the next regular meeting of the

Board on July 22, 1948.

	There being no further business to come before this Special Meeting

the meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 22, 1948

A regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day
of July, 1948, was called to order by His Honor Mayor E. w. Cragin with
the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple; City

Manager J. M. Murphy; City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk
Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PETITION	At this time there appeared before the Board a group of owners of property

Re: Maryland Pkwy adjacent to Maryland Parkway regarding their petition dated July 22, 1948.

Said petitioners requested that the Huntridge Park Ball Game program be
	transferred to a more suitable location stating their reasons for said

request in the petition.

Mr. Wilfred E. Ball, representing the Optimist Club was present also to
ask the Board to disregard the aforementioned petition.

After considerable discussion Mayor Cragin stated that this petition would
be given full consideration and that the Board would act to the best
interests of the community.

BID	#48.11	This	being the time and place	set for	the opening	of	bids	for	an	evaporative

Re:	Cooler for cooler to be installed at	the	Central	Swimming	Pool	as	per	 specification	set

Central Swimming forth in Bid No. 48.11, bids were received and opened from the following
Pool	firms:

Luce & Goodfellow	116 S. 2nd Street

	National Ice Co.	320 S. Main

Larkin Plum & Heating	1017	S. 1st

Bradley & Simmons	1023	S. 1st

Western Heat. & Vent.	710 S. Main

Alaska Sheet Metal	1217 S. Main

Emil M. Pahor	1037 S* Main

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing bids be referred to
the City Manager for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of July 7, 1948 be approved by

reference and the Mayor and City Clark authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.