266

"WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on March
18, 1953 recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THERE FORE, BE IT RESOLVED, The recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the variance application of G.S. Carroll to construct and maintain
a seven unit apartment house on property located at 133 Chicago Avenue on Lots 1 and
2, Block 7, Meadows Addition, Be denied, be and the same hereby is accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner "Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Peccole.

USE PERMIT	The application of Al Rose for a Use Permit to construct an eight and one -half story

A1 Rose	hotel building, located at 115 Nor. 2nd Street in an C-2 (General Commercial) Use

	District as recommended by the Regional Planning Commission was considered at this times.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
on the application of Al Rose be accepted, be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of March, 1953. Al Rose filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for a Use Permit to construct an eight and one half story hotel building,
located at 115 North 2nd Street in a C-2 (General Commercial) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on March 12, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application of Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on March 12, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
inasmuch as they did not feel this use would be detrimental to surrounding property values;
and

WHEREAS, Such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on March 18, 1953,
recommending that such Use Permit be approved.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, The recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of Al Rose to construct an eight and one half story
hotel building be approved with the condition that off street parking be provided for
a minimum of sixty one cars, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Peccole.

TENTATIVE MAP	Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Herr Estates Subdivision which lies south

Herr Estates	of Charleston Blvd., between Eastern Avenue and Euclid Avenue be approved with the condition

that adequate sewers by gravity flow are provided.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

REVISED TENTATIVE
MAP

Paradise Groves

At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the revised tentative
map for Paradise Groves, said revision being a recommended a 54 foot right of way instead of
the original 60 feet right of way, was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Discussion was held on this matter but no action taken.

TENTATIVE MAP
Charleston Heights
Subdivision

At this time the tentative map of Charleston Heights Subdivision was presented to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Charleston Heights be referred to the Engineering
Department and a report submitted on the capacity of the main in this locality on the 25th day
of March at the special meeting of the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

TENTATIVE MAP Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Morning View Heights be approved.

Morning View

Heights	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Peccole.

At this time Commissioner Peccole attended the meeting.

LDS YOUTH CENTER	Mr. T. Gay Myers representing IDS Church in their request for drainage from the proposed site

DRAINAGE	for their Youth Center appeared before the Board at this time and requested a Storm Drainage

Culvert be installed. Mr. Myers also requested clarification as to whether his group or the
	City were to install this drainage system. Discussion was held but no action taken.

At this time the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 10:00 P.M. with all members
present.

R/W RR Between Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager that a R/W RR access road north
Main & Charleston of Charleston Blvd. between Main and the RR tracks be referred to the Regional Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.