vs

Viola Burns, As City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time plaintiff was represented in Court by her attorney Louis Cohen, Esq; defendant being
represented by City Attorney F.A. Stevens, Esq; This matter having heretofore been submitted to
the Court for decision on Demurrer the Court now finds as follows:- Demurrer of the City Clerk
will be sustained on the grounds that the Court believes the game described in the petition is a
lottery and not authorized by the constitution and laws of the tate of Nevada. he Court reserves
the right to file a written opinion if deemed expedient.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
one poker game license be granted to the Frontier Club Inc and one slot machines license to Jimmie Fulcher.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Gilbert, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

The attention of the Board was drawn to the fact that C.J. Mackey had not informed the Board
that he was ready to make the final payments on Block 5 in South Addition which he was purchas-
ing from the City.	

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and
carried that the Clerk write Mr. Mackey and inform him that the Board would consider action on the
balance due the City at the recessed meeting to be held Thursday the 16th day of November, at the
hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Gilbert, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time it was on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Tuesday the 7th day of November, 1939 at the hour of two thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioner Corradetti, Gilbert, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

	Thereupon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 7th day of November, 1939 at the hour of

 2:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 7th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada, held on the 7th day of November, 1939 at the hour of two thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Krause and City Attorney Austin.

At this time bids for the purchase of red shingle stain were opened, and on motion of Com-
missioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the bid of the
Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company be accepted. Bid being $31.25 and this bid while not being the lowest
bid it was considered advisable to purchase this stain as the brand was well known by the 

Department using said material.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Corradetti and Gilbert and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
the claim of Ike Pullum in the sum of $62.50 covering salary for the last half of October, be allow-
ed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
the City purchase from the United States Post Office three thousand envelops for use in the City
Treasurer's office. Same to cost $79.12.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Hie Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the report of the Municipal Judge, A.G.Blad to accept and filed. Finds in the sum of $54.00
being collected during the month of October, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Drs. White and Neilson of the State Board of Health appeared before the Board and informed
the Board that generally speaking the sanitary condition of the food dispensing houses in Las Vegas
was improving, but they reported four (4) houses in the City that would not cooperate with the
State Board. Police Commissioner Corradetti volunteered to visit these houses with the Doctors and
see if the would not comply with the State Laws.

Claude Sargeant appeared before the Board in regard to securing a sewer lateral on So 9th
Street between Fremont and Carson Streets. Mr. Sargeant was informed by the Board that if enough
persons were interested in the sewer lateral that the City would supply the labor and the property
owners purchasing the materials. Mr. Sargeant informed the Board that he would report back to the
Board his findings on this matter.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Com-
missioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thursday the 16th day of
November, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon the meeting recessed until Thursday the 16th day of November, 1939 at 7:30 P.M.