funds so collected in a special fund for Special Assessment District No, 3.	

The Clerk then presented to the Board the Assessment Roll for District No, 4, for sidewalks on
on the North side of Fremont street as corrected under resolution of April 3rd, 1914. whereupon
motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan the following resolution
was adopted, Be it Resolved, that the special assessment roll for District No, 4, for sidewalks on
the North side of Fremont street, filed in the office of the City Clerk February 28, 1914 and as
corrected by the City Clerk under resolution of April 3, 1914 passed by this Board, be and the
same is hereby approved and confirmed by this Board as corrected and the same is hereby declared
to be final and conclusive as the special assessment for sidewalk purposes in said District No, 4,
and as special Assessment Roll No, 4, and shall from the date of its approval the assessments

therein set forth shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land therein

assessed. Be it further Resolved, that the special assessments contained in said Roll No, 4,	

for said District No, 4, be and the same are hereby declared to be due and payable immediately
and the Clerk of this Board is directed to endorse said roll as provided in sec. 68 of the City
Charter and to immediately transmit the same to the City Treasurer. Be it further resolved that
the City Treasurer be and he is hereby directed to make immediate demand for the payment of said
special assessments and to collect the same and place the funds so collected in a special fund
for special assessment District No, 4,.

At this time Contractor J.A. Delameter presented to the Board a claim for Intersections
on second streets and first street and upon motion being duly made and carried by Commissioner

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan it was ordered that the same be paid out of the

street fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until 
April 13th, at 7 o'clock P.M. of said day to take up any and all matters.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 23rd, A.D. 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 23rd, day of April A.D. 1914. held pursuant to adjournment present
Hon. Mayor W.E. Hawkins and Commissioners with the exception of E.E. Smith, with the Clerk and
City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the Claim of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
against the Salt Lake R.R. Co, for street work between Main street and the Salt Lake Depot for

the sum of $410.00 as returned to said City by said Company with instruction that the same should

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada,.

April 13th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the said City of Las Vegas
Nevada held on the 13th, day of April A.D. 1914 pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
and all members of the Board except E.E. Smith, with the Clerk and City Attorney present.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
April 23rd. A.D. 1914.