Consideration was given to the application of Frank & Irene Layne to operate a doctor's
office at 201 South 8th Street. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment
subject to the installation of off-site improvements.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a re-
gular meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of Frank
and Irene Layne for use permit to operate a doctor's office at 201 South 8th; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Frank and Irene
Layne for use permit to operate a doctor's office at 201 South 8th Street subject to
installation of off-site improvements be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent : Commissioner Sharp.

The Board considered the application of Gladys and George White to establish real estate
office at 500 South 4th. This application was denied by the Board of Adjustment on the
basis that sufficient off-street parking cannot be provided.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of Gladys and
George White to establish real estate office at 500 South 4th; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Gladys and George
White for use permit to operate a doctor's office at 201 South 8th Street be and the same
is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application for use permit of Clark County Sheriff's
Mounted Posse to build a clubhouse on Washington between Bruce & 5th Streets, 5 acres. The
Board of Adjustment recommended this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of Clark County
Sheriff's Mounted Posse for use permit to build a clubhouse on Washington between Bruce and
5th Streets, 5 acres; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Clark County
Sheriff's Mounted Posse for use permit to build a clubhouse on Washington between Bruce
and 5th Streets, 5 acres be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Dr. John M. Montgomery to operate one professional
at 224 South 8th Street. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject
to the installation of off-site improvements, off-street parking and erection of wall on
north side of property.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be approved and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of Dr. John M.
Montgomery for use permit to operate one professional office at 224 South 8th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. John M.

Montgomery for use permit to operate one professional office at 224 South 8th be and the
same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT -U-22-56
Frank & Irene
Layne

USE PERMIT -U-23-56
Gladys & George
White

USE PERMIT -U-24-56
Clark County Sheriff's
Mounted Posse

USE PERMIT -U-25-56
Dr. John M. Montgomery