BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that before such transfer shall become effective the said
Koebig & Koebig shall execute and deliver to said City of Las Vegas a full release of any and
all claims, demands and liabilities whatsoever against the said City by reason of the execut-
ion of said contract or by reason of any services heretofore performed by said firm there-
under, or otherwise.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that before said transfer shall be effective the said Web-
ster L. Benham shall enter into an agreement in writing, supplemental to and as a part of
said agreement of date September 27, 1929, upon the terms and conditions embraced in a draft
of such supplemental agreement presented to the Board of Commissioners of said City on this
24th day of January, 1931, which draft of supplemental agreement has thereon the initials of
the City Clerk of said City on behalf of said City and the initials of said Webster L. Ben-
ham, on his own behalf, for the purpose of identification of the terms of the proposed
supplemental agreement.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk furnish to said Koebig and Koebig and
to said Webster L. Benham a certified copy of this Resolution under the seal of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and
German, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 27th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and Smith together with the Citv
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of recessed regular meetings held on the 20th and 21st of January and a Special
Called meeting held on the 23rd day of January and recessed until the 24th day of January
read and approved as read.

further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 30th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 30th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Law
Vegas, held on the 30th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and Smith together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Commissioners Thomas was appointed by the Mayor to approve claims that were presented to
the Board for payment at this time, due to the absence of Finance Commissioner German.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
Board approve the amended plat of Auto Park Site same to be signed by the Maor and, and attest
by the Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
Board ratify the execution of the agreement between the City of Las Vegas, and Terry Deskins
for the drilling of a well on the park site. Said agreement was delivered to said parties
January 28th, 1931.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.