And it appearing from the Affidavit of Fred H. Callihan, filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of
which Notice is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 5th day of
April, 1957, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for
vacation and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon and this
Board having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to
said Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor Baker and Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp and Whipple, constituting all members of said Board present
at this meeting, and all members present voting in favor of said vacation,
that the strip of land proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the
public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of
the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be
materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of Hinkle Drive,

A certain street or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, being
more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

The South two (2) feet of the North twenty-five (23) feet of the
East 237.5 feet of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26,

T20S, R61E, MDB&M, Save and Except the East forty (40) feet thereof,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED:	May 8, 1957

APPROVED:

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

At this time Mr. Norrison Beatty of the Credit Bureau of Southern Nevada appeared
before the Commission to request that an ordinance regulating the licensing Col-
lection Agencies in the City be adopted. Mr. Beatty explained that a proposed
ordinance had been before the Commission in the latter part of 1955, but had
been reported unfavorably on December 21, 1955.

Mr. Beatty asked for reconsideration of this proposed ordinance and stated that there
was great need in this area for regulation of this type of business. He advised the
Commission that while there was a requirement that these agencies be licensed by the
State of Nevada the license was relatively easy to obtain.

At the hour of 8:10 P.M. Commissioner Fountain arrived at the meeting.

Discussion followed and the Commission advised Mr. Beatty they would refer this matter
to the City Attorney for the preparation of an ordinance to be presented at the next
regular meeting of the Commission, and referral at that time to a Committee for study.

Mayor Baker announced that this was the time set for the Board of Commissioners to
canvass the ballots cast At the Primary Municipal Election held May 7, 1957 for the
nomination of candidates for the following positions:

Commissioner 2nd Class
Commissioner 4th Class
City Attorney
Municipal Judge

The following errors were found by the Commission while conducting the canvass of
the votes cast:

Precinct No. 2 - For Commissioner 4th Class, Louis P. Maynard
received 11 votes instead of 10.

Precinct No. 30A - For Municipal Judge, Louis Licker received

3 votes instead of None.

Precinct No. 52	- For Municipal Judge, Louis Licker received

6 votes instead of 2.

Precinct No. 63 -  There were 98 votes cast instead of 99 as

reported.

FOR COMMISSIONER 2ND CLASS

WENDELL BUNKER STEVE KOSTELAC JOSEPH HENRY SHEPP

Votes	COMMISSIONER II

Cast_________Precinct__________Bunker____Kostelac_____Shepp

31	1	18	5	6

44	2	19	15	8

60	3	35	8	13

83             4	51	18	9

59	5	37	12	8

130	6	78	28	19

COLLECTION AGENCIES
Ordinance to be
Proposed

CANVASS OF ELECTION
RETURNS

Primary Municipal
Election