Discussion was held with Mr. Searway on the proposed width of H Street,
and the securing of the necessary right of way deeds.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the request of F. E. Searway for the
 rezoning of his property located at 711 H Street from R-# to.R-2 be approved,
conditioned on the securing of the required right of way deeds for a 60
foot street, beginning at a point near Bonanza Road north to the point where
McWilliams intersects H Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

At this time City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the meeting.

HOME OWNERS PERMIT     At this time A. R. Ruppert and Art Angel, Plumbing Inspector appeared before
the Board regarding clarification on the issuance of "Home Owners" Plumbing
	permits.

Discussion was held, but no action was taken on this matter.

At this time Commissioner Bunker arrived at the meeting.

TAXICAB RATES -         At this time the letter from the Las Vegas Taxicab Association, dated August
Request for Increase           22, 1951 regarding the request of the local cab companies for an increase of
fares in the City of Las Vegas was read to the Board.

Public Hearing Set

Commissioner Peccole moved a Public Hearing be held on this matter and the
	Clerk authorized to give the proper notice of this hearing to be held Sept-

ember 19, 1951 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker

FREMONT ADDITION	The request of Dr. Levon Kassabian for the vacation of certain portions of

Request for	the Fremont Addition and rejoinment to other unsubdivided property, along

Vacation	with a report from Fred Eaton dated August 31, 1951 was presented to the

Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above mentioned matter be referred to the
Regional Planning Commission for their study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker

SEWER CONNECTION    Mr. J. M. Smoot of the Las Vegas Race Track Association appeared before the
Board at this time requesting information as to whether or not they might
	connect to the City Sewer. Discussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be tabled. This motion
died for lack of a second.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Engineer, City Manager, head of the
Sewer Plant, head of the Sewer Maintenance Department and the Consulting
Engineer, Mr. S. Perliter be instructed to make a survey of the capacity
of the Oakey Boulevard line and the capacity of our Sewage Treatment Plant,
and report back to the Board on September 19, 1951 with reference to the
Las Vegas Thoroughbred Race Association’s request to connect to the City
Sewer line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker

SEWER CONNECTION	The request of Dr. V. H. Fisher, 2112 E. Charleston, dated September 5, 1951

Dr. V.H. Fisher	to connect to the City sewer was read to the Board at this time.

	Commissioner Jarrett moved the above mentioned request be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker

GARBAGE CONTRACTOR At this time Mr. Murphy of Nevada Sanitation appeared before the Board re-
questing a time when discussion might be held on the contract they have with
	the City for the hauling and disposing of trash and garbage.

The Board agreed on September 14, 1951 at the hour of 8:00 P.M. for this
meeting.

WESTSIDE IMPROVEMENTS Mr. Arthur McCants was present at this time requesting information on the
proposed improvements on the Westside. Mr. McCants was informed that a
meetin has been set for September 19, 1951 to discuss this matter.