ORDINANCE NO. 244	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning

Commission relative to the violation of Ordinance No. 244 by Dr. Louis
Bernkrant be approved and that Dr. Bernkrant be written a letter 

informing him that he is in violation of Ordinance No. 244. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

AUDITING CLAIMS	Commissioner Smith moved that the City Auditor, as soon as he has 

   completed his work in connection with claims or demands, notify the 

commissioner of each department, in writing, that same are ready and
available to audit such accounts or claims as are debits to his 

department and failure of said commissioner to make such audit,prior to the
time set for opening of the meeting at which the said accounts or claims
are to be acted upon by the Board of Commissioners, shall be considered
neglect of duty and construed as non-feasance. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Tinch
voted no.

CERTIFIED PUBLIC	 Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to engage

ACCOUNTANT	a registered certified public accountant from some foreign city at a

cost not to exceed $2,000 after the close of the second quarter of 1943
to audit the books of all merchants and dealers who pay a license tax
to the city, based upon the amount of business transacted in dollars
and cents during the months of January, February and March of 1943,
checking with state records if deemed to be necessary. Motion died for
want of a second.

SPECIAL ACCOUNT	  Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to open a

CITY CLERK	special account with one of the local banks where all the money collected

by her office may be deposited; subject to issuance, against such account, of
checks, where it may be necessary to refund money that has been put up as
a bond which does not mature until some specific act shall be performed
by the City Commissioners. All checks drawn on said account shall be
signed by two parties to be designated by said Board of City Commissioners
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none. Thereafter, His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison appointed
the City Clerk and City Auditor to sign said checks mentioned in the
foregoing motion.

NOTARY PUBLIC	   Commissioner Smith moved that Mr. Cazier be appointed Notary Public

MR. CAZIER	and the City bear the expense. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RECREATION DEPT.	Commissioner Tinch stated that Bryan Bunker had submitted his 

RESIGNATION	 resignation as Chairman of the Recreation Board, due to the fact that he was

BRYAN BUNKER	moving to Salt Lake City. Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the

recommendation of the Recreation Board that Mr. Steven Girard be
appointed to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Bryan L.

Bunker be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

HIGHWAY RIGHT-OF-WAY	Commissioner Clark moved that the deed for public highway right-of-way,

submitted by the State Highway, be approved and the Mayor and the City
Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RESOLUTION	The following resolution was read:

PROPHYLAXIS STATION

RESOLUTION

 BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners, in regular meeting
assembled, that the lease entered into between the City of Las Vegas
and the United States Government, entered into for the period be-
ginning July 1st, 1942, to June the 30th, 1943, for the rent of a
room in the Las Vegas Police Station at a monthly rental of ($15.00)

Fifteen Dollars per month, payable each and every month beginning
with July 1st, 1942, be and the same hereby is approved, and be it

FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Chief of Police be directed to arrange for
the occupation of this room by the United States Medical Corps and
that the City Clerk be directed to advise the Division Engineer of
the War Department at Los Angeles, California, that said room is
available, and

FURTHER, that the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to sign
said lease and such supporting papers as may be necessary.

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

U.S.O. BUILDING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent obtain cement blocks

WESTSIDE	 for the purpose of placing a foundation beneath the U.S.O. building

on Westside and that Commissioner Tinch be allowed to have the work done.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner
Rubidoux voted no.

GAMING AND LIQUOR	 Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming and liquor 

RENEWALS	applications be renewed: