O.	J. Smith be and he is hereby declared to the duly elected Commissioner of the First Class of
the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and be it further RESOLVED that the city clerk
be and he is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said O. J. Smith. Voting
on said Resolution; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor

J.	F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that W. B. Mundy has received the highest number

of votes cast for the office of Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas, BE IT

RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. C. German, that the

said W. B. Mundy, be and he is hereby declared elected to the office of the Commissioner of the

Second Class of the City of Las Vegas, and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he

is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said W. B. Mundy. Voting on said
Resolution; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, Roy Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that W. C. German has received the highest number
of votes cast for the office of Commissioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, BE IT
RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, that the
said W. C. German, be and he is hereby declared elected to the office of the Commissioner of the
Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he
is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said W. C. German. Voting on said
Resolution: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that Roy Neagle has received the highest number
of votes cast for the office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, BE IT
RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner W. C. German, that the
said Roy Neagle, be and he is hereby declared elected to the office of the Commissioner of the
Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he
is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said Roy Neagle. Voting on said
Resolution: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon O. J. Smith, Commissioner of Streets, submitted to the Board an itemized state-
ment of moneys expended out of the general Street Fund in the maintenance of the Federal Aid
paved highway on Main and Fifth street in said City during the month of March, 1927, as follows:

Respectfully submitted

J. P. King

City Street Sup't. L.K.

which report was signed by J. P. King, City Street Superintendent, and said Commissioner re-
quested that the General Street Fund be reimbursed from the Highway Bond Fund for Said ex-
penditures.

THEREUPON, on motion of W. B. Mundy and seconded by O. J. Smith it was RESOLVED THAT
the sum of $1534.88, moneys advanced by the General Street Fund on behalf of the Federal Aid
Paved Highway, be transferred by the City Treasurer from the Highway Bond Fund to the Gen-
eral Street Fund and that a copy of this Resolution , certified by the City Clerk, be de-