HEALTH OFFICERS

APPOINTED

  ROBERT STANTON
 Contract Terminated

PAYROLL CLAIMS

 SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

ZONE CASE NUMBER 10
Mrs. I. M. Williamson
212 South 6th St.
Hawkins Addition -
Lost 27 & 28 - Blk.4

las Vegas, Nevada
January 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of January, 1946. Meeting called to
order at the hour of 2 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy;
and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney

C.	Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 653 to
661 inclusive in the net sum of $17,87.20 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants
Nos 660 to 663 inclusive in the sum of $58,725.34 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission - RE: Zoning Case 10 be approved, and
a business license be granted to Howard Hill and Charles
F. Bryant for a Radiator Service at 212 South 6th Street,
in accordance with the provisions recommended by the
Planning Commission which are as follows, to-wit:

(1)	All buildings or structures hereafter constructed comply
with the requirements of Fire Zone #1.

(2)	That said lots be subject to only such uses stipulated
in the petition, but that the operations intended shall not
in elude any use which emits dust, gas, smoke, fumes, odors,
or vibrations which might be detrimental to the general
welfare of the neighborhood or the City as a whole.

(3)	All operations to be inside of buildings on premises.

(4)	No vehicles or other equipment to be worked on or
serviced outside of the building or parked in the public
alleys or streets.

(5)	All equipment used in connection with such uses be
connected with the sanitary sewer.

(6)	One unlighted sign shall be permitted which sign shall
face the alley only.

(7)	No storage of contractors equipment, etc., in yard or
property but such storage on the sale described, may be
permitted inside of the existing building at the rear of
the property.

(8)	That this permit be granted for a period of six months
from the date of issuance, after which time the same shall
be either renewed or revoked depending upon the petitioners
compliance with said conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the

Commissioner Clark moved that Dr. Smith be appointed 

temporary Health Officer to fill vacancy of Dr. Morgan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the contract with Robert Stanton
for Architectural work on the Fire Station be terminated
in compliance with Mr. Staton’s request and that the City
Manager be directed to address a letter to Mr. Stanton 

notifying him of the termination of said agreement as of this
date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time the meeting adjourned.