Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Thereupon said meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 16th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County, Nevada held on the 16th day of September 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of September 4th and 12th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioners Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos. 398 to 402 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The application of Paul Walters Inc. for license to operate five (5) U-Drive-It cars was
presented to the Board accompanied with insurance policies covering same as provided in Ord. 254
of the City of Las Vegas. Said Cars to operate from the El Rio Garage.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that license for the operation of 5 U-Drive-It cars be granted to Paul Walters Inc.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The paying of repairs to the car owned by Dick Leavitt, a member of the Las Vegas Volunteer
Fire Dept. was considered at this time. Mr. Leavitt's car was badly damaged as he was making
an answer to a fire call.

On motion of Commissioner Krause, seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the City allow the sum of $300.00 toward the repairing of Mr. Leavitt's car.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of a magneto for the Police Dept ware opened at this time and on
motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
the bid of the Motor Supply Co for the purchase of a magneto, purchase price $48.00 be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of 10,000 gals of road oil were opened at this time and on motion of
Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the bid of
the Union Oil Co. be accepted. Bid price for 10,000 gals. $396.70.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the report of Municipal Judge A.G. Blad for the month of August be accepted. Fines
collected for the month $347.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of tires were opened at this time and on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was roved and carried that the City purchase two
(2) tires from Ralph Purdy, price $47.58 and two tubes from A.C.Grants price $6.50.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that Clarence Stay be granted annual leave of absence Sept. 5th to 19th, 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted H. C. Shugart and to Overland Drug Co. also that the
Kiva Club be granted one roulette game and one twenty-one game. The license for the Kiva Club
being for the 4th quarter year and said application being approved by the acting Chief of
Police Harry Miller.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The application of Gay Meyers for permission to operate the Petrolane Gas Service on No.

Main Street was presented to the Board.

No action was taken on this matter at this time, Mayor Russell appointing Commissioners
Krause and Ronnow as a Committee to investigate safety ordinances in effect in other City with
the idea in mind of adopting a similar ordinance for the City of Las Vegas.

Dr. York City Health Officer appeared before the Board in regard to sanitary conditions
in the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.