CLUB EBONY - Gaining
License Transfer



MINUTES

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



PUBLIC HEARING -
Amendments to
Master Plan

ZONE VARIANCE #81
Dr. J. C. Cherry



CORK 'N BOTTLE - Report
on New Managers

FLY & MOSQUITO CONTROL
Proposal

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of February, 1950
was called to order at the hour of 3:25 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager
George O. Treem, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

At this time Mr. Harry Claiborne, representing Mr. Boysie Ensley of the Club Ebony in
his request to transfer his gaming license from 601 Jackson to 320 Monroe, appeared be-
fore the Board. His Honor explained that it would be necessary for Mr. Ensley to obtain a
zone variance before the Board could grant the transferral of this license.

Commissioner Moore moved the Minutes of January 20 and 24, 1950 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner. Peccole and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1105 to 1107 inclusive in the net sum
of $25,825.58 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner. Whipple, and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Whipple, Peccole. and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioner Moore moved that Service and. Material Warrants Nos,. 1505 to 1908 inclusive
in the total amount of $25,887.25. and Warrant. No. 1909 for. $90,504.58 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for hearing on the proposed amendments to the Master Plan of the
City of Las Vegas, the following petitions for rezoning were considered:

(1)	Rezoning of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 3, T, 21 S. R. 61 E., M.D.B.& M
from "RE" to "R1".

His Honor asked if there were any present who wished to protest the rezoning of the
above described property.	. .... ,. ............. .......

There being no one present who protested, Commissioner Bunker moved the rezoning of the
above described property, amending the Master Plan, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner. Moore. and carried by the. following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

(2)	The next rezoning petition to be considered by the Board of Commissioners

was the rezoning of the North side of Stewart Avenue, from 5th Street to
the alley between 12th and 13th Streets from "R-1", "R-3”, and "R-4” to
"C-2".	......................................

His Honor asked if any one present wished to protest the rezoning of this property.

There being no one present who protested, Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing
proposed amendment to the Master Plan be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Moore.

(3)	The deepening of the Commercial Zone from 150 feet to 200 feet on Fifth
Street, from the intersection of the west line of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of
Section 3 with the east Right of Way line of 5th Street, thence NE 451.03
feet, was next considered.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this amendment to the
Master Plan.

There being no one present who protested, Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing proposed
amendment be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Regional
Planning Commission contained in their letter of January 19, 1950, the request of Dr. J.

C. Cherry for zone variance of lots 10, 11 and 12, Block 29, South Addition from "R-l” to
"R-2", allowing the erection of a duplex dwelling be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The report of the Police Department on their investigation of Mr. & Mrs. Frank Pimentel,
new managers of the Cork 'N Bottle, 508 Fremont was ordered filed.

Commissioner Moore moved the proposal of the Superior Sanitary Service for the control of
flies and mosquitoes be referred to the City Manager,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.