MOTORCYCLE rentals
T.W.A. lease

T.W.A. - proposed
auxiliary building

GOLF CLUB ASS'N.

CHECKS-accompanying
fire station bids

ELECTRICAL BOARD
BIDS-steam cleaner

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to negotiate with motorcycle officers
for use of their own motorcycles on a rental basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that after December 31,

1944, the T. W. A. deal directly with the City of
Las Vegas and any money due the City of Las Vegas,
after the lease is agreed upon, will be made
retroactive to January 1, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to negotiate with T. W. A. for proposed
auxiliary building, if location meets with approval
of Air Corps, C.A.A. and conforms with Western Air
plan for expansion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that proposition No. 3 as
submitted by the Las Vegas Gold Club Association,
as follows: "That the City lease to the proposed
corporation sufficient ground upon which to erect a
Club House to cost, with furnishings, at least
$25,000, which said corporation agrees to erect,
and the City agree to maintain the present golf
course for the term of said lease, in a proper and
suitable manner, with a minimum expenditure on the
part of the City to be $8,000 per annum." be
accepted by the Board of City Commissioners, if and
when a proper lease-agreement is reached between
the Board of City Commissioners and the Las Vegas
Golf Club Association.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the checks accompany-
ing the bids of Ira Godring and Stock's Mills be
returned to them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, and Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the
Electrical Board of Examiners of December 13, 1944
be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
be the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

At the time, bids for a steam cleaner were
opened from the following firms:

Motor Supply Co.	$595.00

Keelite Prod. Inc,	$628.70

Turco Prod.	$640.00

General Auto Supply	$635.00

Commissioner Smith 	moved that the bid of Motor Supply

Company of $595.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent Commissioner Clark.