Las Vegas, Nevada
September 16, 1943

 	At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of

September, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor the Mayor, E. W. Cragin
with the following members present:	Mayor Cragin; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and Smith; City Auditor, Mac Cazier:	City Attorney, Louis Wiener, 

Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

MINUTES	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting of September

APPROVED	the 2nd be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and

carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers #3285 to #3442, inclusive, be approved.

3285 to 3442	 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:

INCLUSIVE	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes

none.

T. M. CARROL	Commissioner Clark moved that the request of Mr. T. M. Carrol for the 

RECONVEYANCE  	reconveyance of certain land which previously had been deeded by him to the City 

OP CERTAIN LAND 	of Las Vegas for recreational purposes and which is not now being used for said

purpose, be deeded to Mr. Carrol after the description has been approved by
the City Attorney, further that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to
sign the deed upon the approval of the City Attorney. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

TRANSCONTINENTAL Notice of renewal of lease for an additional period of twelve months from
AND WESTERN	  October 1, 1943 to September 30, 1944 having been received from the 

AIR, INC.	  Transcontinental and Western Air Lines, Inc., upon recommendation of the City 

Attorney, said lease was renewed on the same terms and conditions as the 

original lease of December 31, 1942.

C.A.A. CONTRACT  	Pursuant to notice of renewal of contract #C6 CA-846, Commissioner Clark moved

#C6 CA-846	 	that said contract be renewed for the period beginning July 1, 1943 and ending

RENEWED	June 30, 1944, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to execute said renewal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

FISH AND WILD  	Commissioner Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas deed to the United States

LIFE SERVICE	 	Department of the Interior, Fish and Wild Life Service, sixty (60) acres of

SITE DEEDED	land, being the fish hatchery station located just west of the golf grounds.

BY CITY	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

JOINT PLANNING     Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to acknowledge
COMMISSION BUDGET   receipt of the letter from the County Clerk stating the action of the Board

of County Commissioners regarding the budget of the Joint Planning Commission
for the year ending Dec. 31, 1943 and that said letter be spread on the
minutes of the Board of City Commissioners and a copy sent to the Planning
Commission. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor 

voting aye; noes none.

"COUNTY OF CLARK

OFFICE OF THE CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
September 15, 1943

Honorable E. W. Cragin
Mayor, City of Las Vegas
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Dear Sir:

This is to confirm the action of the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, at a meeting thereof held
September 15, 1943, approving the budget
of the Joint Planning Board for the year
ending December 31, 1943, as approved by
the City of Las Vegas, in the sum of
$8,771.38, and the Board agreeing to
assume one half of said amount or one half
of the actual expense, provided said
actual expense does not exceed the amount
of the budget.

Yours very truly,

(S) Lloyd S. Payne
LSP/f	County Clerk"