209

PARADISE PARK
Tentative Map

CADILLAC ARMS
Tentative Map

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative Map of Paradise Park be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Cadillac Arms be approved subject to the installation
of the property sewage system as approved by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUBDIVISION REQUIRE- Commissioner Whipple moved that in all future subdivisions that come before the Planning Commission
MENTS Sewerage Systems and City Commission be provided with adequate, approved gravity flow sewerage systems as well as
 water, power and other utilities.

VARIANCE Chester Quadara

VARIANCE
John Louque

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Emma and Chester Quadara
for variance to permit the construction of the three apartments and one single - family house at 122
Boston, was presented to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 1st day of December, Emma and Chester Quadara filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct two-three unit apartments with a
single unit in the rear on a lot less than 7,000 feet in area located at 122 Boston on Lots 29 and 30 of Block 5 in the Meadows Addition, in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

 WHEREAS, on December 11, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on December 11, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
inasmuch as this immediate area is built up with motels and other multiple constructions; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on December 17, 1952,
recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IE RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Emma and Chester Quadara be granted a variance to construct two-three unit apartments with a
single unit in the rear on a lot less than 7,000 feet in area located at. 122 Boston be and the same
hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Gladys and
John Louque to construct twenty-eight units on the southeast corner of 11th and Bridger was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

#365

WHEREAS, on the 24th day of November, 1952, John E. and Gladys Louque filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission to construct 28 dwelling units on a lot 140 by 200 feet located
at the southeast comer of eleventh and Bridger Streets in a R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on December 11, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on December 11, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission approved the application as they
did not feel that this use would be detrimental to surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on December 17, 1952, recommend
ing that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that John E. and Gladys Louque be granted a variance to construct 28 dwelling units on a lot 140 by 200
feet, situated on the southeast corner of eleventh and Bridger Street in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use
District; be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor. Commissioner Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
Commissioners Jarrett and Peccole passed their votes; noes, none.

VARIANCE	Consideration was given the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of

Thomas Beam	Thomas Beam for variance to permit the construction of a motel on Lots 9 to 12 inclusive of Block 3,

Meadows Addition.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

#366

WHEREAS, on the 29th day of October, 1952, Thomas Beam filed an application with the regional
Planning commission to construct a motel on property located on the south side of Baltimore Avenue and
West of Fifth Street, described as Lots 9, 10, 11 and 12 in Block 3 of Meadows Addition; and

WHEREAS, on December 11, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications, protesting the
granting of said variance were received; and