Section 4. The City Clerk of the Local Public Agency is hereby
authorized and directed forthwith to send to the Housing and Home
Finance Agency two certified copies of the proceedings of the Local
Public Agency in connection with the adoption of this Resolution,
together with two certified copies of this Resolution, and such fur-
ther documents or proofs in connection with the acceptance of said
offer as may be requested by the Government.

Section 5. The Coordinator of Urban Renewal is hereby author-
ized to file requisitions, together with necessary supporting docu-
ments, with the Government, from time to time as Advance funds are
required, requesting payments to be made to the Local Public Agency
on account of the Advance provided for in said offer, and to do and
perform all other things and acts required to be done or performed
in order to obtain such payments.

Section 6. This Resolution shall take effect immediately.

Commissioner Bunker then moved the adoption of the Resolution as in-
troduced and read. Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion, and, on
roll call the following voted "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,

Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple; and the following voted
"Nay":	None. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem thereupon declared the motion carried and the Re-
solution adopted as introduced and read.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Director of Planning Franklin Bills be
appointed as Coordinator of Urban Renewal and authorized to perform
those duties designated in Section 5 of the foregoing resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission the deficiencies in McNeil
Park Subdivision have been completed, and recommended the subdivision be
accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Bunker moved that McNeil Park Subdivision be accepted and the
bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the acceptance and release of bond on the
Plunkett Industrial Tract. Field Engineer Hansen reported the flood
lights in lieu of a street light as approved by the Commission on July
17, 1957, has been installed and inspected, and recommended this sub-
division be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Plunkett Industrial Tract be accepted
and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the acceptance of the Additions and Alterations
to the City Jail. Field Engineer Hansen reported that the construction
has been completed, the deficiencies that existed have been worked on,
and the Engineering Department has a letter from Architect Harry H.

Whitely recommending that the building be accepted. Mr. Hansen also re-
quested that final payment to the contractor, Ben O. Davey in the amount
of $10,582.88 be authorized. It was further recommended that the per-
formance bond on this project not be released for a period of one year.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that legally the City could
retain the performance bond. He stated that the contract does provide
a guaranty period conditioned on faithful performance during the period
of guarantee, which would remain in force and effect during the full
guarantee period for one year; with the exception of the roof construc-
tion which guarantee period is two years.

Mr. Cannon further advised that the Contractor could file a bond of a
lesser amount if he so desired.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation to accept the construction
of the Additions and Alterations to the City Jail be approved and that
final payment to Ben O. Davey in the amount of $10,582.88 be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

URBAN RENEWAL
Coordinator

MC NEIL PARK -
Acceptance & Bond
Release

PLUNKETT INDUSTRIAL
TRACT

Acceptance & Bond
Release

CITY JAIL ALTERATIONS
& ADDITIONS
Acceptance