CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA.

DECEMBER 17th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 17th day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Dr. Roy Martin, O.A. Kimball, and A.B. Witcher, of the Las Vegas Realty Board
appeared before the Board of Commissioners, with a plan for the improvement of the City
Park site, and ask that the Board take steps in the near future for the improvement of
said park if in only a small way, so that trees might be planted, and water secured, The
Board informed this committee that they looked with favor on said plan, and would see if
water could be secured before going a head with the tree planting.

Mr. Mc Griff, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners appeared before the
Board, and stated that arrangements were being made to move the office of the Deputy Super-
intends from the ground floor of the County Court House to the New High
School building, and that the Office of the City Clerk could be in that office, and the
present office used by the City Clerk would be turned into a court room.

At this time eleven petitions were filed With the Board petitioning for the
Improvement of certains streets in the City of Las Vegas as follows:

Fifth Street from Stewart Street to North line Bucks Subdiv.

Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to Garces Street.

Seventh Street from Linden Avenue to Garces Street.

Eight Street from Stewart Street to Clark Street.

Ninth Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street.

Tenth Street from South line Grandview Add. to Carson Street.

Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Ninth Street.

Stewart Street from Main Street to Tenth Street.

Ogden Street  from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street.

Fremont Street  from Eighth Street to Twelfth Street.

Carson Street from Fifth Street to Tenth Street.

Bridger Street from Fifth Street to Ninth Street.

Lewis Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street.

Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street.

Bonneville Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street.

Garces  Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street.

Said petitions were circulated by the following persons: A. E. Cahlan, J. D. Smith, Tom
Harland, C. D. Baker, S. R. Whitehead, Ryan & Cantrall, Frank Wait, Van Santongue, Mrs.
Carmichael, W.L. Mc Lallen, O.A. Kimball, O.W. Yates, and C.C. Boyer.

The Clerk was directed to check said petitions, as to the owners of said pro-
perty in said district, the Attorney was directed to draw up a notice of intention, and
City Engineer Thompson was directed to prepare plats, and total estimate of cost, and
present same at next Board meeting.

If the required number of property owners on Sixth, and Seventh Streets from
Garces Street to Charleston Drive desired to be included in said improvement district
they are privileged to do so. Same to be ascertained before the notice of intention is
published.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 19th day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 19th, 1930.

At recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

At this time the Clerk reported to the Board on the checking of petitions for
street improvement, and it was fond that about 59 of the property owners in the district
petitioning for paving had signed said petitions. It was also found necessary to create
four separate improvement districts in said district so as to have the property properly
assessed.

The City Engineer had ready to place on file plats of said districts, and esti-
mates of coasts, in the office of the Clerk, and the City Attorney had prepared a notice
of intention.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was