REZONING APPLICATION
Anthony Magrini

PUBLIC HEARING
Street Name Change
Beverly Dr. to Bellrose St.



PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

PUBLIC HEARING

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Mm & Leanna Chadwick

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Anthony Magrini to rezone
a portion of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 20; T20S, R6lE; MDB&M, which is located
west of 5th Street and south of Washington Avenue from R-1 to R-4.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the public hearing on this application
be set for May 5, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the street name
change from Beverly Drive to Bellrose Street, that certain street situated in
the SW¼ of Section 29, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, off the Tonopah Highway, the matter
was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed street name change.
There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the street name change from Beverly Drive
to Bellrose Street be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, there have been requests to rename BEVERLY DRIVE, located
off Tonopah Highway; and

WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission of
Las Vegas, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas, Nevada made its
recommendations to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
that the name of said street be changed after consideration thereof; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
set a public hearing on the proposed change of street name and gave notice
thereof as required by law, which public hearing was duly held on the 7th
day of April, 1954; and

WHEREAS, at said public hearing all persons were given an opportunity
to protest and be heard; and

WHEREAS, the following proposed name change met with the approval
of all persons in attendance at said public hearing and met with the approval
of this Commission and the Commission finds that said name change will
facilitate mail deliveries, aid in locating various properties, and will assist
the Fire Department and Police Department in carrying out their duties.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th day
of March, 1954, that the name of the street herein described be and the same
hereby changed as follows:

That certain street situated in the SW¼ of Section 29,

T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, off the Tonopah Highway, as recorded
in Book I Page 102 of Clark County Records, be changed
to BELLROSE STREET.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be signed by
the Mayor, attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark County
Recorder as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the recommendation
of the Planning Commission to rezone Lots 7 and 8, Block 13, HFM&N Addition, gener-
ally located on the southwest comer of Monroe and "E" Streets from R-4 to C-2,
the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were no
objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved Lots 7 and 8, Block 13, HFM&N Addition,
generally located on the southwest comer of Monroe and "E" Streets be rezoned
from R-4 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of William
and Leanna Chadwick on the denial of their variance application to construct and
maintain accessory living quarters with a kitchen to within five feet of the
rear property line on Lot 21, Block 20, Huntridge Tract No. 4, generally described
as 1610 South 13th Street, the matter was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing be continued until April 21, 1954,
at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.