BID NO. 50.14.	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 50.14, Batteries, bids were received

Batteries	from the following firms:

|	Don & Bob’s Motor Service	General Auto Parts

U. S. Tire Supply	Herb Hill

Clark County Wholesale

Commissioner Moore moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Comptroller
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 50.8 & 50.12            Commissioner Peccole moved that Bid No. 50.8, Regular Gasolene and Bid No. 50.12, Ethyl
Award	gasoline for the period of March 10, 1950 to March 9, 1951 be awarded to the low bidder,

 	Shell Oil Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Police

Twin Lakes	Department the application of Richard St. John for a Retail Restaurant Beverage liquor

license at Twin Lakes Farm be granted.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	-	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Police

Sam’s Saloon	Department the request of Sam Stearns to add the name of Katherine Russe to his license

Additional Name	at Sam’s Saloon, 113 North 1st Street be granted.

 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOLICITOR’S LICENSE         Commissioner Moore moved that Mrs. Helen Manvill be given permission to solicit orders
Helen Manville	for her magazine "Child Activities" for a license fee of $5.00 per quarter for herself

and each solicitor. At the end of this second quarter Mrs. Manville is to submit a report
 	to the Board of her collections so the Board can determine if this is a reasonable fee.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS SKEET CLUB      Commissioner Bunker moved that the letter under date of March 13, 1950 from the Las Vegas
Golf Association relative to the request of the Las Vegas Skeet Club to build a clubhouse
 	be referred to the Regional Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

RESOLUTION - Property           Commissioner Whipple moved the following Resolution thanking the Property Owners Association
Owners Association                 for inviting the Board of Commissioners to attend their recent meeting and giving them the
 	opportunity to answer questions on City affairs, be adopted:

 

 	RES OLUTION

 

WHEREAS, the Property Owners Association invited the Board of City Commissioners
to attend their meeting on the 14th day of March, 1950, to discuss problems relating to City
Government;

WHEREAS, the several Commissioners were given an opportunity to present various
problems confronting the City;

WHEREAS, helpful suggestions were received from the Property Owners Association
by the Board of Commissioners;

WHEREAS, such meetings are for the best interests of the City;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of  

Las Vegas, at a meeting thereof, held on the 22nd day of March, 1950, by this Resolution,
express its gratitude to the Property Owners Association for the opportunity of meeting
with them and discussing the various problems that are so vital to the City and its
inhabitants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission con-
00, - Substation	tained in their letter dated March 21, 1950 concerning the request of the Southern

Nevada Power Company to place a substation in the NW¼, NW¼ of Section 33, T 20 S, T 61
 	E be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, hone.

PARADISE VILLAGE TRACT    Commissioner Whipple moved the	 recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission to

#1 -	Final	Map	accept the final amp of	 Paradise Village Tract No. 1 be referred back to the Regional

Planning Commission with the recommendation that sidewalks and street lights be required
 	in this subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.