8/16/37 Continued;;

The bids on tires were referred to Purchasing agent C. D. Baker who in turn made
check of all bids received being bids from A. C. Grant, Community Chevrolet Co and
Firestone Tire and Rubber Co. Mr. Baker then made recommendation that the bid from
A. C. Grant be accepted as it was the low bid being in the amount of $421.83 for

12 - 8 ply 7;00 / 20 Heavy duty all weather truck tires 31.10 - $373.20 and
12 - 7;00/20 Heavy Duty Truck Tubes @ 4.77 $57.24 less 2% in 30 days. Upon motion
of Commissioner Ronnow and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that the bid
from A. C. Grant be accepted. Vote being. Commissioner Krause, Marble and Ronnow and
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye Noes None Absent Commissioner Perry.

At this time A. W. Blackman asked of the Board what disposition should be made of
the funds regularly collected at the Municipal Plunge, and was advised that all funds
collected should be deposited with the City Clerk, for deposit to the general city funds.
Commissioner Ronnow suggested that the board investigate the statement Mr. Lorenzie made
at a previous meeting regarding the cut in prices made by the Municipal Plunge under the
going prices the private swimming pools had established and all agreed to look into the
matter.

Commissioner Marble then asked the board if it was their understanding that the salary
of the City Engineer should be raised to $300.00 per. month, that he understood from pre-
vious discussions that it would be. Mayor Arnett then stated that there had been no agree-
ment to raise his salary at the present time, and that the City Engineer would be allowed
to continue his private practise under the same salary now paid until the first of the
year at which time the new budget is adopted. That under the present economy programme
which the commission has been forced it would be impossible to make the increase in
salary. The Mayor also stressed the fact that cuts in expenditures had been made on every
hand even to the extent that some departments had been forced to reduce the number of employees
 they had. The salaries of the City Treasurer and City Assessor were discussed and
on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that they
both be reduced $25.00 per month. Vote being Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None. Absent Commissioner Perry. -

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 23rd, day of August 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 23, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 23rd, day of August 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present; Mayor L. L. Arnett, Commissioners Herbert Krause, H. P. Marble, H. L.

Perry and Joe S. Ronnow, City Attorney Harry H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk LeRoy
Whipple.

Absent : - City Clerk Viola Burns.

On motion of Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved
and carried that one slot machine license be granted to The Vegas Sweet Shoppe for
location at 223 North First Street and One Slot Machine Machine License be granted to
Ethel Rapoport for location at 120 Fremont Street - Vote on same being Commissioners,

Marble, Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None Absent Commissioner
 Krause.

It was suggested that the monthly rental due Sam Shaw on the 24th of each month
for use of the municipal plunge be acted on with the regular monthly bills, so presented
usually at the 4th of the month meeting and that the warrant be held until the ac-
tual due date before presentation for payment to Mr. Shaw. That in this manner the
bill would usually be paid on due date without being carried over until the first of
the month following before it could be acted on.

Mr. C. J. Mackey, Local manager WPA appeared before the board at this time with
certain reports and records purported to cover use of city equipment and materials
used on the various WPA projects within the city from records which he claimed should
have been furnished by the City, but which he had been furnishing himself. He so stated
that he asked the Board of City Commissioners as well as Mr. Marble and Mr. Baker verbally re-
garding. reports to be made by the City Government on WPA projects. The Board of City
Commissioners and Mr. Marble, and Mr. Baker collectively and Individually denied any
such understanding, that they knew nothing of such a report requested until a letter
from Mr. Gilbert C. Ross - State Administrator WPA under date of August 14, 1937 wherein
form 710b was mentioned, was the first information that such a report was requested.
Thereupon Commissioner Marble made motion and was seconded by Commissioner Ronnow, that
the City Clerk write Mr. Mackey asking for copies of reports furnished by his office to
Mr. Gilbert C. Ross - State Administrator W.P.A. covering all WPA projects in the City
to date as so sponsored by the City.

Vote on same being, Commissioners, Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the
Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None -

There being no further business before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
and adjourned until Monday the 30th, day of August 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.