Las Vegas, Nevada
August 1, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 1st day of August, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	John G. Spann

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Asst. Planning Dirct.      Shawnee Stewart
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

This being the time set for the owners of Charlie's Liquor Store and Beer Bar, 1511
South Main Street to be present to show cause why their package liquor license should
not be revoked for sale of liquor for consumption on the premises, Mayor Baker asked
if Messrs. Elias and Fred Atol were present.

Mr. Art W. Ham, Jr., representing the owners of Charlie's Liquor Store appeared and ad-
vised the Commission that Mr. Fred Atol was here and Mr. Elias Atol would be here presently.

Mr. Ham stated to the Commission that since receiving notice to appear at this meeting
that the sale of miniatures in the liquor store had been placed in a locked compartment
so that only the owners could dispense this liquor.

When questioned by the Board, Mr. Fred Atol stated that he could not deny that he had
been present and was aware of the fact that miniatures were being sold and consumed by
the customers on the premises.

At this time Mr. Elias Atol arrived at the meeting and verified that he had been personally
warned about this violation several months ago.

Discussion followed.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the operation of Charlie's Liquor Store be placed under
the direct supervision of Elias Atol and that the disposition of miniatures not be
handled by the bartenders.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay;e noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Johnie Lane for license for a Race Horse
Book at the Hollywood Race Book, 115 North 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the addition of George Stillwaugh to the Race Horse Book license
for the Derby Turf Club, 113 South 1st Street issued to Dave Stearns and Louis Nier be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the addition of Horace G. Bartlett to the slot machine operators
license of Buckley's Inc. with John Buckley, to replace P. J. Buckley, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Tom Rolofson for renewal of the license
for 2 slot machines at the Clark Dairy, 1006 North Main, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the notification of the Spinning Wheel Corporation that Con-
stance Lupino has purchased a 5% interest in the Silver Palace, 1st and Fremont. The
Police Department reported that Mrs. Lupino has been investigated and cleared.

Commissioner Fountain moved this notification be accepted and the report filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Frank X. Brownhofer for a Restaurant
Beverage liquor license at the Steak House, 122 South 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SHOW CAUSE HEARING
Charlie's Liquor
Store & Beer Bar

GAMING APPLICATIONS
NEW

Hollywood Race Book
CHANGE

Derby Turf Club

BUCKLEY'S INC.

RENEWAL



Silver Palace
LIQUOR APPLICATION