Commissioner Smith was duly sworn and testified regarding the matter.

Commissioner Clark moved that the testimony taken during this hearing be transcribed
and presented to the commissioners for further study. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by unanimous vote.

Thereafter, the meeting adjourned.

APPROVED:

MAYOR.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JUNE 4, 1942

Regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners called to order by Mayor Howell
C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. City Attorney, Paul Ralli, City Auditor, A. W. Blackman,

Deputy Clerk, LeRoy Whipple and city clerk, Helen Scott Reed.



Minutes of the previous meetings of May 16, 18th and 22nd and 25th were read and ordered corrected
as follows: Minutes of the 22nd to show 10,000 gallons of road oil instead of 10,000
tons as appears on Page 482 in the second paragraph. Thereafter, said minutes were approved
as corrected.

Commissioner Clark moved that warrants 685 to 693 inclusive be approved, and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The bid of the Western Heating and Ventilating Company for a stove for the city library was
the only bid received.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of Western Heating and Ventilating Company in the
sum of $100 with a turn in of the old stove be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for septic tank or cess pool at the airport
for the convenience of the Airport Administration Building. Mr. Brown make up specifications.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Municipal Judge for the month of May in the
sum of $2528.50 be accepted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The Reports of Mr. Norton, Building Inspector, Mr. Elser, Plumbing Inspector, Mr. Malone
city electrical inspector and Mr. Sargent, License collector were read and ordered filed.

A letter from Al Drew stating that Arthur Wiley, C. W. Broomhead and Paul Schrepfer had
passed the Master Electrician's examination and were eligible for city licenses as such.

Commissioner Smith moved that said men be granted a city license. Motion seconded by Com-
missioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Mint Club for a gaming license at
129 Fremont be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch. Noes, Commissioner Smith. Passed, Mayor
Garrison.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of John D. Anton for a retail beverage
license at 1503 S. 5th Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Katie Mayorga for a retail beverage
license at 209 N. 2nd Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of B. J. Curto for a slot machine license
at 119 S. 1st Street and the application of E. P. Bihlmaier for 3 slot machine licenses
at 123 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Nevada Cafe for a slot machine license
at 113 N. 1st Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
Following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Smith, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner
Tinch.	

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of R. B. Griffith for a slot machine license
at 129 Fremont be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith. Passed
Mayor Garrison.