office of the City Clerk for use in such improvement and for public examination; and that the

same be endorsed as filed as of this date by such City Clerk, and the same be marked, and 

numbered as follows;

Estimate of expense, together with map of assessment district attached, of an ornament-
al Street lighting system ON Main St. Fremont St; and Fifth St;	

Plan No. 1, consisting of two sheets, numbered, and 2 respectively - as follows:

Sheet No. 1, Ornamental Lighting Plan No. 1 showing the location of lighting standards
and conduit feed point, etc. on Main, Fremont, Fifth Sts; and the proposed assessment district.

Plan No. 2 Showing the design, actual measurements in detail of pipes. dimentions, rein-
forcement construction, foundation to to the ornamental posts. which are oscillatory
 centrifugally cast.

The vote on said resolution was as follows, Commissioner Smith Aye, Commissioner Thomas
Aye, and His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes None.

Notice of Proposed Street lighting System was then read as follows;

Notice of Proposed Street Lighting Improvement in the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, hereby gives
notice to all parties concerned, and interested, and especially to those paries owning property
situated in the district to be assessed, as hereinafter described, that the said Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas intends to construct, erect, and install an ornamental
street lighting system complete, including conduits, cables, standards, lighting units, and all
appurtenances thereto upon these certain streets, and portions of streets hereinafter design-
ated in accordance with plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost, prepared under the direction
of said Board of City Commissioners and on file in the office of the City Clerk for public
examination.

The streets, and portions of streets on which said improvement is to be made and the
location of the work to be done, follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas, Townsite.

The easterly side of Main St; from the northerly side of Bridger St; to the southerly
side of stewart St;

Fremont St; from the easterly side side of Main St; to the westerly side of Fifth St;

The westerly side of Fifth St; from the northerly side of Bridger St; to the southerly
side of Stewart St;

In Hawkin's Addition.

The easterly side of Fifth St; from the northerly side of Bridger to the southerly side
of Stewart St;

The District to be assessed for said improvement is described as follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Lots 1 to 16 both numbers inclusive, in Block 4; lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive,
in Block 3; lots 27 to 31, both numbers inclusive, in block 3. lots 1 to 21, both numbers in-
clusive, in block 2; lots 1 to 16, both number inclusive in Block 1; lots 11 to 22, both num-
ber inclusive, in Block 15; lots 11 to 22, both numbers inclusive in Block 18; lots 11 to 22
both number inclusive, in Block 31; lots 11 to 32, both number inclusive, in Block 34; lots
17 to 32, both numbers inclusive, Block 33; lots 1 to 12, both numbers inclusive, and lots 23
to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block 35; lots 17 to 32, both number inclusive in Block 36;
lots 1 to 12 both numbers inclusive, in Block 30; lots 1 to 12 both numbers inclusive in Block
19; lots 1 to 12. both numbers inclusive in Block 14.



In Hawkin's Addition. 	

Lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive in Block 1; lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive
in Block 2; lots 1 to 6 both number inclusive, and lots 13 to 22, both numbers inclusive,
in Block 3; lots 1 to 16 both numbers inclusive in Block 4.

That all the cost, and expense of constructing, erecting, and installing said orna-
mental street lighting system, is to be defrayed by special assessment to be made according