VARIANCE	The application of Curley Lockett to erect a nine unit multiple dwelling and a neighborhood grocery

Curley Lockett	store in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District, situated at 713 Adams Street. The Regional

Planning Commission recommended approval of a six unit multiple dwelling and go grocery store, provided
 that the existing buildings were removed from the property.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted and the
following resolution adopted.

#353 WHEREAS, on the 15th day of October, 1952, Curley Lockett filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for variance to erect a nine unit multiple dwelling and a neighborhood grocery store
in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 19, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to recommend approval of a
six (6) unit multiple dwelling and no grocery store, provided that the existing buildings were removed
from the property, as they did not feel that this use would be depreciating to the surrounding properties
and

USE PERMIT
Adrien Kuffer



WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 19, 1952, recommending
that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that Curley
Lockett be granted a variance to erect a six (6) unit multiple dwelling and no grocery store, provided
that the existing buildings were removed from the property situated at 713 Adams Street, in an R-l
(Single Family Residence) Use District, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Adrien Kuffer for a
Use Permit to establish a neighborhood grocery store in an R-E (Residence Estate) Use District located
on the west side of Tonopah and Hastings Ave., be denied.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this permit be
denied, be approved the following resolution adopted.
#354

WHEREAS, on the 29th day of October, 1952, Adrien Kuffer filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for a Use Permit to establish a neighborhood grocery store in an R-E (Residence
Estate) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for Use Permit; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the application as
they felt that this use would not be in the best interests of the neighborhood, in addition there were
many objectors to this proposal, and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioner s on November 19, 1952, recommending
that such Use Permit be denied.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
application of Adrien Kuffer to establish a neighborhood grocery store in an R-E (Residence Estate)

Use District; located on the West side of Tonopah and Hastings Avenue be denied, be and the same hereby
is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application	of Nevas Corporation 	to construct

Nevas 	Corporation	a sign advertising the Sunnyside Park Subdivision on the South Side of	Charleston Blvd., near Burham

		Street. The sign will be 8 feet by 12 feet in size. The Regional Planning	Commission voted to approve

a temporary permit to be granted for a period of six months as the property	is vacant in that area, and

such a sign is necessary in the sale of houses.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this permit be
approved, be accepted and the following resolution adopted.

#355 WHEREAS, in the 27th day of October, 1952, Nevas Corporation filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for a Use Permit to construct a sign advertising the Sunnyside Park Subdivision on
the South Side of Charleston Boulevard near Burnham Street. The sign will be 8 feet by 12 feet in size;

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting the
granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application subject to
the stipulation that a temporary permit be granted for a period of six months as the property is vacant
in that area and such a sign is necessary in the sale of the houses, and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 19, 1952, recommending
that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that Nevas
Corporation be granted a Use Permit to construct a sign advertising the Sunnyside Park Subdivision on the
South Side of Charleston Boulevard near Burham Street for a period of six months, be and the same hereby
is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FINAL MAP	No action was taken on the Final Map of Bel Aire #2 due to the fact that the City Engineer has not

Bel Aire #2	approved the same.

FINAL MAP	No action was taken on the final map of Alta Vista Tract #3 due to the fact that the City Engineer has

Alta Vista Tract not approved the same.

#3