245

PAYROLL WARRANTS,

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Blk. 19, Ladds Addn

BONANZA LIQUOR
STORE

ELKO ROOMS -
Hearing on nuisance
abatement

BID NO. 53.3
Fertilizer

BID NO. 53.2
Seed 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker.
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Jarrett moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada.
February 18, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this 18th
day of February, 1953, was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem
Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem
Commissioner
Commissioner
Commissioner

Reed Whipple
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
William Peccole

City Attorney
City Manager
Asst. City Mgr.
City Clerk

Howard W. Cannon

C.W. Shelley
Dora Lord
Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor

C.D. Baker

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1404 to 1410 inclusive in the net amount of
$35,234.66 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2380 to 2384 inclusive in the
total amount of $29,707.33 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Bert and Gwendolyn Walsh for
the rezoning from R-3 to C-1 of the following described property:

Lots 7, 8, and the north 20 feet of Lot 9, Block 19,

Ladds Addition to the City of Las Vegas.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this
proposed rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that Lots 7, 8 and the north twenty feet of Lot 9. Block
19, Ladds Addition be rezoned from R-3 to C-l.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker,

Mr. Raymond Salmon appeared before the Board at this time concerning the liquor license for the
Bonanza Liquor Store. Discussion was held on the matter and Mr. Salmon was given a warning that
if there were any more complaints against the operation of his business, his license would be
subject to revocation.

Mr. John Mendosa representing Mrs. Lenore Aguirre, owner of the Elko Rooms located at 120 South
1st Street appeared before the Board at this time. Mr. Mendosa questioned the Building Inspector,
Harry Hatfield and William Saxton, Sanitarian, regarding reports submitted relative to Mrs. Aguirre’s
property.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that Mrs. Aguirre be given an additional thirty days to commence
the demolition of the property or bring the buildings up to requirements of City Ordinances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Building Inspector be instructed to make a survey of the Downtown
Area and bring back a report to the Commission of any buildings that do not conform and the
necessary information passed on to the owners of the premises that are considered a menace.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole, and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid Ho. 53.3 for the furnishing of fertilizer,
bids were received from the following firms:

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE
GARDEN CENTER
O’NEIL LUMBER CO.
NEVADA IRON METALS

$3,201.50
4,065.45
No Bid
2891.10

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for check and recommendation

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 53.2 for the furnishing of seed, bids
were received from the following firms: