Following is Mr. Smiths report:

Board of City Commissioners
Howell Garrison, Mayor

Gentlemen:

In order that my position in this all important controversial question may be
clearly understood by all concerned, I am offering as a matter of record, the following:

Consideration of numerous questions by various individuals and bodies well,
of Block 16, its regulation and disposition has been an unsolved problem several years
to my personal knowledge.

The first time this matter sprang up before the present Board of City Commissioners
that I know anything about was July 2, 1941 at which time an informal meeting was held
at the home of Mayor Garrison with Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch
together with City Attorney Ralli and Mayor Garrison present.

The subject was introduced by Mr. Ralli who proposed an Ordinance on the basis of
an emergency whereby prostitution in Block 16, might become legalized, stating this would
make Las Vegas the first city to legalize by license, prostitution, in the United States.

I refused to cast my vote in favor of such an ordinance. This brought out
considerable discussion and argument but I declined to change my position. Mr. Ralli
said an unanimous vote was necessary to ordain an emergency ordinance. I assured them
that while I could not change my position conscientiously, I would pass my vote rather
than vote against the measure thereby take the part of a neutral. Mr. Ralli said I
could not pass my vote but could vote as I chose. I then stated I would be absent when
the matter come up for action and by doing so would not prevent an unanimous vote by my
presence. Mr. Ralli said this would not do.

At this juncture, I stated that I never would allow my name to be connected
with anything which might indicate the city of Las Vegas was legalizing prostitution by
license; knowingly.

July 3, 1941 I called at the District Attorney's office and asked Mr. Wiley what
the status of abatement proceedings instituted by Mr. J. R. Lewis were concerning Block
16. He told me the case was pending in the District Court. I called at Mr. Ralli's
office and he told me he had made a research of NCL and found that a house of prostitution
could not be located within 1200' of a church etc., and he believed the Espiscapol
Church was within that distance.

Oct. 10, 1941 Mayor Garrison issued an order directing the police department to
immediately undertake suppression of prostitution wherever it may exist within the city,
etc.

Oct. 16, Chief of Police Frank Waite, was removed from office by a 3 to 2 vote on
account of failure to comply with said order. Mr. David Mackey was appointed Chief of
Police by unanimous vote.

A short time after appointment of Chief Mackey, the County Sheriffs office
issued gaming and tavern license to Meadows resort, similar to licenses issued several
others east of Las Vegas City limits.

Issuance of the licenses to the Meadows was followed closely by a suit filed
in the District Court by a resident taxpayer in that vicinity resulting in a restraining
order being issued by Judge Hatton. Since that time Judge Watson dismissed a demurrer involved
 in this case leaving said order in full force and effect.

At a joint meeting between County and City Commissioners November 5th, the matter
of regulation of prostitution at the Meadows resort was discussed briefly at which time I,

upon request of Ira Earl, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, stated my views