OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1938

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners	of	the	City	of	Las	Vegas	held

on the 4th day of March, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause Perry and Ronnow City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett by leave of absence.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on	file	in the	office	of	the	Clerk.

Report of City Clerk Approved by the Mayor Pro Tem.

Further consideration of a Resolution allowing for an emergency loan for the City of Las
Vegas to be used toward a municipal golf course to be construct d under the WPA was considered
and after proof of the publication of the intention of the Board of Commissioners and no opposition
 being had it was on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry moved
and carried that the following Preambles and Resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada has for some time past been desirous
of building a Municipal Golf Course at Las Vegas to attract more people to come to this commun-
ity and build homes and make investments here, and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas would have built such a course ere this time, had there
teen any way to do so without having the total cost thereof fall upon the taxpayers of said
City, and

WHEREAS, it is now possible to obtain from the Government of the United States, financial
aid for such a project, provided said City will sponsor for the cost thereof up to the sum of
Four Thousand Dollars ($4,000.00), and

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas Golf Association has already, by volunteer subscription by and from
its members and certain of the Business people and citizens of said City, secured the sum of
Fifteen Hundred Dollars ($1500) which it is willing to contribute toward said amount of Four
Thousand Dollars ($4,000) to be paid by said City as sponsor's contribution, and

WHEREAS, the said Golf Association has represented to said City that such a gold course,
once built, will be selfsupporting and in addition thereto, will produce enough revenue to
repay said City the money to be advanced therefor, and

WHEREAS, application for said aid from the United States Government has already been made
and because of the present effort of the Government to reduce unemployment, the government is
willing that such project go forward, and

WHEREAS, the present number of unemployed people in this community is now altogether too
large and is constantly increasing, and

WHEREAS, except for several Federal Aid Projects now contemplated by the said City, there
appears no method for caring for said unemployed people, and

WHEREAS, the said City deems it a better policy to sponsor Federal Aid Projects, including
said golf course, in order to furnish employment to such unemployed persons, than to permit them
to become charges entirely at the expense of the taxpayers of the City, and

WHEREAS, the said contemplated building of such gold course will furnish employment to a
number of such unemployed persons, and

WHEREAS, the said gold course, when completed, will be a great asset to said City and
WHEREAS, said City already owns land near the present fish hatchery ponds on which said
gold course can be built, and

WHEREAS, there are at present no funds in the Treasury of said City not allocated to other
purposes, which can be used for such purpose, and by reason of the foregoing facts, an emer-
gency exists sufficient to warrant said City in making a loan of Twenty-five Hundred Dollars
($2500.00) which can be obtained from the First National Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas Branch, at
a rate of interest less than eight per cent per annum,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do borrow from the the said First National
Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas Branch, the sum of Twenty-five Hundred Dollars, ($2500.00) for the
term of two and one-half (2½) years, with interest at a rate not exceeding eight per cent per
annum. And be it further resolved that the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, and the City Clerk
be and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make, execute and deliver a promissory
note or promissory notes on behalf of said City, aggregating the said sum of Twenty-five
Hundred Dollars ($2500.00), to be redeemed at the option of this Board at any time when money
is available in the emergency tax fund of said City, to be levied by said City at the first tax
levy following the creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided.

Bote on the foregoing Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Krause Ronnow, Perry
and the Mayor Pro Tem H.P. Marble voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Mayor Arnett.

An Ordinance Entitled: AN ORDINANCE CREATING AN ELECTRIC LIGHT AND POWER BOARD FOR THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINITS 

DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO," Was read to the Board for a secondtime follow-
ing its publication for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Age as is required by law.

Said Ordinance Known as Ordinance No. 230 was duly adopted by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Krause, Ronnow and Perry and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem H.P. Marble voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent Mayor Arnett.

Minutes of meetings of February 15th, 21st and 28 read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that W.R. Ferron be appointed to serve on the newly created power board. Mr. Ferron to serve
as the five year term member. His appointment expiring April 1st, 1943.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.