commissioner Elwell, adjournment was taken until Thursday, May 22nd, 1924, at the hour of three-thirty O'clock



p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, Nevada.

May 22-1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County , Nevada, held on the 22nd day of May, A.D. 1924, at the hour of three-thirty
o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, and Shield, to-gether with the City Attorney
and City Clerk, Mayor W. C. German and Commissioner Elwell being absent.

It appearing that the mayor and mayor pro-tem are not present Commissioner Anderson
was appointed temporary Chairman upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Shield. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf and Shield Aye. Commissioner Anderson not voting.

The question of the purchase of a right of way for the City through the Stewart
ranch came on for discussion at this time. After due consideration the Board tendered Mr. Stewart
an offer of $1250, which was refused.

Thereupon the Board adjourned, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf, until the next regular meeting to be held Tuesday the 3rd day of June, A.D.
1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock. p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

June 3, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of June, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.
m. Present Hon. W. C. German, the Mayor, with Commissioners C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson and W. H.
well, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meetings were read, and there
being no omissions or corrections, were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

This being the time set for opening bids for the construction of a concrete, cement
sidewalk on the Nest side of Second Street, the Clerk was directed to open the bids then in her
hands.



 Thereupon the Clerk presented the following bid:-

June 3-1924.

Board of City Commissioners,

City.

Honorable Gentlemen:

We wish to submit the bid of twenty-one (21) cents