Mr. John Sullivan, representing the owners of the Thriftimart located at 2200 West Bonanza,
at this time appeared before the Commission. Mr. Sullivan requested that the Commission
rescind their action of August 15, 1956, revoking the gaming license for b slot machines.

Mr. Sullivan advised the Commission that had been made in good faith and the Federal license
tax, which is not refundable, has been paid on these machines. No definite acts on was
taken at this time on this request.

Commissioner Sharp moved that all bids received for Bid No. 56.18 for the installation of
a traffic signal system be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.40 for the installation of a traffic signal
system at 5th and San Francisco be awarded to the low bidder, Galland Electric Company
in the amount of $11,239.00, subject to submission of adequate performance and labor and
material man bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION NO._______

RESOLUTION REAFFIRMING AND CONFIRMING NEED FOR LOW-RENT HOUSING AND APPROVING AND

AUTHORIZING EXECUTION OF AN AMENDMENT TO THE COOPERATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AND THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, did on the
26th day of October, 1949, adopt a Resolution entitled:	"RESOLUTION Approving Application

of Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to the Public Housing Administration
for a Preliminary Loan in an Amount Not to Exceed $52,000 to Cover Costs of Surveys and
Planning in Connection with the Development of Not to Exceed 140 Dwelling Units of Low-
Rent Public Housing Approving the Form of Cooperation Agreement Between the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; and Authorizing
the Execution thereof"; and

WHEREAS, the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada (hereinafter re-
ferred to as the "Local Authority"), entered into a Preliminary Loan Contract dated January
9, 19$0, with the Public Housing Administration (hereinafter referred to as the "PHA")
providing for a Preliminary Loan in an amount not to exceed $40,000 to cover cost of surveys
and planning in connection with the development of not to exceed 100 units of low-rent
public housing and eventually on January 5, 1952, the mentioned parties entered into an
Annual Contributions Contract for the development, construction and operation of such 100
dwelling units, which have been and are now in operation by such Local Authority as a low-
rent housing Project identified as Project Nev-2-1; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the above-mentioned Resolution, the City of Las Vegas and the
Local Authority entered into a Cooperation on October 26, 1949, providing for cooperation
by the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, with the Local Authority of not to exceed l40
units of low-rent housing; and

WHEREAS, the Local Authority on February 18, 1953; submitted to the PHA its Appli-
cation for additional reservation of urban low-rent public housing and for an additional
preliminary loan of $12,000 in connection with the bO remaining units of low-rent public
housing, which Application was favorably acted upon by the PHA in that on June 9, 1953;
the PHA issued to the Local Authority an additional Urban Program Reservation for bO dwelling
units and for an additional Preliminary Loan of $12,000; and

WHEREAS, no further action was taken since June 9, 1953; to formulate any contractual
obligations between the PHA and the Local Authority in connection with such addition 40
units; however, the Local Authority does now represent to this Honorable Body that it intend
to and will request the PHA to consider and renew action leading to contractual obligations
in connection with its Application for the additional 40 units of low-rent public housing
and for an additional Preliminary Loan of $12,000; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners is desirous of assisting the Local Authority
in such efforts and to expressly reaffirm and confirm all of the above-mentioned actions
as previously taken by this body; and

WHEREAS, it is also necessary to amend the mentioned Cooperation Agreement dated
October 26, 1949, so as to provide for repayment of local and Federal annual contributions
with respect to the proposed additional 40 units of low-rent public housing;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, As follows:

(1)	The Resolution adopted by this body on October 26, 1949; which Resolution is
incorporated herein by reference thereto, approving the Application of the Housing Authority
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to the Public Housing Administration for a Preliminary
Loan in an amount not to exceed $52,000 to cover costs of surveys and planning in connection
with 140 dwelling units of low-rent public housing, is hereby reaffirmed and confirmed

in its entirety.

(2)	The Application of the Local Authority dated June 9, 1953; to the FHA for an
additional reservation of 40 units of urban low-rent public housing and for an additional
Preliminary Loan of $12,000 is hereby specifically approved as there still exists in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a need for low-rent housing at rents within the means of low-
income families.

(3)	The Amendment to Cooperation Agreement between the Housing Authority of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and the City of Las Vegas is hereby approved substantially in
the form set forth and attached hereto as Exhibit "A" and the Mayor and Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas are hereby authorized and directed to execute, in as many counterparts as may
be required, such Amendment for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

(b) This Resolution shall take effect immediately.

THRIFTIMART
Slot Machines

BID NO. 56.18
Bids Rejected

BID NO. 56.4O
Traffic Signals
5th and San Francisco

HOUSING AUTHORITY