387

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STORAGE TANK - City	Commissioner	Clark moved that the agreement between the Stancal Asphalt & Bitumuls Company

Yard - Agreement	and the City, having	been checked by the City Attorney, be approved and the Mayor and

	City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT - Railroad	Co.	Commissioner	Whipple	moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the agree-

Property on Bonanza Rd.	ment between	the Los	Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company and the City for the lease of

property on Bonanza Road to serve the new location of the City Garage, when the said agree—
	ment has been approved by the City Attorney.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLANNING COMMISSION At this time Richard Singrey, Secretary to the Regional Planning Commission appeared before
C. C. Petrie -	 the Board on behalf of the Commission requesting that $l55.75 be paid to C. G. Petrie for

Consultant Fees	acting as a consultant on October 2 and 3, 1948.

 

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of Mr. Petrie be denied.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioners Baskin and dark asked to be excused from: the meeting.

CANVASS OF ELECTION	The Board at this time proceeded to make a canvass of the ballots cast in the General City

Election held on the 3rd day of May, 1949 for the election of a Commissioner 2nd Class, a
Commissioner 4th Class, City Attorney, Municipal Judge and City Clerk, the result of the
canvass being as follows:

FOR COMMISSIONER SECOND CLASS

C. V. Bascom

TOTAL	96

R. T. "Bob" Baskin