OFFICE of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, May 7, 1919.

At the last regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of May, 1919. Present Hon. W. E. Hawkins, Mayor with Commissioners
John F. Miller and J. M. Ullom being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas were allowed as per claim book on file in

the Clerk's office.

Reports of the officers read and approved as read.

At this time it was ordered by the Board that the sum of Two Hundred and Fifty ($250.00)
Dollars be transferred from the Cemetery fund to the General fund of said city.

The Clerk then presented to the Board a request from the members of the Cemetery Committee
requesting that a telephone be installed in the Cemetery Sexton's house at the Cemetery of Las Vegas
Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that said telephone be
installed and the Clerk of this Board advise Mrs. W. B. Mundy, secretary of said committee.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the Clerk that all the re turns
of the City Election held on the 6th day of May, 1919, were in and that the vote of election should

be canvassed at this time. Thereupon the Board proceeds to canvas the vote as cast on the 6th day

of May, 1919, for Mayor and four commissioners of said city and found the following, to-wit:

MAYOR

W. E. Ferron	123

COMMISSIONER— FIRST CLASS

W. E. Arnold	97

John F. Miller	62

COMMISSIONER— SECOND CLASS

Ralph Thomas	89

COMMISSIONER— THIRD CLASS

George H. French	112

COMMISSIONER— FOURTH CLASS

Howard Conklin	113

Thereupon it appearing to the Board from said canvass that W. E. Ferron had received the
highest	number 	of	 votes for the office of Mayor of said city and that W. E. Arnold has received the

highest	number	 of votes for	 Commissioner of the First Class; that Ralph Thomas has received the

highest	number	 of votes for	 Commissioner of the Second Class; that George H . French has received the

highest	number 	of 	votes for	 Commissioner of the Third Class; and that Howard Conklin has received the

highest	number 	of 	votes for	 Commissioner of the Fourth Class of said city. It was, upon motion being

duly made and carried, ordered and directed that the above named parties be and they are hereby
declared duly elected to their respective offices and the Clerk of this Board is hereby directed to
issue Certificates of Election to the above named parties.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board for second reading an ordinance to amend
section seven of ordinance #48 of the City of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulating and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter
specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license