A letter signed by A. G. Daugherty, Track Coach of the Las Vegas High School requesting
the city to apply a thin coat of crank-case oil on the High School running track was read
and the matter was referred to Commissioner Rubidoux, pm motion of Commissioner Smith
and seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by unanimous vote.

A letter from A. Lacy Worswick requesting that bids for air conditioning the Airport
administration building be postponed at least ten or fifteen days. Thereafter, the
request was granted.

Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed changes made in the airport Administration
Building presented by Mr. Worswick with the understanding that no change in the original
cost of the building as changed, be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of A. L. Worswick for $1,260.00 being 4%
of the amount owing for architectural services on the Airport Administration Building
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from 0. A. Kimball regarding insurance on the airport administration
building was read and referred to Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the re-subdivision of Lots 10, 11, 12 and 13 in
Block 4, Stewarts Sub-division be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and Mayor
Clark, pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

The plat of Mayfair Tract No. 3 was presented for approval. It was the recommendation
of the City Engineer that said plat be rejected on stated grounds now on file and of
record in the office of the City Clerk.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of E. A. Fleming for $854.71 being 4% of the final claim for architect-
ural services on the War Memorial Building be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for Venetian blinds for the new
city offices. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Hampton Bros. be awarded the contract to build shelves,
etc, in the New City Hall. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that approval of warrant 651-1 be withdrawn from warrants

heretofore passed and former motion be corrected to that extent. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes,

none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Dr. Smith be paid $75.00 Salary for the month of
September, 1941 for milk inspection and $15.00 for meat inspection. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

The Report of the City Attorney was presented at this time..

The city attorney was instructed to draw up an Ordinance prohibiting the distribution
of handbills.

The following Resolution was presented to the Board for consideration.

R E S O L U T I O N