Mr. Bert O’Donnell appeared before the Board at this time requesting that residents
in the McNeil Tract be exempt from compliance with the Dog Leash Law. This matter
was referred to the City Attorney for recommendation.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise for bids for
the construction of comfort stations in the City Park, said bids to be opened April
2, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise for bids for the
paving of Mesquite from 2nd to 5th Streets, and 4th Street from Stewart to Mesquite to
be opened April 2, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request for payment of $10,000 to J. A. Tiberti on the
Library be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when
drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of J. M. Murphy Construction Co. for payment of
$10,000 on Assessment District No. 100-6 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk auth-
orized to sign the warrant when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2245 to 2251 inclusive
in the total amount of $50,128.63 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas are
without adequate street improvements; and

WHEREAS, numerous oral requests have been made that these streets and portions
of streets hereinafter described be improved;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of March, 1952, that the
City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats,
diagrams, plans of the work and the locality to be improved, together with the estimates
of cost for constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters and con-
crete valley gutters wherever needed on the following described streets and portions of
streets, to-wit:

On Bonanza Road and Linden Avenue, from East boundary of
the Kelso-Turner Tract to Twenty First Street; on Walnut
Avenue, from Bruce Street to Twenty Fifth Street; on
Mesquite Avenue, from East boundary of the Kelso-Turner
Tract to Twenty Fifth Street; on Cedar Avenue, from Bruce
Street to Twenty Fifth Street; on Poplar Avenue, from
Fourteenth Street to Twenty Fifth Street; on Elm Street,

From Bruce Street to Twenty Fifth Street, on Marlin Ave-
nue, from alley between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Streets
to Twenty Fifth Street; on Ash Avenue, from Twenty First
Street to Twenty Third Street; on Ogden Avenue, from

Bruce Street to Twenty Third Street; on Sunrise Avenue,	

from Fremont Street to Twentieth Street; on Thirteenth
Street, from North line of the Kelso-Turner Tract to

Bonanza Road; on Fourteenth Street, on Fifteenth Street,	

and on Sixteenth Street, from Stewart Avenue to Bonanza

Road; on Bruce Street from Charleston Boulevard to	

Bonanza Road; on Eighteenth Street, from Sunrise Avenue

to Stewart Avenue; on Nineteenth Street, from Sunrise

Avenue to Bonanza Road; on Twentieth Street, from South

boundary of the Amended Church Tract Addition to Stewart

Avenue; on Cervantes Street, from South boundary of the

Amended Church Tract Addition to Stewart Avenue; on

Twenty First Street and on Twenty Third Street, from

Ogden Avenue to Walnut Avenue; on Circle Drive, from

Bruce Street to Lewis Avenue; on Lewis Street, from

Spencer Street to Bruce Street; on Clark Avenue, from

Fourteenth Street to Fifteenth Street; and on Fourteenth

Street, from Charleston Boulevard to Clark Avenue.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 19th day of March, 1952.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

DOG LEASH LAW
COMFORT STATION BIDS

PAVING OF MESQUITE &

4TH STREETS—Bids

LIBRARY PAYMENT

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-6
Partial Payment

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

RESOLUTION - Assessment
District No. 100-16