416

Section 1. That the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, be, and she hereby is authorized and instructed to have published
a notice of sale of said bonds in the Las Vegas Review Journal, the official news-
paper of said City, being of general circulation and published therein, once a week
for four consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals, which notice of
sale shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

$900,000.00

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
GENERAL OBLIGATION SEWER BONDS
SERIES OF SEPTEMBER 1, 1953

Sealed proposals will be received by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, at the office of the City Treasurer of
the City of Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday, the 5th day of August,
1953, up to and including the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M., Pacific Daylight Time,
at which time all bids will be publicly opened and considered by the Board of
Commissioners for

$900,000.00 City of Las Vegas, Nevada, General Obligation
Sewer Bonds, Series of September 1, 1953. Said bonds will
be in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)
each, will be dated September 1, 1953, and will mature serially $36,000.00 on the
first day of September in each of the years 1954 to 1978, both inclusive, the
bonds maturing on and after September 1, 1964, being subject to prior redemptions
on September 1, 1963, and on any interest payment date thereafter, in inverse
numerical order at the City's option for the principal amount of the bonds redeemed and
accrued interest to the date of redemption, all of said bonds shall bear interest at
a maximum rate not exceeding five per cent (5%) per annum, interest payable
March 1, September 1 in each year commencing March 1, 1954, both interest and
principal will be payable in lawful money of the United States of America without
deduction for exchange or collection charges, at the office of the City Treas-
urer, Las Vegas, Nevada, or at the option of the holder or holders thereof,
at the Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Chicago, Illinois. All of the bonds shall
constitute the general obligation bonds of the City of Las Vegas, and shall be
payable from general ad valorem taxes, subject to the limitations imposed by the
Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada.

Bidders are required to specify:

a.	The lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par,
at which such bidder will purchase said bonds 5 or

b.	The lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase
said bonds at par.

Said bonds shall be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to
the right of the corporate authorities to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

It is permissible to bid different interest rates for the issue of bonds, but none
of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor shall any
discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of said bonds. The best bid
will be determined by deducting the amount of the premium bid, if any, from the
total amount of interest which the City would be required to pay from the date of
said bonds to the respective maturity dates at the coupon rate or rates specified
in the bid, and the award will be made on the basis of the lowest net interest
cost to the City. The purchaser must pay accrued interest from the date of the bonds
to the date of delivery. All bids shall be sealed and enclosed in an envelope addressed
to the City Treasurer and marked "Proposal for $900,000.00 City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, General Obligation Sewer Bonds", except for the bid of the State of Nevada,
if one is received, shall be accompanied by a deposit of five percent, either cash
or certified check made payable to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of the amount
of the bid, which shall be returned if the bid is not accepted. The good faith
deposit will be credited to the purchaser (without accruing interest) at the time
delivery is made, and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the
purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the
amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and in that
event the corporate authorities may accept the bid of the one making the next best
bid or, if all bids are rejected, such corporate authorities shall readvertise
said bonds for sale. If there be two or more equal bids, and such bids are the
best bids received, and not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate auth-
orities shall determine which bid shall be accepted. The City reserves the privi-
lege of waiving any irregularity or informality in any bid.

Delivery will be made to the successful bidder as soon as practicable
at the office of the City Treasurer or at some bank in Las Vegas, Nevada, or, at
the successful bidder's request and expense, delivery will be made elsewhere, as
requested.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth,
Dick & Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Equitable Building, Denver, Colorado, whose opin-
ion, together with the printed bonds and a certified transcript of the legal pro-
ceedings will be furnished the purchaser without charge by the City.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, this 1st day of July, 1953.

C.D. BAKER
Mayor

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

7-1-53