Las Vegas, Nevada
July 16, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
16th day of July, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Dir. Public Works	R. P. Sauer

Dir. Planning	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 24167 through 24718 in the net

amount of $81,554.44 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Whipple

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2103 through 2252

WARRANTS	in the total amount of $268,891.91 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Whipple.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of July 2, 1958 be approved by reference and the

Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Mayor Baker stated he was not voting because he was not present at said meeting.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION 	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation Permits, 
PERMITS	as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved, and the Supervisor

of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

a)	Variety Club of Southern Nevada

b)	Jewish War Veterans

c)	Service League, Inc.

d)	First Christian Church

e)	American Legion Post #8

f)	L. V. Junior Chamber of Commerce

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be

Additional	approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

THE BUS STOP CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	328 Fremont	6	slots

MAIN LIQUOR	Del Barkhuff	418	South 5th	1	Cash Pay Pinball

TOWN TAVERN	Tom Rolofson	600	Jackson	5	slots

VEGAS LIQUORS	J. J. Parker	1515	North 5th	1	slot

LOUISIANA CLUB	Z. L. ENTERPRISES	1322	"F" Street	1	"21"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of E. C. Christian for license for 3 slot machines

New Applicant	at the Hamburger Heaven, 1215 "E" Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of 

cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue 
authorized to issue the licenses:

HICKORY WOOD BAR-B-QUE	John Denton	315 Fremont

WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM	Dorothy M. Bregman	517 South 5th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time City Attorney Cannon arrived at the meeting.

POLICE CAR REPAIR	City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase requisition for the repair of 18 damaged Police cars,

Requisition	said damage occurring to the cars being leased during the 1957-1958 fiscal year. Mr. Kennedy

Approved	reported that approximately one-third of this cost has been received by the City for damage

resulting from accidents. He further advised that the lowest cost for this repair is the proposal 
of Sellman Automobile Co. in the amount of $1118.75.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition #1928 to Sellman Automobile Company for
the repair of Police Cars in the total amount of $1118.75 be approved and the purchase order
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

7-16-58