PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Minutes



PUBLIC HEARING -
Wm & Leanna Chadwick
Variance Application



PUBLIC HEARING -
Variance Application
Charles & Libby Shatz



PUBLIC HEARING -
FINAL MAP
McNeil Tract No. 3

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 21, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 21st day of April, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	S.	Sharp

Asst. City Mgr.	Robert	W.	Notti

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 4785 through 5194 in the net
amount of $48,308.65 be approved and the Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker left the meeting at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 51766 to 51799
inclusive in the total amount of $44,790.44 be approved and the Mayor Pro Tem
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Jarrett, Sharp and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the minutes of April 7 and 12, 1954, be approved by
reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Jarrett, Sharp and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker returned to the meeting at this time.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
William and Leanna Chadwick for variance to construct and maintain accessory
living quarters to within five feet of the rear property line of Lot 21, Block 20
Huntridge Tract No. 4, generally described as 1610 South 13th Street, the matter
was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance application. There
were no objections voiced.

Discussion was held on this matter and Mrs. Chadwick stated that the accessory
living quarters were to be used by her parents.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this variance application be approved.

The motion died for lack of a second.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the variance appli-
cation of Charles and Libby Shatz to construct and maintain six apartments within
ten feet of the front property line on property situated at South 4th Street
between Charleston Boulevard and 4th Place on Lot 2, Replat of Lot L, Park Place
Addition, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance application. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this variance application be approved and
the tentative plan as submitted be on file, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in regular
meeting on the 3rd day of March, 1954, having considered the application of Charles
and Libby Shatz for a variance to construct six apartments within ten feet of
the front property line on property situated at South 4th Street between Charles-
ton Boulevard and 4th Place on Lot 2, Replat of Lot L, Park Place Addition; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission
recommending denial of this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of Charles and Libbie Shatz, V-74-53, be and the same is hereby granted, and the
inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the final map of
McNeil Tract No. 3, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this final map.