MR. CORY:	You accepted her statement as evidence.

MR. GALANE:	Only to the extent of any witnesses for the licensee or the City.

MR. CORY:	Do you reject these?

MR. GALANE:	I don't remember medical opinions stated.

MR. CORY:	She believed children should be spanked.

MR. GALANE:	This is not a medical statement.

MR. CORY:	Do you acknowledge she is a layman?

MR. GALANE:	Yes. I must present these points if we are to proceed in an orderly

fashion. Dr. Carr was the only medical expert to answer. Dr. George
of the Child Welfare Board didn't show up. We have only Dr. Carr's testimony to
rely on. In regard to medical opinions expressed by any member of the Child Welfare
Board or the nurse, who is not a doctor, that evidence should be stricken, My next
point:	We were very severely prejudiced when, in the midst of our case, Msgr.

Carmody said he was going to make a summation. I think there was an error on the
part of the City Commission to permit such an interruption of our presentation. We
did not interfere in such a manner.

MR. CORY:	You had the opportunity to cross-examine each member of the Board.

MR. GALANE:	So the record can be kept straight, I wish it stated that the ruling

permitted us to propose question to the Board first to see if it would
be allowed, subject to the condition that the witness could not be ordered or 
compelled to answer.

MR. CORY:	Did you agree with this ruling?

MR. GALANE:	This is not the right of cross-examination, but I agreed with the ruling.

If I interrupted to propose a question to the Board, that is not an
interruption. Nevertheless, a witness from the Child Welfare Board was allowed to
interrupt and make a summation; an error was committed.

MR. CORY:	Did you not have the same opportunity to ask questions of any witnesses

for the Child Welfare Board?

MR. GALANE: I did not have, on behalf of Mrs. Mormon, the right to cross-examine.

MR. CORY: Did you not have the same right as the Board?

MR. GALANE: Witness for the Board interrupted our presentation and nobody stopped
him. We were denied our rights under the 14th Amendment of the

Constitution.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	In order to make the record clear, Msgr. Carmody got up when I

asked if you had any other witnesses. You did not hear me. Then
after that you got up and told us you had another witness.

MR. GALANE:	My recollection was, if we get good minutes, it was on another occasion

that I did not hear you, and at that time I had no chance. It is very
improper from a legal viewpoint.

COMM. WHIPPLE:	Mrs. Mormon said that she would cooperate with the Child Welfare

Board if a similar case happened in her nursery again. I would like
this shown on the record.

MR. GALANE:	I think a member of the Board stated Mrs. Mormon made this promise,

but I cannot find it in the minutes.

COMM. WHIPPLE:	I think the issue is clear if you read the minutes. I would like

to ask the question whether or not we are obligated to act as a
court of law and act on technicalities listed or on the intent.

MR. CORY:	This is an Administrative Board whose purpose is to determine the facts

and make a decision. I think Mr. Galane will go along that you are not
bound by court rules of evidence. You can receive in evidence hearsay testimony.
However, you may not base your decision entirely on hearsay. If there is substantial
evidence to support your conclusion, you will then be justified in making that 
determination.

MR. GALANE: Would the Commission permit a brief reply to the City Attorney:

MAYOR GRAGSON:	Go ahead.

MR. GALANE:	I disagree with Cal. When the procedure is of a disciplinary nature,

the burden of proof is on the City. It must be shown on what the 
ruling was based. Secondly, we do have the right of cross-examination where testimony
is involved. Third, the acceptability of improper evidence would clearly invalidate
the legality of the ruling. When you are going to revoke a license you should have
the basic requirements of due process of the law. If not, we would go to the 14th
Amendment. (At this point, Mr. Galane also went into an explanation regarding
hearsay evidence and referred to one of the Senators of the State of Nevada, who
was author of this act.)

MR. CORY:	Are you suggesting you were denied, at any time last night, the right of

cross-examination of any witnesses, including your own?

MR. GALANE:	I was denied the right of cross-examination. That was not cross-examination.



MR. CORY:	Are you now asserting that you were denied a fair opportunity to present

7-23-59