We are very much disappointed that the property owners in your district do
not favor annexation to the City of Las Vegas. We are beset with many problems
which must be solved, and we had hoped you would see your way clear to help out
in this manner. 

It was in realization of these problems that the Chamber of Commerce recently
undertook to increase assessed valuations within the City. Quite a campaign has
been carried on to bring this about. It was our purpose to extend this program to
the resorts along the highway which really are a part of Las Vegas and derive
their income largely from the fact that they are part of this community. If there
were no Las Vegas, there would be none of the resorts which are now flourishing
along the highway.

Let's take a look at the financial situation of the City of Las Vegas. The
voters recently approved a bond issue of one million and a half dollars for new
schools. We have no quarrel with that. We believe in giving the children of
the community the very best in educational facilities. But the money must be
raised. It must come from taxes.

In addition to that, the County is planning an addition to the courthouse,

That, we are told, will call for another $350,000 in bonds. The County Hospital
Board must ask for at	least that	amount to finance, the cost of 	the building

already built. As we understand it, the County must	reimburse	the Federal

Government for monies advanced for construction. That makes a total of more
than Two Million Dollars in bonds already on the list without anything for the
City.

Now, the original sewer system in the downtown area is about worn out. It
Is In deplorable condition both from the standpoint of service and sanitation.

It will have to be replaced before very much longer.

Several miles of	streets in	the original paving	districts	must be rebuilt.

That also is up to the City. We	have swimming pools	to build and parks to 

provide. That also takes money and we can no longer neglect these things.

It is estimated the City will require a million and a half dollars at the
least to carry on the MUST program. Where is the money coming from?

The school bond program will require an additional fifty cents on the tax rate,
which already Is at the constitutional limit of $5.00 on the hundred. Bond issues
come first. Then the county tax rate, and then the schools. The City comes last.

We are entitled to have as much as $1.50 per $100 valuation if there is that much
left after the other is taken out. With another .50¢ for bonds it will be the City
that is cut. If more bonds are voted, and they must be, the City will be cut still
further. We are facing the possibility of a rate of 70 or 80 cents when we can't
get by on $1.50.

Where is the money coming from to run your city government? To provide police
and fire protection? To keep up the streets and keep the sewer system functioning
as it should? To give the community the parks so badly needed?

The Increased valuation the Chamber of Commerce is sponsoring will help.

But it won't be enough. We felt, that in view of the stake the resorts on the
so-called "strip" have in Las Vegas, you would be willing to come in and help
share this burden. The taxes to be paid would come out of income tax and
shouldn't be too much of a burden, the way we see it. They would help the
city out tremendously.



It has been suggested that the reason we are seeking annexation is to
gain control of the licenses in these large resorts. That, at this time, we
wish to deny. Our sole purpose is to gain additional revenue to meet and extremely
serious situation.

We feel the additional protection the city could provide would be well worth
the added taxes that would be paid. But you gentlemen undoubtedly have considered
the matter carefully and feel otherwise.

We believe you will agree you are a part of the community of Las Vegas. We
have attempted a solution of our problem by annexing the area in which you operate.
You oppose that move. We feel it is no more than right that we should call upon
you for suggestions as to how to meet the condition we have outlined. Maybe you
can advise us as to another method of raising these funds. We would be glad to
have your ideas on the subject and feel you owe it to us to cooperate. This is
your community as much as ours. An impoverished city government will hurt you as
much as it will the people in town. What have you to offer?

According to the interpretation of the law, the protests are in line, and we
can forget the whole thing. We expected a protest to this proposed annexation but
not so much, and you have shown us that you don't want any part of us.

As soon as the protests are checked by our City Attorney, we will notify you
of the result.

Q. For our own information, Mr. McNamee, are those people who protested
residents?

MR. MCNAMEE: They are all property owners there, as well as all the residents.

THE MAYOR: The reason I ask that is that the Charter means freeholders, who are
residents.

MR. MCNAMEE: I realize that you have to check those who are and who aren't.