Commissioner Tinch moved that the police commissioner be authorized to pay the four
patrolmen on the school job the sum of $3.00 per day during school days only. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bill for pipe for the cemetery purchased for the year
1942 be allowed in the amount of $587.31. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the check for stenographer in city attorney's office be
made in her name. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Communication read from Harlan T. Brown, city engineer, containing certain recommendations
for his department.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendations of the city engineer be accepted as to
maps being furnished relative to new subdivisions, also the charges involved, and that bids be
let for a Monroe Calculator and that billing be made after January 1st, 1942. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Southern Nevada Aero Club be granted the use of the
sprinkler truck on December 6th and 7th. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.



A communication from the Civil Aeronautics Administration regarding space in the proposed new airport
administration building, was read at this time.

The Clerk was directed to write to Arthur Ayres, at Santa Monice, California to ascertain
whether or not the CAA had a fund established to assist in the building of an Administration
building.

A communication from the Las Vegas Retail Merchants Association was read at this time,
requesting the cooperation of the city in decorating the city for the Christmas season.
Commissioner Tinch moved that Commissioners Rubidoux and Clark be authorized to cooperate
with the Las Vegas Retail Merchants Association. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, Commissioner Rubidoux.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city auditor be authorized to purchase bookkeeping
machine in an amount not to exceed $460 and that before selecting this machine the auditor
and finance commissioner will make the decision as to which of two suitable machines one
priced $454.50 from the Montgomery Calculator Co and one $459.45 from Burough's Adding
Machine Co. Motion seconded by commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A communication from the Las Vegas Union School District was read and Ordered filed.

Report of the Planning Commission on matters heretofore referred to them was read at this
time.

Communication from the Junior Chamber of Commerce regarding rental of the War Memorial
Building for dances.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city commissioners hire the necessary man as to zoning
new subdivisions and outline ordinances relative to the progress of the town providing the
County Commissioners cooperate with them in bearing half of the total salary. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.