On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal print and prepare the ballots for the coming City Election
Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and Car-
ried that this meeting recess and adjourn until Monday the 17th day of April at the hour of
ten o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

there upon said meeting recessed until Monday the 17th day of April, 1939 at the hour of
ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 17th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 17th day of April, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause City Clerk and Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that warrants Nos 136 to 141 Inclusive be allowed. Same being payrolls of the period April 1st to
15th inclusive.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the following licenses be granted: Vegas Sweet Shoppe and Mesquite Grocery and Sewells United

Stores retail beverage licenses, Underhill Brothers importers license and Elks a club liquor
license.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the slot machine
licenses applied for at this time be granted.

vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the salary of
Byron Snider of the Water Sewer and light Dept be increased $10.00 per month making said salary $150.00 per mo.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that this meeting
recess until the 21st day of April, 1939 at	the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Vote Commissioners nonnow, Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

here upon said meeting recessed until the hour of ten o'clock A.M. Friday the 21st day of April 1939.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY? NEVADA.

APRIL 21st, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada held on the 21st day of April, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner luce.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that a whole-
sale beverage license be granted to	the Neva a	National Ice Co and a retail beverage license to the White Spot	Cafe.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow,	Krause and	Corradetti and is Honor	the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow was moved and carried that the slot machine
licenses applied for my Peter Pansey and Ethel Rapoport be granted.	

Vote Commissioners Ronnow,	Krause and	Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The business of enforcing Ord 210 of the City of Las Vegas was considered by the Board. Said Ordinance 

	making it complusary for drivers andovers of Taxi cabs to carry public liability and personal property insurance.

Said insurance being hard to secure a number of taxi operators were operating with out this insurance.

After some discussion on this matter on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was
moved and carried that the Clerk write and instruct the Police Depart of said City to inform the operators of taxi cabs
that public liability andpersonal property insurance must be secure as same is provided in Ord 210, and that all lic-
enses to operate taxi cabs are hereby revoked until said insurance is secured.