At this time A.R. Thompson, City Engineer appeared before the Board with a plat of the
change ask in the site for the sewer mains across the U.P. rightway and the Park site in the
City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the
above mentioned change be made if the same was satisfactory with the Fuller Construction Com-
pany and the Union Indemnity Co. surety for the Fuller Construction Company. Approval of both
the Fuller Construction Company and the Union Indemnity Company to be in writing.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance to Amend Section 111 of Ordinance No. 168 of said City, entitled, "An
Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district, indust-
rial and commercial districts within the said City of Las Vegas; defining such districts;
declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain factories, works, or
establishments within said residence districts and said commercial districts; regulating the
the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain works or establishments 
in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said Ordinance, and repealing
Ordinances in conflict therewith," approved April 22, 1931, was read for a first and second
time and passed by the following vote as an emergency ordinance, Commissioners German, Hansell,
Thomas, Mundy, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 189 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from and afters it complete publication, one week, (six issues) in the
Las Vegas, Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas, Nevada.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section LXXX111 of Ordinance No. 170
of the City of Las Vegas," was read for a second time, and passed and adopted by the following
vote: Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas, Hansell His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye.
Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 190 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in full force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week (six issues)
in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 28th fay of July 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 28th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 28th day of July 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
C.J. Mackey be granted three slot machine licenses.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to act as Finance Commissioner
owing to the absence of Commissioner Thomas and approve the bills as brought before the Board
for payment.

Mr. J.M. Heaton appeared before the Board at this time and ask the Commissioners
for the sum of $200.00 to be used for advertising over Station KGIK. No action was taken upon
the matter at this time.

A.C. Grant appeared before the Board at this time and ask permission to erect a sign
between the curb and sidewalk at Third and Fremont Sts. Permission was denied as all signs
were prohibited under ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the plumbing inspector be put on a salary bases of $175.00 per month, and to take charge of all
plumbing inspections and the care of the disposal plant. Fees received from plumbing permits
to be placed in the Water Sewer and Light Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none. (Commissioner Thomas arrived late.)

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to refund $3.00, the amount received from Thomas O'Mara for a City mercantile
license that was never used as parties had been called from the city before opening up their
store.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and His Honor the
mayor voting aye. noes none. Commissioner Thomas and Hansell leaving before the vote was called.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.