OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 15th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell,

Mayor Hesse, appointed Commissioner Smith to approve the bills presented to the Board
at this time, as Finance Commissioner due to the absence of Finance Commissioner German.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 18th day of November. 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFF ICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of the meetings of October 31st, November 6th, 7th, and 13th read and
a proved as read.

A letter from the City Manager of the City of Grand Rapids Michigan with a copy
of a Resolution recently passed by the Board of Commissioners of that City urging the Cities
of the United States to to sponsor, and further an intensive campaign to spur the public
feeling to a higher plane of confidence was read to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
approve the plan adopted by the City of Grand Rapids Michigan by their City Commission,
and will co-operate with them in the plan.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

The Citizens Committee represented by O.A. Kimball, O. W. Tates, and W. F. McLalland
appeared before the Board in regards to the new paving project that is being considered by
the citizens in certain portions of the city. The type paving and the laying of concrete
curbs and utter s were considered, but no action taken, at this time

The matter of the sum to be allowed the City Engineer for office rent was next
brought before the Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner
Thomas it was moved that the sum of $40.00 per month be allowed City Engineer Thompson for
office rent, same to be changed at the pleasure of the Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 25th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.