That the Council goes on record as authorizing the grant of the after described land, to
the United Service Organization in consideration of $1 (one dollar) such land being descr-
ibed as follows:

Commencing at the intersection of the centerlines of Fifth and Stewart Streets
as said streets are shown on Clark's Las Vegas Township map, thence N 61°47' W
420 feet to a point; thence N 28°13' E, 40 feet to the true point of beginning;
thence N 28°13' E, 110 feet; thence N 61°41' W, 200 feet; thence S 28°13' W 110
feet to a point which is common to the S. E. corner of the site of the Federal
Building thence S 61°47' E 200 feet to the true point of beginning.

Said motion was seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Arthur Ayres, Supervisor of Airports, Civil Aeronautics Administration
 notifying the city that development of the Las Vegas Municipal Airport had
been completed. Same was ordered filed.



A letter was read from E. A. Mority Director of Power of the, Department of Interior, regarding the analysis
of water from Lake Mead and same was referred to Commissioner Clark.

Upon recommendation of Jimmy Crossan, Golf Pro, Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that
Jameson Putting Green Mower be purchased from the Salt Lake Hardware Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the applications of Julian Goldman, Malcolm C.

Webb and Sam Stearns for gaming licences heretofore presented be tabled until the

meeting of October 16, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux voting aye. Noes, none.

His Honor passed his vote.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that bids be let for a heavy duty patrol for the city

barns. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the follow ng vote. Com-
missioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Rubidoux recommended that the city planning board take some action as to
the advisability of widening the Street between 1st and 2nd on Carson.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that Mr. Rubidoux be allowed to hire a man to check
the owners of vacant lots and to post notices thereon requesting said owners to clean
off said lots, at a wage not to exceed $0.62½ an hour. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, Clark ad
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the salary of the City Engineer and the City Building
Inspector be raised to $200 a month to begin on the 15th day of October, 1941. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The City Engineer submitted a report and certain recommendations to the Board. Commissioner
Rubidoux made a motion that the report of the city engineer be accepted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



James A. Fleming local architect, presented a proposed plan for the remodeling of the War Memorial Building,
after some discussion Commissioner Clark made a motion that said plans be accepted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith.

Mr. A. L. Worswick appeared before the Board at this time protesting the acceptance of
Mr. Flemings plan, stating that he had been hired to draw said plan and that he
felt the Board should take no other action until a decision had been made regarding
his plan. Thereafter the Mayor appointed Commissioner Smith to check the Minutes
from June 29th to da te for anything pertaining to architectural services on the War
Memorial Building and report back at the next meeting.	Mr. Worswick was requested

to be present at the next meeting.

Walter Bond presented tentative plans for the airport depot to be erected at McCarran
Field.

The city attorney ruled that a license was not transferable but that the Tanner Motor
Company could apply directly to the Clerk for a license.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the meeting adjourn until October 16th, 1941

at the hour of 7:30. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.