OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

DECEMBER 21st, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 21st day of December 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of December 12th, 16th and 19th read and approved as read.

W.R. Bracken representing the U.P.R.R. appeared before the and stated that the said company
were considering the matter of giving to the City additional ground on No Fifth Street so that
same might be improved and used as additional ground for the race track at the City Park. Mr.
Bracken also informed the Board that the ground adjoining the Woodlawn Cemetery would not be
suitable for cemetery purposes.

The awarding of the contract for the year 1940 for gasoline requirements for the City was con-
sidered and on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that the contract be entered into between the City of Las Vegas and the Richfield Oil Co.
for the gasoline requirements for the year 1940, as said bid of the Richfield Oil Co. was the
lowest and best bid through.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of Sears Roebuck and Co for purchase of equipment for the "Recreational Dept. be
accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the bid of Standard Wholesale Supply Co for one portable pump be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.



This being the time set for the opening of bids for the purchasing of tires and a number of bids being in the hands of
the Clerk said bids were opened and considered by the Board, and it appearing to the Board there was
some difference in said bids on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it
was moved and carried that the Purchasing Clerk tabulate said bids and report to the Board his
findings at a meeting to be held on the 28th day of December 1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of a shovel for the Street D pt. were opened at this time and it appear-
ing to the Board that the bid of James Cashman for a Michigan Shovel was the lowest end best bid
on motion of Commissioner Gilbert Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that this bid be accepted. Price $7,050.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to the Overland Drug Co for the 4th quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrant No. 275 in the sum of $600.00 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A petition signed by ten property owners on No. 9th Street was presented to the Board
stating that they did not object to the operation of a beauty shoppe by Luella Thornton in said
vicinity.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed not to issue a license to Luella Thornton for the operation of a
beauty shoppe that the location designed was in a strictly residential district.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commission Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thurs-
day the 28th day of December 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and	Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting

aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 28th day of December 1939 at 7:30 P.M.