Commissioner Clark moved that $50.00 be allowed for a part time stenographer for
the city attorney, and that an account of her time be made. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney write to Mr. E. A. Allen and notify
him to move that certain building located at

by the 16th of January, 1942, or else to be prepared to face the consequences. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized to sign those
certain deeds reconveying certain land back to the grantees inasmuch as the lands have
been abandoned and have not been used for country club purposes as originally intended.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for two motorcycles for the police
department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that application be made to the tire board for twelve
tires and twelve tubes. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for two heavy duty batteries. Motion
seconded by commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that rental on the stables be fixed at $5.00 per
stall beginning January 1st, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

	Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed to sent one man

to Phoenix, Arizona to inspect a heavy duty patrol for work in the Street Department, and
that he be required to furnish an itemized statement of his expenses. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor appoint Commissioner Clark to represent
the city relative to any negotiations between the city and the tire rationing board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Clark.

Thereafter, His Honor Appointed Commissioner Clark as said representative.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for station wagon. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city mechanic be instructed to repair M. E.

Leavitt's car, to be used strictly for city business, at at estimated cost of not more than
$25.00 for parts. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city engineer be authorized to hire two chairmen
at a salary of $150.00 per month to start. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.