OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

APRIL 15th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of April, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

At this time the Board considered the granting of a gaming license to C.W. Reiff at the
Bank Club, 17 Fremont Street, and upon motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner
Ronnow it was moved and carried that one each be granted for thee operation of a Poker, Pan,

Craps, Roulette, and Twenty-One Table and four slot machines be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none



On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to M.F. Jesse for operation at the Bank Club. Appli-
cation being approved by the Chief of Police David Mackey.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Hr. Parks of the Palm Funeral Rome appeared before the Board in regard to have trees
removed from the front of the unimproved lot adjoining the Funeral Home. Mr. Parks was inform-
ed that the Board would take this matter up with the City Engineer and he would be advised of
the action of the Board in the near future.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bids received for furnishing materials for a sprinkling system at the Memorial
Building be referred to Le Roy Whipple, City Purchasing Clerk for checking and recommendation.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

The following entitled Ordinance was read for a first time, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR
THE CLEANING OF LOTS WITHIN THE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH, AND PARTICULARITY REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 91 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, APPROVED March
15th, 1922." Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 234 of the City.

the Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance No. 234 published in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, for once each week
for two consecutive weeks.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NUMBER 168 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, estab-
lishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the said City of Las
Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to establish, erect, maintain, or operate
certain factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said commer-
cial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding
of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of
said ordinance and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith," was read to the Board for a first
time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem
Marble voting aye. Noes, None. Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 235 of the city of Las Vegas the Clerk was
directed to forwith have said Ordinance No. 235 published in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas for once a week for two conse-
cutive weeks.

The Board at this time considered the limiting of the number of gaming licenses issued
in the City and the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

In keeping with the policy of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, as
adopted at its meeting on April 9, 1931,

IT RESOLVED that until the further order of t is Board it be and is hereby establi-
shed as the policy of this Board that no further gambling licenses be granted to any new
gambling clubs in the City of Las Vegas and that until the further order of this Board no
additional gambling clubs or gambling houses be granted licenses in this City, other than
the six gambling clubs which are licensed to do business in this City for the current quarter.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the
issuance of any new licensor license for additional gambling games in any of the six gambling
clubs above referred to and which have licenses for the current quarter, it being the policy of
this Board that until the further order of this Board no new or additional gambling clubs
shall be established or permitted in this City.

Commissioner Krause moved the adoption of this above and foregoing resolution and the
and the same was seconded by Commissioner Ronnow and upon being but to vote was duly passed and
adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
voting aye. Voting no, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and

adjourned until Monday the 18th day of April, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.