OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JUNE 1,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 6th day of June, A.D., 1921. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, members C.E.
Pembroke, Howard Conklin, and Lou Martin, together with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved as read, and ordered placed on file.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the
Clerk of this Board, excepting the claim of the Golden Rule Cafe, which was ordered laid over until the
next regular meeting.

At this time the Clerk presented the following bid:

June 1,1921.

City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

Gentlemen:

I herewith submit bid on 8 garbage containers accord-
ing to specifications submitted to me by the Street Commissioner,
for the sum of $25.00 each.

Yours truly,

W.S. Rhoads.

whereupon after due consideration it was ordered that this bid be referred to the Street Commission-
er upon motion made by Commissioner Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Conklin. Vote, Commissioner
Pembroke, Aye; Commissioner Conklin, Aye:, Commissioner Martin. Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye.

Noes, None.

Upon motion duly made by Commissioner Conklin, and Seconded by Commissioner Martin, it
was ordered that the sum of $682.68 be transferred from the salary fund to street fund, and that the
City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to notify the City treasurer of this action. Voting, Com .
Pembroke, Aye, Com. Conklin, Aye; Com. Martin, Aye; His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, Aye; Noes, None.

It was moved by Com. Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Martin that the sum of $87.60
be transferred from the Light Fund to the Cemetery Fund, and that the City Clerk be, and
she is hereby directed so to notify the County Treasurer. Voting Com. Pembroke, Aye;

Com. Conklin, Aye; Com. Martin, Aye; His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, Aye; Noes None.

Upon motion made by Com. Martin, and seconded by Com. Conklin, it was ordered that
the sum of $476.40 be transferred from the Light Fund to the General Fund, and that the Clerk be
and she is hereby directed to so notify the City Treasurer. Voting, Com. Pembroke, Aye; Com. Conklin
Aye; Com. Martin, Aye; His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, Aye; Noes, None.

There being no further business before the Board and this being the last meeting
of this Board of City Commissioners, and the newly elected Board, whose members were elected to 
office on the 3rd day of May, 1921, having qualified and taken the required oath of office and filed
their official bonds, and being ready to assume their duties as Mayor and Commissioners of said
City, it was upon motion of Commissioner Conklin, seconded by Commissioner Pembroke, and duly carried,
ordered that this Board stand adjourned sine die.