Situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, Described
as follows:

Lots Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7), and Eight (8), in Block Two (2), and

Lots Three (3), Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7), and Eight (8), in Block
Thirty-three (33) of Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite, as shown by map thereof on file
in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1 of Plats, Page 17.

The said Golden West Oil and Refining Company also agreed to cause to be executed
by your company title insurance in the sum of Three Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars showing a
good and clear title in the City of Las Vegas in and to the said property.

Upon the receipt of the said deed and title insurance in proper and due form, you
will please deliver to the said Golden West Oil and Refining Company the Sum of Three
Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars handed you herewith, deducting therefrom your costs and charges
incident to the said contract and title insurance.

Provided, however, it is expressly understood that should the said Golden West Oil
& Refining Company omit or fail to cause to be executed and delivered to you the said deed
and title insurance for the City s account, on or before noontime of the 25th, day of June
1936, then, and in such event, upon demand of the City only, you shall return the said Three
Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars to the City of Las Vegas,

BY AUTHORITY OF THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS:

L. L. Arnett Mayor,

Attest.

(City Seal)

Le Roy Whipple.

Deputy City Clerk

Vote upon the foregoing being as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None ( Commissioner Ward Being Absent.)

There being no further business before the Board at this time, the meeting then
adjourned until Friday the 26th, day of June 1936 at the hour of Seven o'clock P. M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO—

Viola Burns, City Clerk
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby celled
to be held in the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners the City Clerk's office, in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, Tuesday the 23rd day of June, 1936 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the matter of operating a municipal air port and to confer with
officials of the Western Air Express and the Department of Air Commerce.

Dated this 23rd day of June, 1936.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO--

L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth

H.	P. Marble and M.E.Ward, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners of said City on
Tuesday the 23rd day of June, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider
and act upon the following matter:

1. To consider and act upon the matter of operating a municipal airport and to confer with
officials of the Western Air Express end the Department of Air Commerce in regard to the same

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due ser-
vice of the foregoing notice and represent that David Farnsworth, Commissioners of Finance is
present in the City of Las Vegas, on this date, but unable to attend this meeting.

L.L. Arnett	H.P. Marble,	Jas. H. Down	M.E.Ward

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner