RESOLVED, that the said contract as executed between the Las Vegas Land & Water Company,
as party of the first part, and the City of Las Vegas, as party of the second party, bear-
ing date the 21st day of April, 1928, be and the same is hereby ratified and approved, and
an executed copy thereof be, and the same is hereby, ordered to be filed with the Clerk of
said Board of City Commissioners.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the form of said modifications and the form of said mod-
ified proposed agreement between the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, as party of the
first part, and the said Frank N. Riley, as party of the second part, this day presented
to and filed with the Board, be and the same is hereby approved.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the date of the execution of said modified proposed con-
contract and the filing of a signed copy thereof with the Board of City Commissioners of
said City of Las Vegas, shall be, and the same is hereby extended so that the same shall be
filed with this Board within thirty (30) days from the 22nd day of May, 1928, and that such
filing shall have the same force and effect and operate under said agreement date April 21,
1928, between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and the City of Las Vegas, as though the
said signed copy of said proposed agreement had been filed with this Board within thirty (50)
days from the said 21st day of April, 1928, and further, that the time for the performance
of the acts required by the terms of subdivisions (a), (b), and (c), of said proposed agree-
ment of April 21, 1928, to be done and performed after the execution and or filing of said
proposed contract, shall be extended accordingly.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be certified by the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, under the seal of said City, and forthwith furnished to said Las
Vegas Land & Water Company.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy and German, and His
Honor, the Mayor, Hesse, voting aye. Noes: None.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that this meeting adjourn until May 31st, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 31, 1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 31st day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present:
His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith and W. C. German, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the hearing of protests and suggestions in the matter of paving cer-
tain city streets, as had been previously set forth by notice given according to law, and it appear-
ing that the number of citizen desiring to attend this meeting was too great to be accommodated in
the Commissioners' Room, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy, and duly carried, that this body adjourn to the Court House lawn.

Meeting again called to order on the Court House lawn.

Thereupon, Mr. Leo A. McNamee presented to the Board six petitions of remonstrance. Mr. James
Cashman then presented three petitions of withdrawal from petitions of remonstrance.

At request of certain citizens His Honor, the Mayor, requested Dr. Wm. S. Park, President of the
City Planning Commission, to outline to the assembled citizens the plan for paving certain streets
in the City of Las Vegas. This request was responded to by Dr. Park.