and filed of June 24th, 1918. Thereupon the Clerk stated to the members of the Board that he made
personal service upon each member of said Board of City Commissioners of the above notice for said
special meeting, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners and the Mayor of said City that
due notice had been given, the Board then proceeded to take up the matter of amending said Ordinance 
and provided for in said Notice, Whereupon the Clerk then read before the Board as amended for
second reading and it appearing to the Board that said ordinance is by law provided and will be to
the best interest of the City of as vegas Nevada and its citizens, it was then upon motion of
Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ball that the following resolution be adopted as
Follows " Whereas certain defects have been suggested Ordinance No 27 of the City of Las Vegas,
and considerable building is in progress within the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, and
it is necessary to the safety lives, convenience and property of the inhabitants of the City of
Las Vegas that said ordinance No 27 be amended, Now therefore, Be it resolved, that a emergency
exists for the passage of the ordinance proposed at this meeting to amend said ordinance No 27, and
that the same be passed as an emergency ordinance with the consent of the entire Board , the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners, Ball, aye, Miller, aye, Elwell, aye,
Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. None none.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it
was ordered that said proposed amended ordinance be passed as read, said Ordinance being "AN Ordinance
amending section 2, 3, 6, and 7, of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled "An
Ordinance fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the
keeping of combustibles and explosives, and as appears more fully under ordinance No. 72 of said
City in Ordinance Book number one of said City, and it was further ordered that the Clerk of this
Board be and is hereby instructed to have said ordinance printed and published as by law provided
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioner Ball, aye, Hiller, aye, Elwell aye
Ullom, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.