Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	C. D. Shelley

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:  Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

REZONINGS - Public	Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional

Hearings Set	Planning Commission, a public hearing on the request of Louise Herbster for

rezoning of certain portions of parcels B, H and G of Park Place Tract from
Park Place Tract	R-1 to C-2 be held on November 13, 1951 at the hour of 4:00 P.M.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

Hyde Park Tract	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional

Planning Commission a public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the SW¼ of
	Section 31, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-A to R-1, known as Hyde Park Tract, be

held on November 13, 1951 at the hour of 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Jarrett

CONDEMNATION -	Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

San Francisco Street

Sal Sagev Hotel Co. Inc.	RESOLUTION

	WHEREAS, the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada has

requested that that street adjoining the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas
and which appears as San Francisco Street upon the maps of said City, be opened
for future street and highway purposes; and

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, held on October 3, 1951, the City Attorney was instructed
to take the necessary steps to carry out such wishes of the State Highway
Department of Nevada and which are concurred in by the Board of the City of
Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, to comply with such determination of the Board of City
Commissioners it is necessary to condemn certain property which was formerly
shown upon the maps to be San Francisco Street; and

WHEREAS, the City Attorney has prepared a complaint to bring such
action of condemnation; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners declares, ratifies and
affirms its determination to acquire the necessary land to open said street.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this 24th day of October, 1951, by
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that said Board
ratifies, affirms and redeclares, and does hereby ratify, affirm and re-
declare its desire to open up San Francisco Street for the entire length
within the limits of the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Board, affirms, redeclares,
and ratifies its determination to acquire the necessary land and premises to
affect such street opening, and that such land necessary to be condemned is
described as follows, to-wit:

All that part of San Francisco Street as shown
by plat of Meadows Addition to Las Vegas on
file in Book I of Plats, Page 43, in the office
of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada,
lying East of the East line of the State High-
way (South 5th Street extended in the City of
Las Vegas), as now surveyed and existing through
said tract, and West of the Southerly extension
of the East line of Lot Twenty-Five (25) in
Block One (l) bordering on said street.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
be authorized to sign the complaint to effect such condemnation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting ay;e noes, none. 
Commissioner Whipple passed his vote. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.

OAKRIDGE SUBDIVISION	Commissioner Whipple moved the final map on Oakridge Subdivision be ap-

Final Map	proved subject to checking by the City Engineer, the filing of the required

bonds and the signing of the agreement prepared by the City Attorney.

	Further that when these conditions have been fulfilled, the Mayor and City

Clerk be authorized to sign this map.