for the last several years.

Mayor Russell inquired of Commissioner Ronnow if there would be space in the War Memorial
Building for the	housing of such an office.	Commissioner Ronnow stated that	at the	present time

there was no room available in the War Memorial Building	and due to	the fact that	the application

for an emergency loan had been rejected by the State Board of Finance it might be possible that
the Building would not be remodeled in the near future.

Mayor Russell appointed Commissioners Ronnow and Krause as a Committee to secure housing
facilities for the Deputy Supt. of School. This housing to be rent free or the district office
would accept the offer of some other City in this District as a site for the office of the
Deputy Supt. of Schools.

Attorney Leo McNamee appeared before the Board in regard to the vacating of the plat of
Lorenzi Lake Manor, and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti the
following order was adopted:

WHEREAS, an	application having heretofore been filed	in writing	by the	owners	of the land

contained in the	plat hereinafter described	to be vacated	and by the	owner	of ell	the land 

contiguous or adjacent to any street or alley in such plat to vacate which application was made,
requesting that the portion of the plat hereinafter described be vacated, which application is
on file and of record in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, and which petition is hereby referred to and by reference made a part hereof and the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, having duly considered
the same and

WHEREAS, after due consideration, the Board is satisfied that neither the public nor any
person will be materially injured by vacating said portion of said plat, upon motion of
Commissioner Ronnow, Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, it is hereby

ORDERED, that that portion of the plat of Lorenzi Lake Manor, (a subdivision situate in
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,) which plat is recorded in Book 1 of Plats Page
102, Clark County, Nevada Records, described as follows, to-wit:

The whole of said plat, except:

That portion thereof designated as Beverly Drive,

be and the same is hereby vacated as prayed for in the petition or application on file herein as
aforesaid.

PROVIDED, however, that this order shall not become effective until the same is approved
in writing, by the City Attorney who is hereby directed to investigate and determine the legal-
ity of these vacation proceedings.

A vote upon said motion having been duly taken, which resulted in Commissioners Ronnow,
Corradetti, Krause, and Gilbert and his honor the Mayor, voting "Aye" and no one voting no.

The foregoing order and proceedings thereon are hereby approved this 28th day of June,

1940.

Attorney Fred Alward appeared before the Board in regard to the building restriction on
that portion of the City of Las Vegas known as Westside. Mr. Alward informed the Board that at
a recent meeting of the Westside Improvement Association the members present had agreed to
the form of zoning for their portion of the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Alward had in writing the
wishes of these property owners.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mr. Austin, City Attorney prepare an amendment to the City Zoning Ordinance wherein
the wishes of the property owners of the Westside might be incorporated and to present same for
a first reading at the regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on July 5th, 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that a deed from Malon Brown deeding to the City of Las Vegas a parcel of ground for
alley purposes be accepted by the City when said deed would be signed by Mrs. Brown and said
signature of both Mr and Mrs. Brown being acknowledged by a notary public.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Logan of the firm of Croson and Logan Building Contractors appeared before the Board
and ask if the City anticipated any change in the present zoning ordinance establishing the
commercial, residential and industrial districts of the City. Mr Logan informed the Board that
since the extension of the commercial district loans from the F.H.A. had been effected in as
much as loans for residential buildings were not easily secured on properties abutting on a com-
mercial zone.

Mr. Logan was informed that the City did not anticipate any change in the present zoning
of that particular district in which he was interested.

E.W.Cragin, appeared before the Board and presented to the Board a form of amendment for
the ordinance governing the operation of taxi cabs in the City of Las Vegas and the insurance
on same.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the City Attorney prepare an amendment to the present "taxi ordinance" as suggested
by Mr. Cragin and present same to the Board at the next regular meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.