A member of the State Tax Commission was contacted by me and advised that the
Commission had no objection to Dr. Bernstein and that his record would justify the re-
newal of the license, and that the foregoing facts had been disclosed to them. This
report was presented to, and gone over with me by Commissioner Reed Whipple.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner
Jarrett moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk 	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 15, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 15th
day of August, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D.

Baker with the following members present:

present:	Mayor	G. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	William Peccole

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

absent:	Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1226 to 1224 inclusive in the net

amount of $28,510.86 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absents Commissioners Jarrett and
Whipple.	

SERVICE & MATERIAL         Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2148 to 2151 inclusive
WARRANTS	in the total amount of $35,151.61 and No. 2166 for $2,983.94 be approved and the Mayor and

City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and

Whipple.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the request of the Southern

Nevada Power Company for a Use Permit for the following described property:

	E½ Block 19, Pioneer Heights Addition and all of Block 14, Ladd's Addition.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. Ryland Taylor, representing the property owners in this vicinity appeared before the
Board at this time and stated that a signed petition had been filed with the City Clerk of
all but four property owners in this vicinity, protesting the addition of transformer fac-
ilities at this location. Mr. Taylor also enumerated various other reasons why this re-
quest should be rejected, pointing out that the Power Company had not submitted proper ap-
plication, nor had certain other requirements of the Code been met.

Mr. Murray Wollman, property owner in this vicinity spoke his protest, along with certain
other property owners.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved this request for a Use Permit be denied for expansion
of the transformer facilities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

PUBLIC HEARING -	Commissioner Peccole moved the Public Hearing on the Searway Property rezoning be continued

Rezoning
Searway Property