On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved, That the Clark County Delegation in the Assembly and Senate, now in session
in Carson City promote the passage of an acting to exempt City and County motor equipment from
from the state gasoline tax.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 22nd day of February, 1933 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 22nd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of February, 1933 at he hour of ten o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Mundy
and Thomas, and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney,

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 23rd day of February at he hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas,
February 23rd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Thomas, City Clerk, and Acting City Attorney Marshall.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Handerson.

Mr. O. Piffer, and Dr. W.S. Park as a Committee of Public Morals from the Grand
Jury, and A.C.Grant President of the C. of C. and A.H. Harrington appeared before this time
and ask that the Board of Commissioners investigate into the operation of Keno parlors in
the City of Las Vegas as the same had been reported to be of a demoralizing character to
the City of Las Vegas, and that the same had been termed a lottery.

Acting City Attorney Marshall was ask to present to the Board at an early date
a written decision as to the character of Keno and lottery. Dr. Park, was also ask to pre-
sent a written decision from the District Attorney of Clark County, and the Attorney General
of the State of Nevada.

No other action was taken on the matter at this time.

The application of the Pache Club for the operation of a Crap game at the
Apache Hotel Casino was presented to the Board at this time. Application being in proper
form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
and carried that he Pache Club be grant a license for one crap table in the Oache Casino.

Any other games to be added to be applied for and granted by a majority vote of the Board
present at the meeting when such application is considered.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy and German, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 1st day of March at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.