at 111 North 1st be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux. Bis Honor Mayor Garrison passed.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Tanner Motor Company for a taxi
stand at the west side of North 2nd Street, back 80 feet from Fremont, in front of the
Apache Hotel be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Malcolm C. Welch for a retail
beverage license at 122. S. 1st Street be tabled until the next regular meeting. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Wm. E. Underwood for a retail
beverage license at 224 N. 1st Street be tabled until the next regular meeting. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,
Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Henry Kelly for a retail tavern

liquor

license at 207 N. 1st Street be tabled. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes
none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the following slot machine and gaming licenses
be allowed:

George M. Crone	3 slot machines	Jimmy Fulcher 6 slot machines

Anna Cooke	1	"	"	Professional Drug	2	slot	machines

R. D. Furry	1	"	"	Vernon Bunker	1	slot	machine

John Stathis	2	"	"	L. P. Lawrence	1

Jake Ensley	1	"	"	Guido Testolin	3	"	"

1 poker	James J. Adras 8	"	"

John F. Miller	5 slot machines	Everett Thomas 2	"	"

Gus D. Corey	3 "	"	Jack Weisberger 1 "       "

Tom Pa inos	1 "	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Com-
missioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the following liquor and beverage licenses
be renewed.

Verna's Drive Inn	Retail Beverage E. A. Robinson	Retail Tavern

Anna Cooke	"	Elk's Club	Retail Club

Fred Bartlett	Wholesale Beverage and Importer's Beverage

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the request of P. 0. Silvagni for a poker license
instead of a wheel of fortune license at 124 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Comm-
issioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter signed by Walter Bracken was read.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney be instructed to begin condemnation

	

proceedings for the purpose of securing a right-of-way on West Eighth Street in the H. F.M & M. Addition, for the installation

water mains. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



A letter protesting the payment of a ten percent penalty on His delinquent license
for the year of 1941, signed by Floyd Snyder was read to the Board. Thereafter, the
Mayor instructed the city clerk to adhere strictly to the Ordinance in regard to the collect-
ion of licenses.



An application for a license to practice the profession of character reading signed by John M.
Lowrie was presented to the Board. The Clerk was instructed to notify Mr. Lowrie that said

license would be $100 per day.