City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative Assistant       Robert F. Boos
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the Sheriff's Mounted Posse, a group of Clark County Nevada residents
under the command of Sheriff W. E. "Butch" Leypoldt, organized to aid and assist
said Sheriff Leypoldt upon his official bidding, and

WHEREAS, said Sheriff's Mounted Posse, having received an invitation to
represent the City of Las Vegas and State of Nevada in the Presidential Inaugural
Parade to be held January 21, 1957; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada deems it an honor that the Sheriff's Mounted
Posse has been extended the aforesaid invitation.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada at a special meeting thereof, held bn the 10th day of January, 1957,
that the SHERIFF'S MOUNTED POSSE be, and hereby is authorized to travel to Washington,

D. C. as official representatives of the City of LAS VEGAS, NEVADA for the purpose of
participating in the Presidential Inaugural Parade.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 10th day of January, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the; following vote;

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City having adopted a resolution authorizing the Sheriff's
Mounted Posse to travel to Washington, D. C. for the President's Inaugural Parade,
as official representatives of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the City has no funds available to pay for the transportation costs
involved.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that the foregoing resolution be approved on the condition that the Sheriff's
Mounted Posse carry liability insurance to hold the City free and harmless from any
liability of injury which might be incurred by any member of the Sheriff's Mounted
Posse, or said members together with their equipment.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 10th day of January, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Attorney Cannon presented the proposed legislative changes to the Commission and
made the following explanation:

1.	Section 5 of Chapter 335, Statutes of Nevada, 1953 is proposed to be
amended to permit the City to buy property under contract.

2.	Section 5 of Chapter II of the Charter changes the city engineer to the
Director of Public Works and the city comptroller to the Director of Finance.

3.	Section 5½ of Chapter II of the Charter is also amended to change city
engineer to Director of Public Works and city comptroller to Director of
Finance.

4.  Section 6 of Chapter II of the Charter is changed so that a person wishing
to be a candidate for Mayor, Commissioner, City Attorney or Municipal Judge
must be a qualified voter of the City of Las Vegas instead of Clark County.

5. Section 18 of Chapter II of the Charter is changed so that the city comptroller
is the Director of Finance.

6.	Section 30 of Chapter II is changed so that the effective date of ordinances
is after the second publication. There is a second change so that when
codes are adopted by the City they do not have to be read.

7.	Section 31 of Chapter II subparagraph 82 is amended to permit the City to
purchase land under contract.

8. Section 31 of Chapter II, subparagraph 90 is changed to permit the installation
of curbs and gutters and make it lien on the property.

9. Section 42 of Chapter II of the Charter is amended so that the City comptroller
is the Director of Finance.

10.	Section 43 of Chapter II of the Charter changes the city comptroller to the
Director of Finance. There is also a change from the calendar to the fiscal
year.

11. Section 59 of Chapter II of the Charter is re-enacted which concerns assessment
districts and that the City will pay any cost over 100% of the value of the
property.

1-10-57

RESOLUTION -
Presidential Inaugural
Parade 

LEGISLATIVE CHANGES