The following being the form of "Notice to Bond Bidders" to be published once a week
for four consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal as is required by law.

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will receive
bids until three o'clock P.M. on the 12th day of April, 1934 for the purchase of sixteen bonds
of Las Vegas Sewerage Bond issue. Said bonds will bear interest at a rate not exceeding seven
per centum per annum, payable semiannually,	and will bear	date the first day of	July, 1931.

Said bonds are a portion of an	entire issue	consisting of	One Hundred Sixty (160) bonds in

the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, which mature $8,000.00 on the
first day of July in each of the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive. The bonds now pr posed to be
issued will commence with bond No. 17 and run consecutively thereafter up to bond No. 32 inclusive, 

the first maturity of eight bonds to mature on the first Cay of July, 1935, and the
second maturity of eight bonds	to mature on	the first day	of July, 1936.

Each bid, except the bid	of the State	of Nevada, is	one is received, must	be accompanied

by a deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified check payable to the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, and such will be returned if the bid is not ac-
cepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said
bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of hus or its
deposit will be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event said Board of Com-
missioners will elect whether or not it will accept the bid of the one making the next best
bid for the same amount of bonds. If there be two or more equal bids for the same amount of
bonds and such bids are the best received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said
board of Commissioners will determine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked. "For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,
1931, issue", and addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bids will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 12th day of April, 1934, at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. at the regular meeting place of said Board in the Commissioners
room in the office of the City Clerk in said City of Las Vegas. Bidders shall submit a bid
specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any above par, at which such bidder
will purchase the specified number of bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the
bidder will purchase the specified number of bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the
bidder making the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any
and all bids and readvertise, none of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued
interest, and no discount or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this 7th ay of March, 1934.

Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

By E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 16th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 16th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of March 1934 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down,

His Honor the Mayor, City attorney and Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration the amendment to the present liquor
ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

After some discussion on the various proposed amendments on motion of Commissioner Marble
seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that Subdivisions 8 and 9 of Section 16 of the
proposed amendment be changed to read" at such place or places as may be designated by the
Board of City Commissioners" in stead of " only in the zone designated in Section 4."

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble voting aye. Com-
missioners German and Down voting No. His Honor the Mayor not voting. Motion died for want of
a majority vote.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that Sec. 16
subdivision 5 read "for restaurant beverage licenses the sum of $100.00 per quarter."

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.