Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

FREMONT ADDITION At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
Dr. Kassabian	under date of October 15, 1951 concerning the request of Dr. Levon Ka-

ssabian for reversion of Lots 1 to 48, Fremont Addition to acreage,
was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved this matter be referred back to the Plan-
ning Engineer with the request that he contact Dr. Kassabian to see if
he is agreeable with the recommendation of the Planning Commission in-
sofar as the retention of the dedicated streets in this subdivision is
concerned, or if the doctor desires to have this left as is. Further
that this matter be reported on at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

RESUBDIVISION	A recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated October 15,

Blks 1 & 9	1951 concerning the resubdivision of Blocks 1 and 9, Meadows Addition

Meadows Addition         was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Tentative Map

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of the resubdivision of
	Block 1 and 9, Meadows Addition be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED REZONING	Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the

Westside	Regional Planning Commission on the rezoning of certain lots and blocks

in the Westside Area, a public hearing be held November 7, 1951 at the
	hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

AMENDMENT TO BUS	Commissioner Peccole moved the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign

FRANCHISE	the resolution as drawn to amend the bus franchise with the Vegas Transit

Vegas Transit Co.             Company, said resolution being as follows:

Resolution

 	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the application of the Vegas Transit Company for an
increase in fares for the transportation of passengers within the limits
of the City of Las Vegas has been duly heard and considered by the Board,
and it appearing to the Board that the granting of said application would
be just and equitable; and

WHEREAS, the said increase in tolls and fares should be effective
on September 1, 1951; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, and the Vegas Transit Company
have agreed in writing that the rates and tolls charged by the said company
may be increased or decreased after due notice and hearing,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That that certain Resolution

adopted on May 5, 1943, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, wherein and whereby the Vegas Transit Company was granted an ex-
clusive franchise to use the public streets of the City of Las Vegas for
the purpose of operating a bus line for the transportation of passengers
within the limits of the City, is hereby amended to read as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 3 of the Resolution of May 5, 1943, is
hereby amended to read as follows:

TOLLS AND FARES. The toll shall be fifteen cents (15¢)
for each continuous ride over one route with the privilege
of transfer from one route to another upon payment of an
additional toll of five cents (5¢). Such toll shall not
be increased or decreased except upon notice and public
hearing as herein provided.

Notice of Application for an increase shall be given by
publication in a local newspaper of general circulation
once a week for four (4) consecutive weeks, at the ex-
pense of the applicant, and by filing a copy of said notice
with the City Clerk at least thirty (30) days prior to
the public hearing of such application before the Board
of City Commissioners. Said notice shall state the terms