Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RETURN OF CHECK	Commissioner Moore moved the Clerk be instructed to return the certified check in

TO	the amount of $1,300.00 to Hannaford and Talbot that accompanied their bid and

HANNAFORD & TALBOT 	notify them they were the unsuccessful bidder.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

E. O. UNDERHILL DEED -	An agreement signed by E. O. Underhill and Loreine Underhill relative to the ex-

Extension of Oakey Blvd	tension of time to comply with the condition of their deed to the City of the ex-

tension of Oakey Blvd, was read to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this agreement be attached to and filed with the deed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GOLDEN NUGGET REQUEST Commissioner Peccole moved that the request of the Golden Nugget, or any other busi-
Loading Zone	ness firm, for a loading zone be denied.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	

TRAFFIC SIGNAL AT	The matter of putting a traffic signal in at the corner of South 5th Street and

5th & Clark Avenue	Clark Avenue was discussed. It was unanimously agreed to hold the matter in abey-

	ance until after January 1, 1951.



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the following liquor applications be denied;

New

Acme Liquor Robert C, Brodine, Jr.	1207 South Main	Sealed	Package	Mina.

Wilbert C. Roesselet	917 South 5th	Sealed	Package	Mina.

Choice Liquor Moe Taub	1735 South 5th	Sealed	Package	Mina.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Moore
and Peccole passed their votes.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS     Commissioner Whipple moved the following cigarette applications be granted:

VERA'S CAFE	Herb Rosenberg	415 Jackson

	ANDY'S LIQUOR STORE	Herb Rosenberg	D & Jackson

COURTHOUSE COFFEE SHOP	Janey M. Little	Clark County Courthouse

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ADA WEBER DEED	At this time His Honor read a letter under date of November 22, 1950 from the Regional

Planning Commission recommending the Board accept a deed from Mrs. Ada Weber for
	streets in the area adjoining Sixth and Oakey.

Commissioner Whipple moved the matter be referred to the City Manager for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT -	Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Planning

Ethel Smith		Commission under date of November 22, 1950 the request of Mrs. Ethel Smith to complete

	and occupy premises on Boston Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIANCE -	A letter under date of November 22, 1950 from the Planning Commission was read to the

Lorenzi Tract	Board relative to Mr. Charles L. Martin withdrawing his application from further con-

	sideration

The letter was ordered filed.

ZONE CHANGE -	At this time His Honor read a letter under date of November 22, 1950 from the Regional

Dr. Hemmington	Planning Commission recommending a Zone Change for southerly 200 feet, Block M, Park

		Place Addition.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing matter be referred to the City Manager for his
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SET-BACK OF	BUILDING	At this time His Honor read a letter under date of  November 22, 1950  from the Regional 

Scott's Studio	Planning Commission recommending the owner of Scott's Studio, 417 North Main Street,

	be compelled to move his building back to the established set-back line..

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing matter be referred to the City Manager for his
recommendation.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,

USE PERMIT -	At this time His Honor read a letter under date of November, 22, 1950 from the Regional

Kenneth Searles	Planning Commission recommending that permission be granted to Mr. Kenneth Searles to

install more units in the building which he is now completing on the northeast corner
	of South 4th and Hoover Streets.