Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for recommendation.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID OPENING 59.41	This	being	the time heretofore set	for	the	Bid	Opening	No. 59.41	for Pest Control 

Pest Control Service	Service	(1959-60 Budget), bids were received	 as 	follows:

Referred to Public Works	Pied Piper Exterm. Co. of Nevada	$ 774.00 per year

Morgan Pest Control	150.00	(?)

Ace Exterminating Co.	1,194.00	per year

Dewey Pest Control	1,452.00	per year

Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

(RECESSED 9:00 P.M. AND RECONVENED 9:15 P.M.)

REZONING (Z-1h-59)                 The Commission considered the application of Francis York for the reclassification
Francis York	of property located at 226 South 2nd, legally described as Lots 20 and 21, Block

13, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, from C-1 to C-2.

Approved

Planning Director Bills stated that the Planning Commission recommended approval
and indicated that similar consideration would be given to the rest of this block
but this could not be done at this time as it would have to be readvertised and 
  public hearing held according to law. He added that rezoning from C-1 to C-2 would
permit construction of a commercial hotel operation which is not actually permitted
in C-1 and if permitted would require off-street parking and it was felt this parking
was not needed. C-2 zoning would not require off-street parking.

Commissioner Sharp stated that in time this area should all be zoned C-2. Mayor Pro
Tem Whipple asked Mr. Bills if there were any protests and he replied that there were
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Francis York for the reclassification
of property located at 226 South 2nd, legally described as Lots 20 and 21, Block 13,
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, from C-1 to C-2 be approved and City Attorney instructed
to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

REZONING (Z-15-59)	The Commission considered the application of W. S. Rash, Jr. and Sam and Frances

W. S. Rash, Jr.	Stems for the reclassification of property located on the South side of East

and Sam and Frances                 Bonanza Road, West of Nellis Boulevard, from RE to R-2-T.

Sterns

Director of Planning Bills stated that R-2-T zoning provides that an application can
Approved	be made for a use permit to put in a Trailer Court. He added that the Planning

Commission recommended approval. In regard to two protests received he stated that
these protestants had horses and stables and they were afraid occupants of a trailer
court would object to their horses. Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone
present who wished to object and there was none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of W. S. Rash, Jr. and Sam and
Frances Stems for the reclassification of property located on the south side of
East Bonanza Road, west of Nellis Boulevard, from RE to R-2-T be approved and City
Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VACATION PETITION	The Commission considered the petition of Mr. Murray Wollman, Thomas T. Beam and

S. 13th between	Joe Cardinal for the vacation of the west 10' of right-of-way on the west side of

Charleston and Bonneville               South 13th Street between Charleston and Bonneville. There were no protests.

Planning Commission recommended approval.

Public Hearing

July 15, 1959	City Attorney Calvin Cory advised that date for public hearing should be set for

July 15, 1959, as it is required that not more than 40 or less than 30 days notice
be given.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the petition for the vacation of the west 10' of
 right-of-way on the west side of South 13th Street between Charleston and Bonneville be
approved and Public Hearing be held at 7:30 p.m. on July 13, 1959, at the regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

CHARLESTON ESTATES #1            The Commission considered the tentative map for Charleston Estates #1 submitted by
Tentative Map	Ernest Becker containing approximately 8 lots located north of Alta Drive immediately

east of the Red Rock School property. Approval was recommended by the Planning
Approved	Commission subject to the installation of all offsite improvements for the complete

street by the developer.

Planning Director Bills stated that this subdivision involved a trading of properties
between the School District and Mr. Becker and an agreement was reached whereby, if

6-3-59