Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
notify the Plumbing Inspector, L.R. Hikie, to inspect all the toilets in the City of Las Vegas,
and to report to this Board at the next regular meeting all those leaking or in need of
repair. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Hodgens and Gorton, His Honor the Mayor Pro
Tem, Dentner, Aye; Noes, none.

R.J. Oppedyk appeared before the Board to answer to complaints regarding the collection
of garbage. After reporting that many citizens failed to comply with the ordinance in regard
to placing garbage cans on the property line, and with regard to placing other than refuse animal
and vegetable matter in them, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Gorton, that Mr. Oppedyk hereafter report to the officers all violators'
of Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tern Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mr. Oppedyk asked to be relieved of his duties as special officer in charge

of the City Dumping ground, reporting difficulties in enforcing the ordinance.

Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, it was ordered that

the City Clerk notify the Street Commissioner, W.E. Arnold, to have signs placed in said Dump Ground

marked plainly "Dump Here" and " All persons disobeying this order will be prosecuted under

Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas". Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, and His Honor

the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following letter:

Carson City Nev.

May 11,1922.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk, City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Madam:

In reply to your letter of May 6th regarding a
Dodge Roadster and a Motorcycle which might be transferred to
the City of Las Vegas for use in the Police Department, will
	state that we have no Dodge Roadsters available bat will be

glad to transfer to the City one or more motorcycles for its
use. Its your representative will apply to our office Room 16
City Hall, Reno, with a letter requesting the transfer of this
equipment, we will be glad to make such transfer upon such a
request.

We have been unable to secure satisfactory touring
cars of any description from the Government. Such as we have
are in such condition that it requires from four to six
hundred dollars to place them in running condition and we have
not been asking for further shipments of this type of equip-
ment.

Yours very truly,

Geo. W. Borden 

State Highway Engineer.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded
by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that the Clerk of this Board write to said State High-
way Department asking them to transfer to the City of Las Vegas two motorcycles for use in the
Police Department, and to inform them that representatives of the City will call to receive said
motorcycles. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor, Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.

Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, a motion of
Commissioner Gorton, to adjourn until the 7th day of June, A.D. 1922, at the hoar of seven o'clock
p.m. was seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried. Voting Commissioners Hodgens Gorton
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.