354

SECONDHAND LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Nathan Baldridge for a Secondhand

Nate's Secondhand	License at Nate's Secondhand at 1207 South Main, he approved and the Supervisor of

License and Revenue authorized to issue the license. Police report is favorable on the
Approved	applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

PERMIT FOR SALE OF	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Willis A. Robinson for a Permit for Sale

FIREARMS	of Firearms at the Robinson Distributing Co.; 608 South 5th; be approved and the 

Robinson Distributing Co.                 Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permit. Police report is favorable

on the applicant.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

REZONING (Z-3-59)	The Commission considered the application of T. H. Anthenien for the reclassification of

T.H. Anthenien	Lots 13 and 14; Block 11; Ladd's Addition; generally located on the west side of South

14th Street between Carson and Bridger; from R-2 to R-3; amended by the Planning 
Approved	Commission to include Lots 12 - 16, Block 11, Ladd's Addition. This Amendment includes all of

the lots in this block which are now zoned R-2.

Approval was recommended by the Planning Commission and there were no protests.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of T. H. Anthenien for the reclassification
of Lots 12 - 16, Block 11, Ladd's Addition, generally located on the west side of South
14th Street between Carson and Bridger; from R-2 to R-3 be approved; and the City Attorney
instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS #10          The Commission considered the Charleston Heights #10 Tentative Map submitted by Charleston
Tentative Map	Heights; Inc.; consisting of approximately 60 acres located north of the Red Rock School.

Held in Abeyance	Approval was recommended by the Planning Commission subject to the following conditions:

1.	That the developer install a gravity flow sewer line in accord with all City
specifications.

2.	That the storm water drainage on the east end of the tract be contained within
natural drainage channels.

3- That the developer submit evidence that he has made arrangements satisfactory to

the school district to accept his proportionate share of the financial responsibilities
for providing an elementary school site to serve this area.

His Honor Mayor Baker questioned the legal point of these conditions and Deputy City
Attorney recommended that this matter be held in abeyance until it could be checked by
the City Attorney's Office.

Commissioner Fountain moved that approval of Charleston Heights #10 Tentative Map be
held in abeyance until it could be checked out by the City Attorney's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

GREATER LAS VEGAS #3	The Commission considered the Revised Tentative Map for Greater Las Vegas #3 submitted

Revision of Tentative	by the First Securities Co. of Nevada. This is a slight revision of the original tentative

Map	map consisting of a change in street design; thereby eliminating some cul-de-sacs.

Approved	Approval recommended by the Planning Commission subject to the condition (which was also

part of the original approval) that the developer install a gravity flow sewer line in
accord with all City specifications.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the revision of Tentative Map for Greater Las Vegas #3
be approved as recommended by the Planning Commission subject to the opinion of the City
Attorney's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

VACATION PETITION	The Commission considered the petition of J. J. McMahon; 602 Encanto Drive; et al; for the

BONANZA WAY	vacation of a portion of Bonanza Way in Biltmore #3. This is an existing half-street

located between Encanto Drive on the west and the Ninth Street School property on the east.

Public Hearing Set

for May 6, 1959	Approval was recommended by the Planning Commission. There were no objections by any of

the City Departments concerned; the School District or property owners. It was requested
that date be set to hold public hearing. Deputy City Attorney Sidney Whitmore advised the
Board that not less than 30 or more than 40 days notice of public hearing be given.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Public Nearing for the vacation of a portion of Bonanza Way
in Biltmore Addition; Annex No. 3; between Encanto Drive on the west and the Ninth Street
School property on the east, be held at 8:00 P.M. on May 6, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

CONCORDIA PLACE	The	Commission considered the application of H. J. Stocker for acceptance of Concordia Place;

Proposed Street	which is a cul-de-sac located on the north side of Oakey Blvd. between 15th and 16th Streets.

This proposed street is in accord with the over-all street plan that was recently approved
H. J. Stocker	for	this area including the property owned by Smitley; Blasco and Leavitt.

Approved	The	Planning Commission recommended that the street be accepted subject to the condition that

the owner sign an improvement agreement and submit a bond for the installation of all offsite
improvements in accord with the City standards and specifications. This improvement agreement
has been signed and bond has been posted.

4-1-59