Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The request of the First Good Shepherd Lutheran Church for renewal of
the variance granted them on March 7, 1956 to construct an addition to
an existing church at 301 Maryland Parkway was considered at this time.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that this request was
based on the fact that financial arrangements were not made within the
time allotted.

Mr. L. D. Burlingame, chairman of the Building Committee for the Church
was present at this time and advised the Commission they have received
their allotment and are ready to commence construction.

Commissioner Bunker moved the First Good Shepherd Lutheran Church be
granted a six months renewal to March 4, 1958 of their variance to
construct an addition to their church at 301 Maryland Parkway.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp passed his

vote stating that he has been working with Mr. Burlingame on this project.

The Commission considered the request of Mission Linen Supply Company for
a six months extension of time on the variance granted the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter Day Saints to construct a commercial laundry and linen
supply service on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and Bruce Streets,
granted December 5, 1956. It was indicated in the written request that
the architectural plans have been completed and are being checked by the
Building Department.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved a six months extension of time until March 4,

1958 on the variance granted the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints for the construction of a commercial laundry and Linen supply
service on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and Bruce Streets by Mis-
sion Linen Supply, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

A resolution entitled: "RESOLUTION ACCEPTING AN OFFER OF THE UNITED
STATES TO MAKE AN ADVANCE OF FEDERAL FUNDS TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
TO AID IN FINANCING THE COST OF A CERTAIN SURVEY, DESIGNATED SURVEY
PROJECT NO. NEV. R-l(S) was introduced by Commissioner Bunker. Said
Resolution was then read in full and discussed and considered.

WHEREAS, under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended and
supplemented, the United States of America (herein called the "Government")
has tendered to the City of Las Vegas (herein called the "Local Public
Agency") an offer, hereinafter mentioned, to make an Advance of Federal
Funds to the Local Public Agency to aid in financing a certain survey,
designated Survey Project No. Nev. R-l(S), in the urban area described
therein; and

WHEREAS, the Local Public Agency has given due consideration to
said offer.

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The offer of the Government to the Local Public Agency,
dated August 23, 1957, designated "Contract for Survey of an Urban Area,"
Contract No. Nev. R-l(S) (A), consisting of Parts I and II, under and
subject to the provisions, terms, and conditions of which the Government
would make an Advance of Federal funds to the Local Public Agency to aid
in financing the cost of a certain survey to determine whether the under-
taking, in the Urban Area, of one or more urban renewal projects may be
feasible, designated Project No. Nev. R-l(S), situated in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, is hereby in all respects accepted.

Section 2. The Mayor and the City Clerk are hereby authorized and
directed to sign and countersign, respectively, the duplicate originals
of the Government's offer.

Section 3. The Local Public Agency agrees to abide by all of the
provisions, terms, and conditions of said offer.

VARIANCE -	V-4-56

First Good Shepherd
Lutheran Church

Renewal of Variance



VARIANCE - V-21-56
Mission Linen Supply

Extension of Time

URBAN RENEWAL
Resolution
Offer of Funds
for Survey
Nev. R-l(s)