City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

At this time the Commission considered the child care license of the Baby-Tel Nursery.

Mayor Baker stated that a letter had been received from the Child Welfare Board indicating
that Mrs. Underwood has agreed to operate as a day care nursery, and withdrawing their
request that Mrs. Underwood show cause why her license should not be revoked.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that at the request of the Child Welfare Board
that the order requiring the Baby-Tel Nursery to appear and show cause whey their license
should not be revoked be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote.

City Engineer Wade presented the request of Charles J. Dorfman contractor for the con-
struction of the Outfall Sewer, asking for extension of time for the completion of the
project from January 21, 1957 to February 18, 1957. Mr. Wade stated that the additional
time was required due to the delay in pipe delivery at the beginning of the project, and
recommended approval of this request.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Charles J. Dorfman be granted an extension of time for the
completion of the Outfall Sewer from January 21, 1957 to February 18, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested that permission be granted to rent equipment to rough grade
Owens Avenue east to Nellis Boulevard and other related grading for a period of four
additional weeks.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be granted and a purchase order authorized in
the approximate amount of $1,000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Engineer Wade presented the request of George E. Miller, Contractor
for the installation of the water line on Hinson Street for extension of time for the
completion of this project from January 20, 1957 to February 8, 1957. Mr. Wade ex-
plained that the additional time was required due to delay in obtaining tapping machines
necessary to commence the work.

Commissioner Sharp moved that George E. Miller be granted an extension of time from
January 20, 1957 to February 8, 1957 to complete the installation of the water line
on Hinson Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer advised the Commission that the paving of Decatur Boulevard from Vegas
Drive to Hyde Park has been completed, and recommended that the work be accepted and the
bond released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the paving of Decatur Boulevard from Vegas Drive to
Hyde Park be accepted and the bond of Wells Stewart released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade reported that the paving of West Charleston from Campbell Drive to
Rancho Road has been completed, and recommended that the work be accepted and the bond
released.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the paving of West Charleston from Campbell Drive to
Rancho Road be accepted subject to the condition that Wells-Stewart be required to correct
deficiencies as stated in their letter of January 23, 1957, as soon as weather permits,
at the discretion of the Director of Public Works, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented a request for payment of the final estimate and release
of the retention to Allen & Failing in the amount of $2,160.25 for the installation of
the Sewage Treatment Plant Well. The Commission was advised that the notice of comple-
tion had been filed on January 23, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved payment of $2,160.25 be made to Allen & Failing for the installation
of the Sewage Treatment Plant Well subject to this contractor filing lien waiver with the
City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented a letter from the Department of Interior, Fish and Wildlife
Service granting temporary easement for Vegas Drive.

Commissioner Bunker moved this temporary easement be accepted and the Mayor authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BABY-TEL NURSERY

OUTFALL SEWER
Extension of Time

EQUIPMENT RENTAL

HINSON STREET WATER
LINE

DECATUR BLVD. PAVING
Release of Bond

WEST CHARLESTON
PAVING

Release of Bond

SEWAGE TREATMENT 
PLANT WELL
Final Payment

DECATUR BOULEVARD &
VEGAS DRIVE IMPROVE-
MENTS 