Las Vegas, Nevada
July 7, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 7th day of July, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Mgr	R. W. Notti

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved that payroll warrants #69l6 thru $7375 in the net amount
of $58,278.41 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants #52451 to #52623 inclusive
in the total amount of $50,441.87 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that minutes of June 16, 21 and 28, 1954, be approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple land His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing on the
application of Jack Wollenzien and Al Wendelboe for rezoning of their property
located at 3000 West Charleston Boulevard from R-E to C-1, the matter was
considered by the Board, and His Honor asked if there were any other objections
than those brought out on June 16, 1954.

Mr. Elwin Leavitt appeared before the Board at this time presenting several
petitions signed by property owners in this area who are protesting this rezoning.

Mr. Leavitt stated that this proposed rezoning was in the heart of a
residential area and would constitue a traffic hazard; further that there
were insufficient families in this area to make this venture successful.

Others who spoke in protest of this rezoning were as follows:	Mrs. Shegrue, Jack

Hassett, Jules Sarrett, Mr. Hammond, Mrs. A. W. Blackman, Judd Lilley, Robert and
Mrs. Iverson, Mrs. Weaver, George Franklin, sr., Mrs. Martha Klein, Fred Soly,

E. W. Cragin, Mr. Guffey, and Thomas Greenlaugh.

Jack Pursel, representing Jack Wollenzien and Al Wendelboe, appeared before the
Board at this time presenting an additional petition in favor of this rezoning.

Mr. Pursel stated that he felt this proposed shopping center would decrease rather
than increase the traffic on Charleston Boulevard as 90% of the traffic is caused
by residents of the West Charleston area going into town to do their shopping;
further that we have always had trouble with the traffic problem and one of the
best solutions is to take some of it out of the City. Mr. Pursel further stated
that instead of depreciating real estate values, he had been informed by real
estate brokers that such a shopping center in the community would bring the
property values up.

Others who spoke in favor of this rezoning application were as follows:	W. J. Carey,

Roy Killingsworth and Al Cahlan.

At this time the Mayor indicated it was the consensus of the Board of Commissioners
that this matter should be held for further advisement and deferred until July 9,

1954, at 7:30 P.M. at which time a decision will be made.

At the hour of 8:45 the meeting recessed. Meeting reconvened at the hour of
9:00 with all members present as of the opening session.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing on the
application of Kenneth and Mildred Burr for a use permit to operate and maintain
a child nursery at 721 East Charleston, the matter was considered by the Board.

At this time Father Carmody, representing the Child Welfare Board, reported that
they approved these premises as a child nursery with some changes, specifically
limiting the number of children to 25 with no more than 10 in the yeard at one time;
however, their investigation of Mr. and Mrs. Burr is not complete at the present
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for a use permit be denied
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting held July 7, 1954, having considered the application of Kenneth and
Mildred Burr for a use permit to operate and maintain a child nursery at 721 East
Charleston; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application

7-7-54

PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning Application
Wollenzien & Wendelboe



PUBLIC HEARING -
Use Permit Application
Kenneth & Mildred Burr
Denied