215

2.	That the building to be constructed on such property be of
type 1, 2, or 3 construction in order to comply with the
requirements for Fire Zone #2.

3.	That the building permit and the license to operate such a
business be granted only under the same conditions as
effect similar businesses in other commercial districts of
the City of Las Vegas.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE	On motion of Commissioner Baskin duly seconded by Commissioner

NO. 42 - Earl J. Webb Clark and unanimously carried the following recommendation of the
Lots 11-12, Block 7,	Planning Commission relative to the Zone Exception Case No. 42

Boulder Addn.	Earl J. Webb, Lots 11, 12, Block 7, Boulder Addn. Was adopted:

	1. That such commercial use be subject only to trade,

service, or retail establishment, and that the manu-
facture, processing or handling of materials or
articles usually conducted within an industrial
zone not be permitted.

2.	That the building to be constructed on such property
be of Type 1, 2 or 3 construction in order to comply
with the requirements for Fire Zone #2.

3.	That the building permit and the license to operate
such a business be granted only under the same
conditions as affect similar businesses in other
commercial districts of the City of Las Vegas.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE	On motion of Commissioner Baskin and duly seconded by Commissioner

NO. 43. R. L. Bigelow	Clark and carried unanimously the following recommendation of

Nevada Nursery	The Planning Commission relative to the zone exception case #43

	R. L. Bigelow, Nevada Nursery, West Bonanza Road was adopted:

1.	That the improvements contemplated be entirely incidental
to the conduct of the present use as a nursery for the
propagation and sale of plant materials, and limited

to existing structures now used or necessary in con-
nection therewith.

2.	That the external appearance of structures to be erected,
remodeled, or otherwise improved be of residential
character and in conformity with the architectural
appearance of the adjacent neighborhood, and that all
plans relative thereto be submitted to and approved

by the Planning Commission prior to the issuance of
building permits for same.

3.	That adequate building line setbacks be recognized
with regard to development of the frontage in keeping
with the adjacent off-street parking facilities for
vehicles incidental to the business or the conduct

of such business.

4.	No outdoor signs or other advertising displays, other
than one unlighted single or double faced sign not
exceeding twelve (12) sq. ft. in area and located not
nearer than ten (10) ft, to any street or highway,
any pertaining only to the identification of the
property on which it is located or to the products
produced on the premises.

5.	That the building permit and the license to operate
such a business be granted only under the same cond-
itions as affect similar business in the City of Las
Vegas.

RESOLUTION	On motion of Commissioner Baskin and duly seconded by Commissioner Clark

RE: REFUSE	and carried unanimously the following resolution was approved and adopted:

TRASH

	RESOLUTION #114

WHEREAS, it is common knowledge that undeveloped portions
of the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark have
generally become littered with huge quantities of trash,
rubbish, garbage, and other refuse, and

WHEREAS, this indiscriminate use of private and public
property creates ill appearance of a natural resource,
hazard to the public health, moral, safety, and general
welfare, and further violates all rules of trespass, and

WHEREAS the Las Vegas City Dump contributes materially
and substantially to these conditions and casts reflections
upon the community in such respect.

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Las Vegas-Clark County
Joint Planning Commission that it respectfully urge and
request, in the interest of protecting the character, social
advantages, and economic stability of agricultural, residential,
commercial, industrial, and other areas of our community,
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and the
County of Clark to initiate ways and means of rectifying and
correcting these conditions.