On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the fan formerly used in the Clerk's office be disposed of as said Clerk saw fit.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 12th day of August, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 12th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 12th day of August, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow, City Attorney
and City Clerk.

Dr. W.R. Smith, City Milk Inspector and members of the Milk Ordinance Committee appeared
before the Board in regard to securing milk inspection for milk passing through Las Vegas
from Salt Lake City to Boulder City.

Mr. Austin informed the Board that he was of the opinion that the Board of Commissioners
would legislate milk inspection only for milk distributed in the City of Las Vegas.

Attorney McNamee appeared before the Board in regard to the "bread or bakery route for
the Miller Bakery. After some discussion on this matter Mr. Miller was informed that he might
continue the operation of a "bakery route". But said route must be operated with out the ringing
of a bell and calls being made only at residences where his card appeared in the window inviting
him to call.

The gaming application of Mrs. Laura Kramer for 17 Fremont Street was taken under advisement
also the application of Dick Kalbus for a race horse Keno game at the Boulder Club Attorney
Austin was ask for a ruling on the legality of "Race Horse Keno" to be given at the next meeting
of the Board.

Harrison Stocks, representing the various contractors presented to the Board a form of
ordinance asking for changes in the present licenses covering same.

Said form of ordinance was handed City Attorney Austin for investigation.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the wholesale liquor license granted to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corp; for the present
quarter be revoked on the grounds that said business has ceased operations in the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Corradetti Luce and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. 

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, there are at present three wholesale liquor licenses issued and outstanding
in the City of Las Vegas, pursuant to Section 16 or Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas
(as amended), and whereas the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas are of the
opinion that three such wholesale liquor establishments are sufficient for the said City and
that it is for the public good and for the public welfare that no new wholesale liquor liquor 

licenses be issued and granted in said City,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that until the further order of this Board, it be and
is hereby established as the policy of this Board that no further wholesale liquor licenses be
granted to any person, firm or corporation, in addition to the three such licenses now issued
and outstanding.

Commissioner Ronnow moved the adoption of the foregoing resolution, and the same was
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and upon being put to vote was duly passed and adopted
by the following vote: Commissioners Corradetti, Luce Krause and Ronnow voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mayor Marble presented the name of W.J. Rhodes to the Board for consider-
ation as to the appointment of Building Inspector and Fire Marshall.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mr. Rhodes be appointed Building Inspector and Fire Marshall, to hold office at the
pleasure of the Board and to take office at once.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce Corradetti, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti informed the Board that He and Mr. Rhodes would make immediate
inspection of the City of Las Vegas in regard to fire hazards and report to the Board from
time to time of their findings.

The Clerk read a letter from H. Case, Las Vegas Fire Chief wherein Mr. Case ask to
be allowed to attend the National Convention of Fire Chiefs at Salt Lake City in Sept. and
also for $150.00 to cover cost of said trip.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that Mr. Case make the trip to Salt Lake City to attend said conference and that
the sum of $150.00 be allowed toward his expenses.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Hone.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the City Attorney take proper steps to see that all owners of signs violating the
City Sign ordinance take immediate steps to have said error corrected and the signs moved.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Corradetti, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. noes, none.