OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA JAN. 4, 1924.

At at regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of January, A. D. 1924, at the hour of seven-
thirty O'clock P. M. Present His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson
C. R. Shield, W. H. Elwell and F. E. Matzdorf, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the previous meetings were read and there being no comissions or corrections
were approved as read.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of the Board. The claim of
E. W. Cragin in the sum of $8.00 for services as stenographer in the municipal Court was laid over for
investigation. The claim of Wm. J. Crozier in the sum of $18.00 was reduced to $6.00 for the reason
the $12.00 of this amount is chargeable against the Fair Committee for work on the Fair grounds.

At this time F. E. Matzdorf presented his bond as Commissioner of the First Class in the
sum of One Thousand Dollars, with Ed. Von Tobel and J. J. Cannon as sureties thereon, the same hav-
ing been heretofore approved by W. J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners. There-
upon, it appearing that the said F. E. Matzdorf has taken the Oath of office as required by law, it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that said bond be
and the same is hereby approved. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none: Thereupon F. E. Matzdorf assumed his seat as Commissioner of
the First Class of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a gaming license for
two games at the Exchange Bool Hall, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
 Commissioner Matzdorf that said application be and the same is hereby granted, and the Clerk is directed
to issue a gaming license for two games to the said A. T. McCarter at the Exchange Pool Hall. Voting
Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye.

Noes, none. 

At this time the Clerk presented the application of E. H. Edwards for a gaming license for
two games at the Arizona Club, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commission-
er Shield, whereupon after due discussion, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded
by Commissioner Elwell, that said application be held up for investigation. Voting Commissioners And-
erson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German Aye, Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming
license for seven games at the Las Vegas Bar, the same having been thereto fore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Shield, Whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by
Commissioner Anderson, that said application be granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to issue said gaming license for seven games to Morgan, Stocker and Horden. Voting Commissioners Ander-
son, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of H. W. Ball, for a gaming license, for three



games at the Big Four, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner
Shield, whereupon it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell
that said application be granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming
license for three games to the said H. W. Ball.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 19, 1923.

From: Las Vegas Lodge #2, Shop Employes' Association.

To : Hon. W. C. German, Mayor of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Subject : Appointment of Railroad Man as Member of the Park Board.