2

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1538 and 1546

to 1153 inclusive in the net sum of $25,133.33 be approved and the
	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote? Commissioners
Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1541

WARRANTS	to 1545 inclusive in the sum of $31,483.31 be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
	Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissi oner Baskin.

WEATHER BUREAU LEASE	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to write

Extension	a letter to the weather Bureau regarding the extension of their

original lease No. W 868 eng 2386, informing them that in the event
that the City moves from the airport, that said lease will be terminated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioner	Clark moved that the City Manager	be instructed to have a

Used Car Dealers	meeting with	the local Used Car Dealers on the	proposed ordinance before

action is taken by the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

	Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	At this time an ordinance providing for the annexation of the Las Vegas

NO. 361 - Annexation	Union School District to the City of Las Vegas was read by title and re-
ef L.V. Union School	ferred to a committee composed of Commissioners Clark and Whipple for

District	report at the next regular meeting.

At this time City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall arrived.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	At this time	an ordinance amending portions of	Ordinance No. 349 (licensing

NO. 362 - Amending	was read to the Board by title and referred to a committee composed of

Portions of Ord.	Commissioners Clark and Moore for report at the next Regular Meeting.

No. 349 (licensing)

PROPOSED ORDINANCE 	The Committee composed of Commissioners Clark and Whipple asked for ad-

No. 356 - Fire Zones	ditlonal time to report on the proposed Ordinance adopting the suggestions

of the National Board of Fire Underwriters.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	At this time proposed Ordinance No. 357 amending portions of Ordinance

NO. 357 - Amending	No. 349 (licensing), was reported on favorably by Commissioners Moore

portions of Ord.	and Whipple. Thereafter said ordinance was read in full to the Board

No. 349		for the first time.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this proposed Ordinance No. 357
be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote?
Commissioners Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Clark
voting nay by reason that the City Attorney has not had an opportunity
to check the legality and constitutionality of said Ordinance. Absent:
Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	At this time proposed Ordinance No. 358 providing for the issuance of

NO. 358 - Taxicab	permits for Taxicab Stands, was reported on favorably by Commissioners

Stands - 1st reading	Clark and Moore. Thereafter said ordinance was read in full for the

first time.

Commissioner Moore moved that Ordinance No. 358 approved on its first
reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

	Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

[PROPOSED ORDINANCE	At this time proposed Ordinance No. 360 establishing a Regional Planning

NO. 360 - Regional	Commission, was reported on favorably by Commissioners Clark and Moore.

Planning Commission	Thereafter said Ordinance was read in full for the first time.

Commissioner Clark moved that Ordinance No. 360 be approved on its
first reading.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote;

Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	The Committee composed of Commissioners Clark and Moore asked for further

No. 359 - Curfew	time to report on the proposed Curfew Ordinance until it had been ascertained

whether or not the County and North Las Vegas were going to approve the
same type of ordinance.

REVISION OF CITY	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be instructed to prepare

CHARTER	a revision of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, with the

aid of any attorneys selected by the Clark County Bar Association willing
	to contribute their services therefor, which said proposed revised City Charter is

to be submitted to this Board for its approval and subsequently submitted
to the State Legislature for its approval