PURCHASE OF FOOTBALL
UNIFORMS

Bids to be secured

CASHMAN FIELD
Extension of Use

SEWER OUTFALL LINE
Emergency Repair —
Approved

PLANNING DEPARTMENT &
TRAFFIC & PARKING
COMMISSION
Office Equipment

TRAFFIC COMMISSION
Funds Allotted

CEMETERY - Increase
in fees

PROPOSED PURCHASE OF LOT
Off-Street Parking

PURCHASE OF PARKING
METERS



NORTH LAS VEGAS GRAVEL
PIT

Improvement of Streets



BID OPENING SET
2½ Ton Truck

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that bids for this playground equipment be opened on September 15,
1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The request of the City Manager for permission to purchase $3500 worth of football uniforms
for the Junior Football League was considered at this time. H. B. Trent, Supt. of Recreation
was directed to secure informal bids for these uniforms for the special meeting of the Board
to be held next week.

City Manager Rounthwaite presented a proposed redraft of the agreement with the Elks Club for
the City's use of Cashman Field. Mr. Rounthwaite explained that during the last year the
expense of putting this field back in shape after certain activities had been held was
quite heavy.

Mayor Baker stated that some study should be given to the City's own park area to be
developed so that we would not have to use this field.

It was decided that the Commission should meet with the elks and discuss the problem with
them.

The Board considered the request for approval of payment to George E. Miller of $1411.57
for emergency work on the outfall sewer line.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request for payment be allowed and payment to George E.

Miller in the total amount of $1411.57 approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager George Rounthwaite recommended approval of the request of the Planning Department
and Traffic and Parking Commission for expenditure of approximately $1105.00 for office
equipment.

The Board authorized the City Manager to extend the bid received for furniture for the
Public Works Department, known as Bid No. 54.28. It was further directed that the request for
an adding machine be deleted providing one is available for use by the Traffic Commission.

The Board considered the recommendation of the City Manager that $3939.00 from Traffic
Regulation Funds, derived from Parking Meters be allowed for salaries, equipment and
administration cost for the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request for $3939.00 for the Traffic and Parking Commissions
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the increase of $6.00 in opening and closing of grave fees for
the Cemetery Department be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the City Manager be authorized to offer $17,000 as a final offer
to Mrs. Guadalupe Santa Cruz for the purpose of purchasing her lot on 1st and Stewart Street
for Off-Street parking purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager requested permission to purchase 160 three-hour parking meters to be
installed in the City's new parking lots.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of the City Manager be approved and 160 new three
hour parking meters purchased.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

 The offer of the City of North Las Vegas to allow the City to use their gravel pit for the
improvement of McGovern, Owens, and Bruce Streets was considered at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this offer be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Director of Public Works, George Wade, requested that the Board set a date for the opening
of bids for a 2½ ton truck for the Fire Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved these bids be opened on September 15, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

9-1-54