Mayor Garrison requested Commissioner Tinch and the city engineer to investigate the
 feasibility of widening Fremont Street from Main Street to Fourteenth Street to 

coincide with the widening done to that point. And to estimate the cost of same and make
a report as soon as possible.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that he be authorized to obtain part to repair the garbage
truck. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city purchase 1900 tons of black-top from Wallace &
Wallace at the original unit price of $1.90 per ton. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.



Mayor Garrison appointed Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch to look into the matter
of furnishing the lobby of the Airport Administration Building and report at the next meeting.

Mayor Garrison made the following appointments permanent:	Commissioner Smith, Police

Commissioner Tinch - Streets; Commissioner Rubidoux - finance; Commissioner Clark - lights
and sewer.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that vouchers 730 to 733 be approved. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Garrison and Commissioner Smith commended Mr. Norton for the splendid work he
did as building inspector for the city of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of George Miller for a beer license at
Charleston and Main for the 4th quarter be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of E. P. Bihlmaier for a sealed package
liquor license at 123 Fremont Street be granted. Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of C. F. Reid for renewal of gaming license
at 224 N. 1st be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of William Graves for slot machine license
at F & Jackson be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application for gaming license at 1500 Fremont be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE





Meeting held September 15, 1942.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners, City of Las
Vegas, Countyof Clark,

TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, it being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State
Board of Finance, duly called and met in session under and pursuant
to the provisions of that certain Act of the Legislature of Nevada
entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, 

Towns, School Districts and Other Governmental Agencies" approved March
22, 1917, as amended, that a great necessity or emergency has arisen
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
necessity now exists authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan
 by and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners, City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark for the purpose of meeting such emergency as
exptessed in and shown by the premable and resolution unanimously
adopted at a meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, duly called and held on the 8th day of
September, 1942, authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set
forth in said resolution, a duly certified copy of which is now on
file and of record in the office of the State Board of Finance;
and

WHEREAS, It fuether appearing that notice of intention to adopt said
emergency resolution was duly published according to law; therefore,
be it

RESOLVED By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution
of said Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of Seventy
Five Thousand ($75,000.00) Dollars as in said resolution set forth
and authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it
further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted
by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of
City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark in order
that the same may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of said
Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark as 

provided by law.

I, Dan W. Franks, certify that I am the acting Secretary of the State
Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true, and correct
copy of a resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board
of Finance at a meeting held on the 15th day of September, 1942.

Dated this 15th day of September, 1942

Dan W. Franks

Acting - Secretary of the State Board of Finance.