548

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Property Owners Association invited the board of City Commissioners
to attend their meeting on the 14th day of March, 1950, to discuss problems relating to
City Government;

WHEREAS, the several Commissioners were given an opportunity to present various problems
confronting the City;

WHEREAS, helpful suggestions were received from the Property Owners Association by the
Board of Commissioners;

WHEREAS, such meetings are for the best interests of the City;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at a
meeting thereof, held on the 22nd day of March, 1950, by this Resolution, express its gratitude
to the Property Owners Association for the opportunity of meeting with them and discussing the
various problems that are so vital to the City and its inhabitants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION 168

Commissioner Peccole moved that the City Attorney prepare a resolution commending Bruce
Woofter  on his fine service to the City and expressing sympathy to his widow, and this
resolution be spread on the Minutes of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Moore.



RESOLUTION 169

On motion of Commissioner Peccole, duly seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried unanimously
the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of April, 1950, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 17th day of April,

1950, executed by E. 0. and Loreine Underhill to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the sane be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

—	- -oOo—-—

RESOLUTION 170

On motion of Commissioner Moore, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried unanimously,
the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of May, 1950, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 7th day of June, 1949
executed by C. S. Wengert and C. Leland Ronnow to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same bo recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Motion by Commissioner Moore, seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unanimously.

—

RESOLUTION 171

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of June, 1950, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds, dated the 27th & 28th of April
and the 4th of May, 1950, executed by W. R. & Gina W. Smith, Manuel Champo, Adeline H. Paddock,
William J. & Roberta W. Smart, Irvin A. & Gladys L. Stephens, and Thomas T. Beam, to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein sot forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.