165 

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner
Whipple moved that this meeting adjourn. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.	

ATTEST:	APPROVED

City clerk	Mayor

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 21, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 21st day
of November, l947, Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W.

Cragin, at the hour of 2:00 P.M., with the following members present:

Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple, City Manager, J. M. Murphy,
and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	C. Norman Cornwall, City

Attorney.

At this time a group of citizens appeared before the Board with Mr. Harry	

Claiborne acting as spokesman requesting a public hearing be held relative
to the discharge of Mr. Slark and Mr. Mohr from the Police Department.

After listening to Mr. Claiborne, Mayor Cragin stated that pursuant to the
provisions of the Charter the matter was in the hands of the City Manager.

and 19th

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of November 7th be approved	

	by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL	CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark	moved that	payroll claims #1304 and 1313-1319	inclusive

	in the net sum of	$21,464.33	be approved and the Mayor and City	Clerk

authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants #1320-1321
WARRANTS	inclusive in the sum of $8,668.63 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk

	authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and	

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TWA LEASE	Commissioner Clark	moved that	the proposed lease between TWA and	the

	City of Las Vegas be approved	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CHANGE ORDER #20	Commissioner Clark moved that change order #20 on the city jail in the sum

POLICE STATION	of $1443.40 covering a difference in the cost of the hardware be approved.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote;

Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

RETAIL BEVERAGE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Doris M. Hawkins for a

LICENSE: WESTSIDE retail beverage license at the Westside Tavern be approved. Motion seconded
TAVERN	by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and	His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING	APPLICATION Commissioner Clark moved that the	application of F. P. Rinaldi for a	Roto-

F.	P.	Rinaldi	lette gaming machine at the Monte	Carlo, 15 Fremont Street be denied	on the

	ground that it is not provided for by Ordinance. Motion seconded by	Com-
missioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

INFORMAL BIDS:	Two informal bids were received	on miscellaneous items heretofore let for

MISCELLANEOUS	bid under bid #4737 from Mr. G.	C. Barrilious, whose bid was in the sum

ITEMS -WILDCAT	of $170.00 and the bid of C. F.	Bryant who bid $25.00 on Item #4. Thereafter,

LAIR	Commissioner Whipple moved that	the foregoing bids be rejected. Motion

	seconded by Commissioner Baskin	and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CITY MANAGER	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager be authorized to dispose of

AUTHORIZED TO SELL	items heretofore let for bid under bid #4737 at the best available price.

ITEMS AT WILDCAT	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

LAIR 	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Mr. C. E. Cannon for one
C. E. CANNON	10¢ Mills and one 25% Mills slot machine at the All Nite Market, 921 South

	Main Street be approved, but that his application for one Draw Bell 5%

machine be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION Commissioner Baskin moved that the gaming application for the Eldorado Club,
ELDORADO CLUB,	Moe	Inc., by Moe-Sedway for 1-21, 2 Poker, 1 Pan, 1 Faro Bank, 1 Roulette, 1

Sedway	Craps at 128 Fremont be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.