Mr. Robert Wells, manager of the Laing-Garrett Company appeared be-
fore the Commission at this time to protest the requirement of a
general mercantile license in addition to his Plumbing Contracting
license. Mr. Wells explained that he is presently wholesaling to
established retailers and local contractors, and he felt that it
was unfair for him to have to pay a license based on his gross
volume of business, since he was wholesaling this merchandise.

Discussion was held in this regard and Mr. Wells was informed that
the Commission would determine the number of other businesses in
town in the same capacity before they would take any further action
on this matter.

The meeting recessed at the hour of 8:40 P.M. Commissioner Fountain
was excused from the remainder of the meeting due to illness in his
family.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:00 P.M. in the Mayor's Office
with the newly appointed members of the Youth Advisory Council. Those pre-
sent at this meeting were as follows:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Youth Advisory Council Members:

Mrs. Wendell Bunker
Mrs. Harvey Dondero
Mrs. Hank Greenspun
Mrs. Robert L. Gresham
	Mr. Fred Gillies

Dr. Charles I. West

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Mayor Baker introduced the members of the Youth Advisory Council and ad-
vised those present that Mr. Keith Ashworth would be here later in the
evening, and the other member of this new council, Mr. John Conway, was
out of town and would not be able to be present at this time. His Honor
also stated that Superintendent of Recreation, Bruce Trent was on vaca-
tion and was therefore unable to attend.

The Mayor expressed the appreciation of the Commission to the members of
the Council for their acceptance of appointment, and explained that it
was the feeling of the City that much can be accomplished by this group.
Mayor Baker said that it should be understood that this was not just an
honorary appointment and that lots of time and effort would have to be
spent going over the City's present recreational program, studying the
various phases of it in order to determine if sufficient facilities are
being provided, if they could be utilized more efficiently and if there
is need for additional emphasis on other forms of recreation. The Mayor
stressed the fact that recreation should be provided for the interests
of the majority of young people and that the City is reluctant to offer
those programs that only benefit a few and exclude the majority. He
also reminded the group that their's is a recommending board and that
specific action, especially wherein there is an expenditure of money,
would have to be taken by the Board of Commissioners. Mayor Baker as-
sured the members of the Youth Advisory Council that the Commission as
wells as the Department Heads and employees of the City, are most an-
xious to cooperate in anyway possible and any information or assistance
that they require is here for the asking.

His Honor suggested that perhaps there are a number of sources of ad-
ditional financial assistance that is available if this group can or-
ganize, plan recreational programs and convince local service organiza-
tions and individuals that their donations are being used wisely.

The Mayor suggested that the group first of all organize, possibly elect
a chairman or temporary chairman, secretary and also determine the length
of the terms of the members of this Council. Mayor Baker further sug-
gested that these terms of office be staggered, possibly two for one year,
two for two years, two for three years, and two for four years, so that
there will always be experienced members on the Council.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he was very pleased with the selection of
the members of this Council, and felt confident that a lot of good would
be accomplished. He advised that there was a lot to be done, but he felt
confident that the Superintendent of Recreation Bruce Trent was very cap-
able and would cooperate with the group in any manner possible. Mr. Bunker
stated that he was certain the Commission was willing to give the group
a great deal of latitude, and suggested that they should familiarize them-
selves with the present recreational facilities first of all. He explained

BUSINESS LICENSE
Protest

YOUTH ADVISORY
COUNCIL