	Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada

December 31st, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel Mayor protem, with
Commissioners Coughlin and Mc Govern being present there being a quorum present the Mayor protem
Ed. Von Tobel called the meeting to order.

This being the time set by the Board for the approving and passing on all Liquor licenses
in the City of Las Vegas, for the year 1913, the clerk then proceed to read before the following
applications towit:-

No. 1, George A Zee Retail Liquor establishment
No. 2, J.H. Franklin	"	"	"

NO. 3, C.A. Haller	"	"	"

No. 4, Henry Jackson	"	"	"

No. 5, Anita Gonzales	"	"	"

No. 6, John F. Miller	"	"	"

No. 7, Daniel Hickey	"	"	"

No. 8, Kramer and Houck "	"	"

No. 9, Al James	"	"	"

No.10, J.H. Horden "	"	"

No. 11, Merit Pollard "	"	"

No. 12, George Bardoni "	"	"

No. 13, Henry Squires "	"	"

No. 14, Ed Van	"	"	"

No. 15, Robert H. Schaffer	"	"

No. 16, Annetta Burt "	"

No. 17, Pecetto and Graglio "	"

No. 18. Lon Groesback	"	"

No. 19, Wharton Drug Company	"	" (Drug	store)

No. 20, Ed W. Clark (Wholesale liquor establishment.

Thereupon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Mc Govern the following resolution was duly

adopted; Resolved that applications for permit for liquor Establishments filed with this Board

be and the same are hereby allowed as read. and be it further resolved that each of said permits



be granted for the year 1913. beginning January 1st, A.D. 1913 and ending December 31st, A.D. 1913.

for an covering the business set forth in the application and upon the premises as designated
in the said application respectively and that the City Clerk issue to the said applicants formal
permits in accordance with said permits and the ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
relative thereto, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Coughlin
and Mc Govern with the Mayor protem voting , aye, Noes, none. There after there being no further
business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this meeting be
adjourned.