BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Mr. B. M. Jones appeared before the Board at this time and requested that he be
granted permission to connect with the City's water line adjacent to the B. M. Jones
Tract. The City line has to do with the sprinkling system for the Madison Street
School.

Mr. Wade explained that this would be to the benefit of the City as there would be
uniform water pressure and requested this be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that B. M. Jones be granted permission to connect with
the City's water line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent; Commissioner Bunker.

The National Guard Armory requested at this time that they be granted permission
to connect with the City's water line in the vicinity of Sunrise Acre Park.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the National Guard Armory be granted permission to
connect with the City's water line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Director of Public Works, George E. Wade, then requested permission to provide temporary
sidewalk into North 4th Street. This request by Shelton Mill & Construction Company.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this request be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Wade then presented the request of J. Norman Helgeson, contractor on the Nevada
Room for permission to have a sidewalk elevator installed on North 2nd Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this request be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

City Engineer George Wade then requested permission to purchase the Berger Rental
Transit now being used while the City owned transit being repaired. Mr. Wade stated
that this would be very worthwhile and of benefit to the City and the transit presently
owned needed to be repaired. This transit could be obtained for $450.

Discussion followed among the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this request be approved and the City Engineer
granted permission to purchase said transit for his department.

Seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. M. C. Long of the Building Department presented a petition received September 2nd
protesting the proposed school for retarded children at 310 North 9th Street. This
is an R-4 zone and private schools are allowed in such a zone. No action was taken
on this matter.

The request of the American Linen Supply Company for a building permit for construction
of a garage for their trucks in conjunction with the new building they are presently
erecting. Mr. M. C. Long explained that this combination garage and warehouse would
be a two story building with the warehouse facilities on the second floor and the
first floor would actually be without walls, to be a place for parking trucks for
unloading. The second floor would be supported by stilts.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the proposal of the American Linen Supply Co.
for garage and warehouse be approved and a permit issued subject to plan check.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

At the hour of 9:15 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9:25 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The request of the proposed Fremont Hotel on the comer of 2nd and Fremont to
excavate and install a 100-car parking garage in the basement of this hotel and
permission to erect a temporary sidewalk passage in the right-of-way was considered
at this time.

The construction area is 130 feet by 200 feet. Discussion was held on the proposed
basement parking area.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this request for an excavation permit be
approved subject to the owners entering into an agreement to hold the City harmless
and further conditioned on their securing approval of the plans and design and
posting a bond to insure the City against damage.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

9-15-54

WATER LINE
B. M. Jones

WATER LINE

National Guard Armory

TEMPORARY SIDEWALK
North 4th St.

SIDEWALK ELEVATOR
North 2nd St.

PURCHASE BERGER RENTAL
TRANSIT
Approved

SCHOOL LOCATION
310 North 9th
Protest

BUILDING CODE VARIANCE
American Linen Supply
Co.

EXCAVATION & SIDEWALK
PERMITS
Fremont Hotel