On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Marble the following Liquor and
Slot Machine Licenses were granted. Application being in proper form and money on file with
the City Clerk to cover same.

Newel Peterson, Retail Beverage 5½% for 217 North Main Street,

Frank W. Lancaster, Retail Tavern for 109 North 1st, Street,

E. P. Bihlmaier for 15 Slot Machines.

J. A. Prato for	1 Slot Machine

L. L. Arnett for	4 Slot Machines

Read City Drug for 3 Slot Machines
Vegas Sweet Shoppe for 1 Slot Machine
A. H. Stevenson Jr, for 1 Slot Machine
W. J. Lincoln for 1 Slot Machine

Ed. D. Ciliax for 2 Slot Machines. Vote on same being as follows; Commissioner Down,
Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

A Motion was made by Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Marble to instruct
the City Attorney to draft a letter with the Mayor's signature, to request the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company to furnish the City with a quit Claim deed to the City Park	This being requested

in order that the existing restrictions covering this area might be lifted in order to allow such
building or use of the park as 	the Board deemed necessary	 from time to time.

Vote on same being as follows; Commissioners Down,	Farnsworth, Marble	and	Ward and His	Honor the

Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None..

A discussion was then taken up as to proper means and ways to be used in filling in of the
north east section of the park race track. After due consideration and discussion in the matter
it was deemed best and advisable to instruct and authorize Commissioner Marble to use and hire
such equipment and trucks as necessary to complete this job.

Motion was made by Commissioner Ward and seconded by Commissioner Down, to authorize the
City Engineer, C. D. Baker to proceed with the necessary survey on North fifth street for the State
Highway construction. Vote on same being, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

At this time a motion was	made by Commissioner	Marble and seconded by	Commissioner	Farnsworth

to authorize the City Attorney	to write Mr. Barry Dibble, to stand by	for	a call to accompany

the Board of Commissioners to Carson City on October 25th, to attend the protest meeting with the
Southern Nevada Power Company. Vote being as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and
Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

The trip to Carson City by the Board of Commissioners to attend the protest meeting before
the Colorado River Commission with the Southern Nevada Power Company, was then discussed, and
upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, the Mayor and Commission
were authorized to make the trip on this matter and to attend this meeting, being held on
October 25th, and to draw on the City funds for the necessary expenses to be incurred therewith.

Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this tine, The board then recessed until
October 29th, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 29th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 29th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent City Attorney Taylor.

The following slot machine applications were presented to the Board for consideration,
and upon motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Ward same were granted:

J.T. Watters, 7 slot machine licenses

Professional Drug store, 2 slot machine licenses.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion on the action of S.J. Lawson against
the City of Las Vegas, and the Board of City Commissioners. After some discussion on the
matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, S.J. Lawson has instituted an action in the District Court of the Eighth Jud-
icial District of the State of Nevada and for the County of Clark, against the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, L.L Arnett, Mayor
of said City, and James H. Down, H.P. Marble, M.E. Ward, and David Farnsworth as members of
the said Board, the nature of which suit is to restrain the said City and Board of Com-
missioners from proceeding further with an ordinance providing for a bond issue to est-
ablish or acquire a municipal power system and other matters, and