Commissioner Whipple moved the rezoning of corner of Charleston Blvd., and Shetland from
R-A to R-l be approved.

REZONING
Dan Hartwell

PLUMBING BOARD
Harry Claiborne

BIDS

Improvement Oakey Blvd.
Ideal Asphalt

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the request for rezoning of the area
in the vicinity of Charleston, Desert, Shadow and Palomino Lanes from R-A & R-E to R-l
His Honor asked if there was any present who wished to object to this rezoning.

There were no objections voiced or filed.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the
rezoning of the area in the vicinity of Charleston, Desert, Shadow and Palomino Lanes
from R-A & R-E to R-l, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Pursuant to the request of the Board of Commissioners, Mr. Harry Claiborne, attorney,
was present to discuss the charges he had formerly made against the Plumbing Board.

He presented the Commissioners a petition pertaining to one applicant, Charles Weber
who felt he had the proper qualifications when taking the test given by the Plumbing
Board but was not given a fair chance.

Mr. George Marshall on the behalf of the Plumbers Board questioned whether study had
been made by the members of the Board of Commissioners.

Commissioner Whipple informed Mr. Marshall that three Ordinances had been prepared and
Commissioner Jarrett and Whipple were to report back to the commission.

Mr. Marshall requested a special time be set for the discussion of this matter so the
people involved could be present.

Mr. Jack Hynds a member of the Plumbing Board was present and stated to the Board that
there would be another examination given and Mr. Charles Weber would be allowed to take
another examination.

Commissioners Whipple and Jarrett requested additional time before reporting on the
following Ordinances, Plumbing Code, Board of Appeals, Inspection Boards. This
request was granted and held in abeyance.

This being the time for recommendation on bids for the installation of improvements on
Oakey Blvd., the only bid having been received was as follows;

IDEAL ASPHALT CO.	$12,728.50	October 17, 1952

The estimate given the by the City Engineer to the City Manager was in the sum of $9,797.00.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the bid of Ideal Asphalt Pavement of Oakey Blvd. be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker
passed his vote.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the City go to the expense of putting in a temporary roadway
from the Gasoline Tax fund to pave Oakey Blvd. through 5th and immediate steps be taken to
set up an Assessment District by permanent paving job from 5th to 10th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the City Engineer be directed to prepare the necessary plans,
diagrams, and estimates on the Oakey Blvd., job for an assessment district and to be placed
on file in the City Clerks office., and the following Resolution adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote;
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION

Commissioners

WHEREAS, Oakey Boulevard between Fifth and Tenth Street in the City of Las Vegas,
is without adequate street improvements; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that this street be improved,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of November, 1952, that the City Engineer
be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk, Plats, Diagrams, and
plans of the work and the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of cost for
constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters and concrete valley
gutters wherever needed on the following described street, to-wit:

On Oakey Boulevard between Fifth and Tenth Street, as the same appears
upon the records in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada.

ADOPTED and APPROVED THIS 5th day of November, 1952.

______

MAYOR

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk

BY:BERNICE STIMS0N
Chief Deputy Clerk