Thereupon said objection was denied by the Board, thereupon the Clerk asked said H.E. Squires if
he was Guilty or not Guilty of the offence as charged in the complaint, thereupon the said H.

E. Squires refused to plead after being given a chance to plead in said cause.

Thereupon the Board proceeded to hear the evidence in said matter as follows;

Mr Van Ness, W.A. Taylor, Bert 0. Malley, Fred Davission, Joe Nakaka were all called sworn and
testified in the matter and cross examined by counsel for the said H.E. Squires, thereupon
H.E. Squires sworn and testified in the matter, Chas. Allen, F.A. Waite was also called sworn
and testified in the matter.	

Whereupon at this time the Board retired in executive session to consider said Charges and
after due consideration upon the part of the Board they returned and made the following resolution 

as follows Be it recommended that the said Henry E. Squires pay to the said Mr Van Ness
the sum of $208.75 money claimed to have been lost by the said Mr Van Ness in a card game
conducted in the said House of the said H.E. Squires, and further that this Board reserve its
decision in this matter until its next regular meeting in October 1917.

The vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Ullom
aye, Ball Aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board atdnd adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
Las Vegas, Nevada October 3rd, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of the City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada Present all Members of the Board including the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board
Reports of officers read and approved as read.

This being the time set by the Board for considering the revocation of the retail Liquor license
of Henry E. Squires of the Squires Hotel and it appearing to the Board that the said Henry Squires



has complied with the recommendations made at the last meeting of this Board by filing with this
Board a receipted receipt from Mr Van Ness, it was upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded
by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that said Complaint be and the same is hereby dism-
issed by this Board the vote on said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf
No. Elwell aye, Ball aye Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor Aye,

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of a transfer of a retail Liquor license
of Henry E. Squires in the Squires Hotel to O.E. Barnett of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, and it
appearing to the Board that a bonified transfer has taken place of said retail liquor business
it was upon motion of commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried

ordered that said transfer be and the same is hereby granted, the vote on said resolution being

	

as follows towit; Commissioner Matzdorf, No, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the
Mayor voting aye.

At this time Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf offers to resign from his said office of police and
Fire commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, but upon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered by the Board that this meeting stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.