Consideration was again given to the easement from the Union Pacific Railroad for
street purposes on Highland Drive from Charleston to Bonanza Road.

Discussion was held and the City Manager was instructed to write to the President of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company and request that a right-of-way deed for this prop-
erty be presented. The Commission further requested that the UPRR be reminded of their
promise of several years ago at the time their property was rezoned, that this right-
of-way for Highland Drive would be submitted to the City.

Franklin Bills, Director of Planning presented the resignation of J. A. Tiberti from
the Board of Zoning Adjustment. Mr. Bills explained that Mr. Tiberti had been appointed
originally on a temporary basis, and did not feel that he could continue on this Beard
because of the press of personal business and a recent appointment to the Southern
Nevada Planning Co-ordinating Committee, in addition to his service on the City of Las
Vegas Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the resignation of J. A. Tiberti from the Board of Zoning
Adjustment be accepted and Mr. Tiberti sent a letter of thanks for his very fine service
in this regard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. William Borin, member of the Planning Commission of
the City, be appointed as a member of the Board of Zoning Adjustment to replace the
vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Tiberti.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Harry Levy be reappointed as a member of the Housing
Authority of the City of Las Vegas for a period of four (4) years from the expiration
of his term on June 6, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston 0. Hawkins presented the matter of the request of George
Rudiak, attorney for A1 Ripps, operator of Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont, that the
trial set in District Court for June 4, 1956 be requested continued until after the Nevada
Supreme Court decision has been rendered in the appeal now before it.

Discussion was held and the Commission instructed the City Attorney's office to go ahead
to prepare for the District Court Trial concerning the condemned building at 106 Fremont,
set for June 4, 1956 and Mr. Rudiak's request denied.

The Commission discussed the citations now being issued by the Police Department and
problem of the fact that the bail schedule's not being indicated on said ticket. The
Commission further discussed the feasibility of enacting an ordinance that would set
these bail fees so that tickets could be printed that would have the schedule printed
thereon to advise the recipient how much and where to post bail.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an
ordinance on bail fees.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and seconded by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

It was requested that Municipal Judge S. George Gilson be notified to meet with the
Commission on May 16, 1956 at 9:00 P.M. to discuss this ordinance.

At this time discussion was held on the proposal for revision of procedure on business
license collections. It was outlined that the following changes be made:

1.	A permanent license and number be issued whether fees are collected annually, semi-
annually or quarterly. The effect of this change is to separate issuance of licenses
and collections of license fees so that it is not necessary to issue a new license each
payment period.

2.	That Post Card billing be adopted. The result of this change is to make collection
of license fees a "billing and collection process" instead of the present method of
collection and issuance of a license each quarter.

3.	That permanent plate licenses be issued for gambling devices, cigarette machines,
coin-operated amusement machines and other applicable machines, regardless of whether
fees are payable annually, semi-annually or quarterly. This would assist inspectors
in checking as to whether fees have been paid and would also permit certain transfers
from one machine to another. It would materially reduce clerical work in typing up
individual licenses each payment period.

That a minimum business license fee of $50.00 per annum be adopted, not refundable
in any case. This should tend to reduce the number of applicants who are in busi-
ness a short period of time and are perhaps not particularly desirable from a
community standpoint.

5. That a Gross Sales Certificate in place of the present Gross volume of Business
Affidavit be adopted. The former will be part of the Post Card Billing. The
License Department will enclose a pre-addressed return envelope in which payment and
executed Certificate may be mailed to the City. This step will eliminate licensees
bringing the certificate to the License office to be sworn to and consequently reduce
the number of people personally contacting the License office.

6. The average annual gross sales by type of industry (i.e. Grocery Store broken into
categories of Chain Stores, Neighborhood Stores and Grocery Wholesalers) be estab-
lished. These figures will be used as a guide for persons filing new applications.

If there should be an overpayment at the end of the period covered in the initial
application, refund will be made, but in no event will the applicant be charged less
than $50.00 for the initial period.



EASEMENT - UPRR
Highland Drive



BOARD OF ZONING
ADJUSTMENT
Resignation of J.A.
Tiberti

Appointment

HOUSING AUTHORITY
Appointment

CONDEMNED BUILDING
Mike's Liquor Store

MUNICIPAL COURT BAIL

BUSINESS LICENSE
PROCEDURE