FIRE STATION SITE
Utah & Industrial
Property Purchased

Discussion was held on the closing of the escrow for the purpose of the site for the
proposed new fire station to be located at Utah and Industrial Roads. It was pointed
out that the original approval of this purchase had been approved by the Commission
on February 2, 1955.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that this purchase of property for the fire station
site be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant in the amount
of $39,000.00 plus escrow fees when the same has been prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; nay, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; nay, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING

Re zoning
Billy Wallace

Z-10-55

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 1, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
 1st day of June, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Sharp moved the payroll warrants Numbers 2614 through 3089 in the net amount
of $62,728.71 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the service and material warrants Numbers 3192 to 3329 inclusive,
in the total amount of $73,277.81, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of May 11, 18 and 23, 1955 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Mrs. Billy Wallace for
rezoning of Lot 21, Block 1, Van Patten Tract #1, and Lot 22, Block 1, Van Patten Tract #2
(Z-10-55 approved by the Planning Commission) the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Mrs. Billy Wallace for rezoning of Lot
21, Block 1, Van Patten Tract #1, and Lot 22, Block 1, Van Patten Tract #2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-25-55

6-1-55