Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended the work on the Sewer Diversion at
16th and Charleston be accepted and the request of the contractor George E. Miller Co.
for payment of 10% retention approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the work on the sewer diversion project at 16th and Charleston
be accepted and payment of the 19% retention to George E. Miller Co. in the amount of
$431.83 approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the easement from Max Chason to the City for a portion of North
"A" Street south of the Southern Nevada Disposal Co. to be used for drainage purposes.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement dated
the 6th day of August, 1956, executed by Max Chason, a single man to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the deed from D. H. Hand for a portion of Gold Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RE SOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
1st day of August, 1936, executed by D. H. Hand and Virginia Jean Hand, husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the quitclaim deed from M. M. Sweeney for a portion
of South 6th Street, at the intersection of 6th and Franklin.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
8th day of August, 1956, executed by M. M. Sweeney to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board

The Commission considered the patent received from the United States Government for 12.5
acres in Section 36, T20S, R60E, MDB&M.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, that Patent No. 1162527, dated the 26th day of July, 1956,
executed by the Bureau of Land Management for all title of Government Lots as set out
in the aforementioned Patent and described in Document 85854 in Book 104 of Official
Records, recorded August 7, 1956 in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County
Nevada, be and it is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Patent, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution filed in the records of this
Board.

Supervisor of Building and Safety Art Trelease recommended the application of Victor
Bongberg to move a small structure from Clark County to 117 Palm Lane be approved. Mr.
Trelease stated that Mr. Bongberg intends to use this building as a storage house for
garden equipment and will meet the requirements of the Code.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Victor Bongberg to move a
structure from Clark County to 117 Palm Lane be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SEWER DIVERSION
16th & Charleston
Acceptance & Final
Payment

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS

Easement - No. "A" St.
Gold Avenue



South 6th St.



RESOLUTION -

U.	S. GOVERNMENT

Patent for
Sec. 36-20-60



HOUSE MOVING

V.	Bongberg

