231 

SUB-DIVISION	The following recommendation was received from the Planning

WESTWOOD PARK	Commission relative to the tentative map of Westwood Park:

TENTATIVE MAP

Transmitted herewith is a tentative map for a proposed subdivision of
	a portion of the NW 1/4, Section 4, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M. which

is approximately fourteen (14) acres of unsubdivided land located
on the south side of West Charleston Boulevard just south of the
Clark County General Hospital. A City Map is enclosed to show the general
location.

At a regular meeting held April 13, 1948, the Joint Planning Commission
conditionally approved this tentative map and transmits same,
designating improvements which are recommended be made by the
subdivider. Other requirements are also indicated which are recommended
in connection with approval of the final subdivision map.

CONDITIONS

1.	Streets

a.	Graded and surfaced to widths as indicated on map,

thirty-six (36) ft. minimum paving width, curb to curb.

b.	Curbs and gutters - concrete, "L" type.

c.	Driveways - where car storage space on any lot is accessible
from the street, provisions should be made for driveways
extending from the street pavement to garage, including
approved surfacing where driveways may slope to street, and
in all eases between curb and property line. Where there

is no garage, such driveways should be provided at least
to the building line or any carport or automobile storage
space behind said building line.

d.	Street trees - if planted by the developer, shall be of
hardy, uniform variety, approved by the City of Las Vegas,
planted along all streets at intervals of not less nor
more than forty (40) ft. (except where such interval may

be varied due to driveways, etc.),

e.	City engineer to approve all profiles, cross sections and
construction specifications.

2.	Lots

a.	All of the lots included in the northerly eleven (11) acres

parcel shall be designated R-l, Single Family Use, with
a minimum total area of 7,000 sq. ft., and a minimum width
or frontage of sixty (60) ft.

b.	All of the lots in the remaining, or southerly portion of
said tract shall be designated R-E, Residence Estate Use,
with a minimum total area of 20,000 sq. ft., with not more
than one single family dwelling together with accessory or
incidental uses on each lot.

c.	Corner lots to be considered with regard to the establishment
of uniform frontage with relation to opposing lots on the
same street or streets. This may be accomplished either by
adjusting said lots as reverse corner lots, or by a proper
restriction or covenant concerning the architectural control
and structural development on said lots.

3.	Easements

Uniform and continuous easements to be required at all rear
lot lines for utilities service.

4.	Utilities

All lots improved shall be served with:

a.	Adequate public domestic water supply, including fire
hydrants for fire protection - Fire Chief to approve
location and kind.

b.	Sanitary sewer - City system.

c.	Electricity

d.	The subdivider or developer shall furnish statements from
the utilities with which agreements have been made to service
the tract, certifying that said utilities will furnish the
service s necessary.

5.	Rights of Way.

The final map of this tract will not be approved for recording
unless and until complete and adequate rights of way
are secured in adjacent or contiguous properties to complete
the street system in this area.

The installation of improvements is to comply with specifications and
standards of the City of Las Vegas.

Approval of the final subdivision map shall not be made until all
Street profiles, cross sections, grading plans and architectural
arrangements of housing units are submitted to and approved by the