On Wilson (formerly Gass), Morgan (formerly Stewart), and on Washington
Avenues, from the West to the East Tract line of the Amended Original Plat
of the Las Vegas Townsite, as recorded in Book I of Plats, Page 17B on file
in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; and on "A”

Street (formerly Railroad and 1st Streets), "B" Street (formerly 2nd Street),

"C" Street (formerly 3rd Street), "D" Street (formerly 11th Street), "E"

Street (formerly 5th Street), "F" Street (formerly 6th Street), "G" Street
(formerly 7th Street), from the South boundary to the North boundary of the Amended
Original Plat of the Las Vegas Townsite.

On Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van Buren, and Har-
rison Avenues from the West boundary to the East boundary line of Valley View
Addition to the City of Las Vegas as recorded in Book I of Plats, page 50
in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; and on "A" Street
(formerly 1st Street), "B" Street (formerly 2nd Street, "C" Street (formerly
3rd Street), and "D" Street (formerly 4th Street) from the South boundary to
the North boundary line of Valley View Addition to the City of Las Vegas;
and on Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van Buren
and Harrison Avenues from the West boundary to the East boundary line of
the H. F. M. & M., Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as recorded in Book I
of Plats, Page 47, in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nev-
ada; and on "E" Street (formerly 5th Street), "F" Street (formerly 6th Street),
and "G" Street (formerly 7th Street (from the South boundary to the North
boundary line of the H. F. M. & M., Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada; and on "H" Street from the North property line of Bonanza Road (for-
merly Clark Avenue) to the North line of Section 28, Township 20 South and
Range 6l East of M. I). B. & M.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of February, 1952, that the City
Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare, and file with the City Clerk, plats,
diagrams and estimates of cost for grading and constructing gravel base, concrete curb
and gutter and concrete sidewalk, together with sufficient storm drainage facilities
necessary to provide adequate drainage, wherever needed on the following described streets
and portions of streets, to-wit:

On Wilson (formerly Gass), Morgan (formerly Stewart), and on Washington
Avenues, from the West to the East Tract Line of the amended Original Plat
of the Las Vegas Townsite, as recorded in Book I of Plats, Page 17B on file
in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; and on "A"

Street (formerly Railroad and 1st Streets), "B" Street (formerly 2nd Street),

"C" Street (formerly 3rd Street), "D" Street (formerly 4th Street), "E"
Street (formerly 5th street), "F" Street (formerly 6th Street), "G" Street
(formerly 7th Street), from the South boundary to the North boundary of the
Amended Original Plat of the Las Vegas Townsite.

On Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van Buren, and
Harrison Avenues from the West boundary to the East boundary line of Valley-
View Addition to the City of Las Vegas as recorded in Book I of Plats, page
50 in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; and "A" Street
(formerly 1st Street), "B" Street (formerly 2nd Street), "C" Street (formerly
3rd Street), and "D" Street (formerly 4th Street), from the South boundary
to the North boundary line of Valley View Addition to the City of Las Vegas;
and on Washington, Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, Van Buren
and Harrison Avenues from the West boundary to the East boundary line of the
H. F. M. & M. Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as recorded in Book I of
Plats, Page 47, in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada;
and on "E" Street (formerly 5th Street), "F" Street (formerly 6th Street),
and "G" Street (formerly 7th Street) from the South boundary to the North
boundary line of the H. F. M. & M., Addition to the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada; and on "H" Street from the North property line of Bonanza Road
(formerly Clark Avenue) to the North line of Section 28, Township 20 South
and Range 61 East of M. B. B. & M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPLICATION FOR NEWS	STAND	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Sammy Perlman to construct a news

stand on the corner of 3rd and Fremont Streets, by the City Drug, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION - Widening of	Commissioner Bunker moved the petitions for the widening of Carson Street and the

Carson & 1st Streets	200 block of First Street be referred to the City Engineer to prepare the neces-

	sary plats, diagrams and specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CITY MANAGERS CONTRACT	Commissioner Jarrett moved the contract with C. W. Shelley as City Manager for a

	one year period be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING & LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Bunker moved the gaming and Liquor licenses issued to J. S. Pappas

REVOKED - 49er Club	and George D. Zouganilas for the 49er Club, 109 Fremont be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.