OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. Las Vegas, Nevada. August 4, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 4th day of August, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular and subsequent adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claims and Warrants Register in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the Clerk's office.

Thereupon, His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, presented the name of Mrs. Clarence Stay for appointment

to the vacancy existing on the Cemetery Board. Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by 



Commissioner German, and unanimously carried it was ordered that the said Mrs. Clarence Stay be and she
hereby is appointed to the office of member of the City Cemetery Board.

Thereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German,
and unanimously carried, that the moneys collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge for the
month of July be apportioned as follows: $2400.00 to the Police and Fire Fund, and $373.50 to the
General Fund.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German,



and unanimously carried, that the promissory note held by the First State Bank, bearing date of November 7,

1925, made by the City of Las Vegas in connection with the Emergency Loan of 1925, be paid in full

together with the accrued interest, said payment to be made from the	Emergency Loan	Fund.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of C. Aguirre and G. Lopez for a license for
the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid to the Clerk. Thereupon, upon mot-
ion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and unanimously carried it was ordered
that the license be issued.

 On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and duly carried, it was
resolved that the fence surrounding the property known	as the Fair Grounds, jointly owned by the

City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, be sold at public auction to the highest bidder, sale

to be conducted by the County and City Treasurer and to take place at the front door of the Clark
County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas, an the 10th day of September, 1927, at the hour of
ten o'clock A. M; All bids to be for cash, and the successful bidder to remove said fence within
30 days after said sale. Notice of said sale to be published four issues in the Las Vegas Age.

No further business coming before the Board it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that this meeting adjourn until August 17, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.