and the following Preambles and Resolution were introduced and passed:

Whereas: S.R. Whitehead, as Attorney in Fact for Los Angeles Exchange Inc; Ltd. a
corporation has filed a verified petition with the Honorable Board praying for an order
amending that certain map and plat of Highland Park, an addition to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, heretofore recorded in Book 1 of Plats at page 121, of
the records of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the said amended plat has
been presented with said petition for verification, and the matter having been fully consid-
ered and discussed it was upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner
Mundy,

RESOLVED, That good cause appearing from the verified petition of Los Angeles.
Exchange Inc. Ltd, a corporation, and there being no protest or any objection and it further
appearing that no damage or injury can be suffered by any person, it is hereby ordered
that the Plat of Highland Park, and addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the
same is hereby amended and said amended plat ordered to be filed in the office of the
County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in a book therein kept for said purpose. The same
to be approved by the Mayor and attest by the City Clerk under the seal of the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Frank N. Ryan and W.W. Cantrell appeared before the Board at this time in regard to
the improving of Stewart Street, with sidewalks and paving.

On action was taken on the matter at this time.

The question of a bond being furnished the City of Las Vegas from the Exofficio City
Treasurer was next brought before the Board, and on motion of Commissioner German, seconded
by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that J.M. Ullom, Ex-Officio City Treasurer furnish the
City of Las Vegas a surety company bond in the sum of $25,000.

Vote on said question was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a petition from the Las Vegas and Rainbow Clubs was presented to the
Board asking that the Keno licenses revoked by the Board of Commissioners on the 1st day of
March, 1933, be reinstated.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the Board of Commissioners reaffirm their action in the revocation of the Keno
licenses for the Rainbow and Las Vegas Clubs as taken on the 1st day of March at a recessed
regular meeting held on that date.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 6th day of March, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 6th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 6th day of March, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, and German
Acting City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas and City Attorney.

A.W. Blackman, auditor for the City of Las Vegas met with the Board at this time with
a form of prepared budget for the year 1933. The Board at once entered into a discussion
on the matter and after due consideration on motion of Commissioner German and seconded by
Commissioner Mundy the Budget for the year 1933 was adopted in the following form:

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION

PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1933.

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the year ending

December 31, 1933, as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.