compensation properly chargeable in work making such special assessments. In case the amount of any
special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent of the value of said lot or
premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, such cost
exceeding twenty per cent shall be paid from the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

That the assessment District for said improvement shall include lots and premises within the following
boundaries towit:- Commencing at the intersection of Main street with Garces street and running thence
Northerly along the east side of Main street to its intersection with Stewart street; thence Easterly
along Stewart street to its intersection with the alley in block One (1) ; thence Southerly along said
alley through Blocks No's One (1) Two (2) Three (3) Four (4) Five (5) Six (6) Seven (7) and Eight (8)
to its intersection with Garces street; thence westerly along Garces street to the place of beginning .
excepting from said district all of the lots, pieces or parcels of land contained in blocks No's Two
(2) and three (3) lots fourteen (14) fifteen (15) and sixteen (l6) in block No four (4) lots one (1)

Two (2) three (3) Four (4) and the north eighteen feet of lot five (5) in block No (5) , and lots
Thirteen (13) Fourteen (14) and fifteen (15) in block No. 6, This notice is given in pursuance of a
resolution duly adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, at a regular meeting of said Board held on the 1st day of March A.D. 1916.

Said Board will meet to consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest
to the proposed improvement. Said meeting to be held at the office of the City Clerk on Wednesday
the 5th day of April A.D. 1916. at ten o'clock A.M. whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdrof and
seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried the above Notice of intention was duly adopted with
the following vote towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read the Notice of Intention for District No. 6. as follows towit:—

" Notice of intention of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas , in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, to order improvement of Main street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalk

on the east side of said street. Notice is hereby given that it is the intention of the Board of

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to order the

following sidewalk work to be done in the said City towit:- That a cement , concrete sidewalk shall

be constructed along the east side of Main street, in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of

Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, commencing at the intersection of Main street with

Carson street rand running thence Northerly along the east side of Main street to its intersection

with Ogden street, excepting lots one (1) four (4) Five (5) sixteen (l6) and the South fifteen (15) feet

of lot fifteen, in Block No. Two (2) and lots one (1) Two (2) Three (3) Four (4) and Five (5) in block

No. three (3). said sidewalk to be constructed in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance

number forty seven (47) of the City of Las Vegas An ordinance entitled " An Ordinance establishing

official grades of lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers and grades, in Clarks Las

Vegas Townsite and of the City of Las Vegas and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein

and other matters relating thereto" and in accordance with the petition , plat, and estimate of cost

of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk, Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost

of the owners of the ground frontage on the east side of Main street and abutting upon said improve-
ments ,and shall be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and

premises abutting upon said improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost
and expenses of said improvement shall include the costs of surveys, plans, assessments, cost of
construction and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in work making special assessment . In
case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent of
the value of said lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for sate and
County Taxation, such cost exceeding Twenty per cent shall be paid from the general fund of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada. That the assessment district for said improvement shall include lots and premises

within the following boundaries towit:— Commencing at the intersection of Main street with Carson