properties, and will assist the Fire Department and Police Department in
carrying out their duties.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th
day of January,	that the name of the streets herein described be

and the same is hereby changed as follows:

That portion of Elm Drive and Tonopah Drive which is located
on the west line of the SW 1/4 of Section 33, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M
and the west line of the NW1/4 of the SW1/4 of Section 28, T20S, R6lE
MDB&M as recorded in Book I, Page 17 and Book II, Pages 14 and
569 of Clark County Records, be changed to BASKIN STREET.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be signed by
the Mayor, attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark
County Recorder as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application
of Richard Toleno to rezone Lots 7 to 13, Block 1, Paradise Park from R-2
to R-4 and Lots 1 to 6, Block 1, Lots 16 to 19, Block 2 and Lots 16 to 19
Block 3, Paradise Park from R-2 to R-3, the matter was considered by the
Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were
no objections voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this public hearing be continued until February

3, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time His Honor turned the meeting over to Commissioner Bunker member
of the Committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance for Firearms
for discussion on said proposed ordinance.

Representatives of the Vegas Heights P.T.A. North 9th Street P.T.A., and
the B'nai B’rith organization filed petitions with the Board asking that
this ordinance be adopted.

Mrs. Sallie Murphy, Jeanne McColl's Grandmother, Ralph Wilson of the Las
Vegas Sportsman Ass'n and the National Rifle Ass'n and Jack Butler appeared
at this time asking the Board to adopt the proposed Firearms Ordinance.

Adam Yacendia representing the Las Vegas Sun and Harry Claiborne representing
the Gun Dealers were present at the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker stated that the County Commissioners had requested a
postponement of action on this ordinance until such time as they have a chance
to go over it. The reason for this request for postponement was that they
felt a uniform Firearms Ordinance should be adopted.

Commissioner Bunker asked for additional time before reporting.

RESOLUTION OF THANKS Commissioner Jarrett moved that the City Attorney draft the following resolution
Chamber of Commerce of thanks to the Chamber of Commerce for the splendid work this community
	has received and for having Ken Frogley as their Manageing Director:

# 489 WHEREAS, the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce has faithfully and untiringly
served the interests of the City of Las Vegas and all Clark County for
many years last past; and

WHEREAS, the said Chamber, ever mindful of its said duties and responsi-
bilities, has been fortunate in securing qualified men to be its Managing
Director from time to time; and

WHEREAS, KEN FROGLEY has served for the past year and one-half in the
capacity of Managing Director, and has at all times used unceasing efforts
to carry out the worthwhile efforts and projects of the said Chamber of
Commerce;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th
day of January, 1954 that said City, by this Resolution, expresses its grati-
tude and appreciation to both the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce and Ken
Frogley its Managing Director, for their and each of their efforts in
serving the public interest both in the City of Las Vegas and Clark
County; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby
directed to spread a copy of this Resolution on the Minutes of the Books
of the said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby
directed to send a copy of this Resolution to the LAS VEGAS CHAMBER OF
COMMERCE; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to send a copy of this Resolution to KEN FROGLEY.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning Application
Richard Toleno

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Firearms

1-20-54