17

In this connection it is hereby agreed that we are to be employed by you in an expert
advisory capacity; that we are to set up for you financial and other material in con-
nection with the authorization and sale of these bonds; that we are to advise with you
as to the type of bonds and time when they may be, in our opinion, sold to advantage.

It is understood that we may associate with us such person or persons, including bond
attorneys, as we may believe particularly fitted to assist us in the carrying out of this
agreement.

In consideration of our services you agree to pay us the sum of $750.00 for our services
in connection with these bonds. From the payment made to us we will pay the bond attorneys
for their services. We will furnish at our expense suitable bonds ready for signature by
the proper officials.

If the bonds are not sold and delivered, you will be under no obligation to us, and will
owe us nothing.

Respectfully submitted,

EDWARD L BURTON & COMPANY

The above and foregoing offer is hereby accepted for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, by order of the Mayor and City Commissioners thereof in legal session this 10th
day of February, 1947.

s/ E. W. Cragin

(Seal)	Mayor

s/ Helen Scott Reed
Clerk

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing offer be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants No. s

WARRANTS		1062-01 in the sum of $80.00 be approved and the Mayor and City

Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor vot-

	ing aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before this meeting Com-
missioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until Thursday
February 13, 1947 at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor vot-
ing aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

February 13 

19	47

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 13th day of February, 1947. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 10 a.m. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the follow-
ing members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall; and
City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

LAND PURCHASE —	Commissioner Clark moved that the City place	in escrow a deed to that

P.	O.	Silvagni	certain property heretofore purchased by Mr.	P. O. Silvagni where	the

	old fire station was located to be delivered	to Mr. Silvagni upon	the

execution of an agreement heretofore ordered	between Mr. Silvagni	and

the City of Las Vegas, and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
to sign said deed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
	vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

minutes 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of January 22 and 29, February

7 and 10 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

SWIMMING POOL 	Commissioner Clark moved that the estimate of Stanley Runyean in the

sum of $l6,429.5O covering work completed and material furnished to
and including January 31, 1947 be approved and the City controller
be instructed to issue the Warrant therefor and the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to sign same.