USE PERMIT (U-25-58)	The Commission considered the application of Sam P. Cava for a use

Sam P. Cava	permit to expand an existing medical building on adjacent property

located at 721 East Charleston Blvd. between Charleston and Gass
Streets, legally described as Lots 28 and 29, Block 34, South
Approved	Addition, and a portion of Block B, Wardie Addition, in an R-4

zone. Approval recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Sam P. Cava
for a use permit to expand and existing medical building on
adjacent property located at 721 East Charleston Blvd., Between
Charleston and Gass Streets, legally described as Lots 28 and 29,
Block 34, South Addition, and a portion of Block B, Wardie Addition,
in an R-4 zone be approved, subject to the following conditions:

1.	That the applicant sign an improvement agreement and
post a bond sufficient to cover the cost of all offsite
improvements.

2.	That the applicant conform to the plot plan as submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-26-58)	The Commission considered the application of Elda Clark Crane for

Elda Clark Crane	a use permit for the construction of an automobile service station

on property located on East Charleston Blvd., between Spencer and
Approved	Bruce Streets, legally described as Lots 11 and 12, Block 10,

Mayfair #2, in a C-l zone. Approval recommended by the Board of
Zoning Adjustment.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Elda Clark
Crane for a use permit for the construction of an automobile
service station on property located on East Charleston Blvd.,
between Spencer and Bruce Streets, legally described as Lots 11
and 12, Block 10, Mayfair #2, in a C-1 zone be approved subject
to the following conditions:

1.	That the applicant sign an improvement agreement and
post a bond sufficient to cover the cost of all offsite
improvements as recommended by the Engineering Department.

2.	That the applicant conform to the plot plan as submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-27-58)	The Commission considered the application of M. J. Christensen

M.J. Christensen	for a use permit to allow the operation of a commercial nursery

for 10 or more children at 827 South 7th Street, legally described
Approved	as Lots 11, 12 and 13, Block 34, South Addition in an R-4 zone.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of M. J. Christensen
for a use permit to allow the operation of a commercial nursery
for 10 or more children, at 827 South 7th Street, legally described
as Lots 11, 12, and 13, Block 34, South Addition in an R-4 zone,
be approved subject to the following conditions:

1.	That the applicant sign an improvement agreement
and post a bond sufficient to cover the cost of all offsite 
improvements as recommended by the Engineering Department.

2.	That the maximum number of children be limited to 54
children during the daytime; the number of children for
nighttime care to be determined by the Child Welfare Board.

3. That the applicant conform to the plot plan as submitted.

4. That one sign, no more than 48" x 18" in size, non-neon,
be permitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

NO PARKING ZONE	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and

Bonanza from Main	Parking Commission that a "No Parking" zone be installed on the

to North First	south side of Bonanza from Main Street to North 1st Street.

Approved	Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Traffic

and Parking Commission that a "No Parking" zone be installed on
the south size of Bonanza from Main Street to North 1st Street,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ONE HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and

South Main from	Parking Commission that one-hour (posted) limited parking be

Bridger to Charleston	installed along South Main Street between Bridger and Charleston

Boulevard.	Blvd. All owners and tenants have been contacted and there were

two objections.

Approved	Commissioner Fountain moved that one-hour (posted) limited

parking be installed along South Main Street between Bridger
and Charleston Blvd.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

12-17-58