VACATION	This being the time set for the vacation of a portion of the Fairfield Semicircle, His Honor

Public Hearing	asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this vacation. There were no objections

Fairfield Semicirclevoiced.







Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the vacation of a portion of the certain portion of
Fairfield Place, as described in the following order be vacated, the following order adopted:

A Petition, signed by three (3) freeholders residing in the area affected,
having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of certain
streets and parts of streets in the Meadows Addition hereinafter described, and said
Petition having been by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the
City of Las Vegas, for its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission
having filed its report, dated January 27, 1953, with this Board approving and recommending
said Vacation;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting held on the 18th day of February,

1953, set the 25th day of March, 1953, at the hour of 8:00 o’clock P.M. at the Commissioners'

Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the northwest
corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada as the
time and place for the Public Hearing on said petition and recommendation, and ordered the
City Clerk to cause the aforesaid street and parts of street proposed to be vacated to be
posted with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the Public Hearing and the extent
of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Charles V. Cudney filed with the Clerk of the Board,
that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which notice is attached to said affidavit
was posted on the 20th day of February, 1953 in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for Vacation and the recommendation
of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in support of and there
being no opposition to said Petition and Recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of the Street proposed to be
vacated are no longer required for the Public Use and convenience, that said Vacation will inure to
the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the Public nor ary person will be materially
injured thereby;

IT IS HEREB\ ORDERED That the following described portion of a street in the Meadows Addition is
recorded in Book 1, of Plats, Page 43, Clark County Records, to-wit:

That portion of the semi-circle as plated in the Meadows
Addition to the City of Las Vegas as the same appears on
Map thereof on file in Book 1, of Plats, Page 43, in the
office of the Clark County Recorder; lying North of New
York Avenue and East of the Northerly prolongation of the
West property line of Fairfield Avenue.

Be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED: March 25, 1953

APPROVED:

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BONANZA AIRLINES City Attorney, Howard W. Cannon, read a letter on the request of Bonanza Airlines for a permanent
Permanent Certificate certificate of convenience, further requesting the participation of the City of Las Vegas in their
of Convenience	application. Mr. Cannon explained the procedure that would be involved and asked that the Board

 consider this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Bonanza Airlines for participation of the
City of Las Vegas in their application for a permanent Certificate of Convenience be approved and
the City Attorney authorized to be present at the Civil Aeronautics Board Hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



SOLICITOR'S LICENSES At this time the application of Sears Roebuck & Co., for renewal of the solicitors licenses for the
Sears Roebuck & Co. salesmen for American People's Encyclopedia, was considered by the Board.

Renewal

	Commissioner Whipple moved the aforementioned applications for Solicitors licenses for the second

quarter of 1953, be renewed on the same basis and fee as paid during the first quarter of 1953,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Clerk requested if these applications should be brought up each quarter. It was the Board's
decision that it would be best to have the matter presented each quarter.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Lloyd St. John dba Twin Lakes Lodge for a Tavern Liquor
New	license for the second quarter of 1953 be held in abeyance until April 1, 1953.

Twin Lake Lodge

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.