Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the board considered the application of Stewart's Investments
Inc. to add 12 feet to Stewart's Market Building and to pave a parking lot
on the remaining 100 feet oh property located on Stewart Avenue between 19th
and 21st Streets (Lots 27-30, Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite #3). This
application was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Stewart's Investments Inc.
to add 12 feet to Stewart's Market Building and to pave a parking lot on the
remaining 100 feet on property located on Stewart Avenue between 19th and 21st
Streets be approved with the stipulation that the westerly edge of the property
have a four foot concrete block wall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp stated that he was the architect for Stewart's Market and
withheld his vote.

Mayor Baker announced the application of Sally Mesnick to construct a motel at
1008-10 West Bonanza between H and J Streets in an R-1 zone, recommended for
denial by the Board of Adjustment, had been withdrawn by the applicant.

At this time the Board considered the application of G. R. Richards, et al, to
convert a garage into an apartment unit (complete bathroom, bedroom, dressing
room now exists) at 731 South 6th Street (Lots 15 and 16, Block 3, South
Addition) in an R-1 zone. This application was denied by the Board of
Adjustment.

Mr. Richards appeared before the Board and stated that this garage had been
rented as a housekeeping apartment for years. He also stated that there were
three such apartments built onto houses among the eight nearest homes in the
neighborhood.

Mr. Walter Hunsaker voiced a protest against the granting of this variance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of G. R. Richards, et al, to
convert a garage into an apartment at 731 South 6th Street be denied, and that
the Commission should set a public hearing to determine if they are going to re-
zone South 6th Street and South 4th Street from Bridger to Charleston to do away
with "spot zonings".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Action on the petition of Charles J. Lewis and Walter DeCourcey for annexation
of the NE½, NW¼ and the S½, NW¼ and the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 30, T20S, R61E,

MDB&M was deferred until the next regular meeting of the Commission on September

21, 1955.

At this time the Board considered the application of Wing Fong for a new
cabaret license for Fong's Garden at 2021 E. Charleston for the third quarter
of 1955. A favorable report from the Police Department on the applicants was
on file.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Wing Fong for a new cabaret
license for Fong's Garden, 2021 E. Charleston, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the tentative map of Broadmoor Estates Subdivision.
The subdividers of Broadmoor Estates had reached an agreement with the Las Vegas
School District concerning a school site.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the tentative map of Broadmoor Estates Subdivision
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the request of the Westerner fro the deletion
of Charles Cavanaugh and John Haines from the gaming license at 23 Fremont for the
third quarter of 1955.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the deletion of Charles Cavanaugh and John Haines from
the gaming license of the Westerner, 23 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the gaming application of James E. Reid and Blaine

G.	Beckwith for one additional chute on a slot machine at the Strip Liquor Store,

2417 South $th Street for the third quarter of 1955.

VARIANCE

Stewart's Invest-
ments Inc.

V-32-55

V

VARIANCE

Sally Mesnick

v-33-55

VARIANCE

G. R. Richards

V-34-55

V

ANNEXATION

Lewis and DeCourcey

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New Fong's Garden

TENTATIVE MAP

Broadmoor Estates
Subdivision

GAMING APPLICATION
Change

Westerner



GAMING APPLICATION
Additional
Strip Liquor Store

9-7-55