On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner Marble the following order was
issued:

IT IS ORDERED that on January 11, 1937, work be commenced on "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement
District #3" and that the same be continued in conformity with the agreement now existing be-
tween the City and the United States Government relating to the said improvement district

and C.D.Baker, the City Engineer, is hereby directed to commence the said work for and on
behalf of the City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of	Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause	it was

RESOLVED:	That the United	States Government, through the Federal	Emergency	Administrator	of

Public Works, be and it hereby is requested to extend the time for the commencement of work
upon the Las Vegas Street Improvement District being designated as Nevada 1021-R, until the

first day of February, 1937.

And it is ordered: That a copy of this Resolution be for with transmitted to the State Administrator
 by wire.

Vote Was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion	of	Commissioner	Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble

IT IS HEREBY	ORDERED that Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) be transferred from the	General

Fund of the City of Las Vegas to "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District Fund No. 3", the gen-
eral Fund of the City of Las Vegas to be reimbursed to the extend of such amount as soon
as said improvement funds shall be in condition to permit the transfer back to the General
Fund.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
C.D. Baker, City Engineer: Ryland Taylor, City Attorney; and a member of the Board of Com-
missioners go to Reno and appear before the State Director of the W.P.A. in regard to the
Las Vegas Improvement District #3 project. Expenses of the trip to be stood by the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JANUARY 15th, 1937.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's office, in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, County of Clark, on Friday the 15th day of January, 1937 at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the business of Las Vegas, 1937, Street Improvement Project No. 3.
Dated this 15th day of January, 1937.

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO--L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, H. Krause,

H.P. Marble, H.L. Perry, Commissioners;

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, will be held in the office of the City Clerk. Am the Commissioners room Friday
the 15th day of January, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. on said to consider and act upon
the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the business of Las Vegas, 1937 Street Improvement Project #3.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns, City Clerk
ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.L. Perry	H.P. Marble

Commissioner	Commissioner