No further business appearing before the Board at this time it was on motion of Commissioner
Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.
Said motion was carried by the unanimous vote of the Board.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAC VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 5th, 1938.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark
County Nevada held on the 5th day of December, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and City Attorney
and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Luce Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, moved and

carried that claims numbered 48 to 59 Inclusive be allowed. Said claims being for salaries,
labor, materials and supplies.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. John Cahlan Probation Officer appeared before the Board and ask that the Board take
some action toward curbing the sale of liquors to minors. Mr. Cahlan presented the Board with a
copy of the testimony in the case of Willie May, a Juvenile in the local court. After the
reading of the testimony by the Clerk Mr. Cahlan ask that steps be taken to either revoke or
suspend the licenses of the places wherein said minor testified liquor was secured. Namely
Rose Distributing Company, Peter Pansey and Ethel's Liquor Store.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Com-
missioner Luce it was moved and carried that Peter Pansey, Ethel Rapoport and Mr. Rose to ap-
pear before the Board at a recessed regular meeting to be held on the 8th day of December, 1938
at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. for hearing in regard to the sale of liquor to minors. Mr.
Austin City Attorney be instructed to inform these persons in writing of the action of the Board

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Tom Connley, representing the White Christmas Committee appeared before the Board and ask
that the City continue its support of the White Christmas in the usual way by the donation of
$100.0O to the fund.

 On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the sum of $100.00 be donated to the White Christmas Fund as had been done in the past.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Ronnow passing his vote Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved that the accounting officers of the City of Las Vegas are hereby authorized
and instructed to bill the Las Vegas Post No. 8 of the American Legion for electric energy
used in the Memorial Building at a rate each month proportionate to the relative number of
kilowatt hours used as compared to that used by the various city units using from same line.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to The Vegas Sweet Shoppe.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On the recommendation of A.W. Blackman, City Auditor Commissioner Luce moved that the sum of
$1,000.00 be transferred from the Municipal Golf Course Fund to the City Clerk Fund. Said motion
Was seconded by Commissioner Krause.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Austin City Attorney presented the Board with a form of agreement to be signed by A.L.
Worswick and the City of Las Vegas for the collection of sewer construction costs in Block
23 of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Mayor H.P. Marble, and City Clerk, Viola Burns, sign said agreement in triplicate at such
time as said agreement had been signed by Mr. Worswick.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Thursday the 8th day of December, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.