 Deletion of Partner

GAMING APPLICATIONS
3rd Qtr. 1954

Changes

YMCA BUILDING SITE

SALE OF CITY PROPERTY
Biltmore Addn, Annex #3

BACK PAY
Judge Richards

PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT



ADDITIONAL CARS FOR
FIRE DEPARTMENT

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Herman Lerch for an Importers
Beverage and a Wholesale Beverage License at Desert Distributing Co.,

1405 Industrial Road, deleting Mathew Matonovich as partner, be approved
for the 3rd Quarter of 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following gaming applications be approved for the
3rd Quarter of 1954:

ATOMIC LIQUOR STORE	Glenn	Sales	Co.	917	Fremont	2	slots

BONANZA DRUG	Glenn	Sales	Co.	402	W. Bonanza	4	slots *

BOTTLE HOUSE	Glenn Sales Co.	827 So. 5th	2 slots

CITY DRUG	Glenn Sales Co.	231 Fremont	6 slots *

FAMILY MARKET	Glenn Sales. Co.	1109 Stewart	2 slots

SNAX FIFTH AVE.	Glenn	Sales	Co.	417	So. 5th	5	slots

SUNDOWN LIQUOR STORE	Glenn	Sales	Co.	218	No. Main	1	slots

(Formerly issued O. W. Glenn)	* New Locations

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Discussion was held concerning the recent request of the YMCA for a location
for their proposed new building. Mr. Pedderson was present and the Commission
stated that the City-owned property known as Block 8, Biltmore Addition Annex
#3 would not be available. Mr. Pedderson was further informed that the City
had listed this particular property with the Real Estate Brokers in January,
1953, and up until the present time had not received an acceptable bid.

At this time an offer for the purchase of Block 8, Biltmore Addition, Annex #3
for $55,000.00 cash, was received. This proposal came from Dr. Alexander
Coblentz and a check in the amount of $5500.00 was placed on deposit.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this offer to purchase Block 8, Biltmore
Addition Annex #3 for $55,000.00 be accepted as this property has been listed
with the Real Estate Brokers since January, 1953; and it is the opinion of the
Commission that this offer is the only one received at a price acceptable
to them during this period of time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

It was the concensus of the Board that the money realized from the sale of this
property be "earmarked" for recreational facilities on the Westside.

Thereafter the City Manager and City Engineer were instructed to submit a
plan for the proposed Westside recreational center.

At this time the Board considered the request of Judge Walter J. Richards
for payment of his salary from November 27, 1953 to and including June 7, 1954.

It was the opinion of the City Attorney that Judge Richards was not entitled to
payment of salary from November 27, 1953 to and including January 10, 1954,
as he requested leave of absence without pay, but was entitled to his salary
from January 11, 1954, to and including June 7, 1954, as he is an elected
officer and may recover salary for the term between lawful suspension and the
expiration of such suspension.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Judge Richards be paid back salary
from January 11, 1954, to and including June 7, 1954, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the City Engineer requested the authorization of a purchase order
to Win Ward Company in the amount of $5,048.05 for electrical equipment to be
mounted on the 1½ Ton Truck for the Electrical Department, Bid No. 54.18.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer's request be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

At this time the City Manager discussed with the Commission the request of the
Fire Department for two additional cars to be used for the Fire Prevention
Bureau.

It was suggested by the Board that possibly bids on used cars could be secured.
It was further suggested that only one car be purchased at this time.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the
meeting adjourned.

6-28-54