OFFICE THE CITY CLERK, CITY 0F LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
August 2,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 2nd day of August ,A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners Thomas
R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and Ray W. Gorton, together with the City Clerk and City Attorney the Mayor
Pro Tem, W.H. Dentner being absent.

Upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, Commissioner Hodgens
was appointed Chairman of the meeting, owing to the absence of the mayor pro tem. Voting, Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time, it appearing that there is a large number of spectators present, it was
decided, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the meeting be
held in the District Court Boom. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the meeting adjourned to the District Court Room.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commissioner
Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried. The vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

All bills allowed as per claim bock on file in the office of the clerk, except that the
claim of Ed. W. Clark Forwarding Company for 15.95 was ordered returned for itemization.

Reports of officers read, and approved and ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the clerk read the following letter:

Carson City, Nevada.

July 28,1922.

Mr. F.A. Stevens,

City Attorney,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mr. Stevens:

I thank you for your letter of July 24,1922.

I have planned to go to Las Vegas with an engi-
neer on or about August 24th, for the purpose of making all nec-
essary tests and examinations of the water systems, particularly
of the Craner system. I am of the opinion that we can come to
some satisfactory Understanding with Mr. Craner whereby some
satisfactory service can be obtained. I regret that heavy
pressure of business prevents my making an early trip but I
have not yet received a reply to my letter of June 30th to the
Las Vegas Land and Water Company. It is my intention to secure
an interview in regard to the matter with some of the high
officials of the organization as soon as it can be arranged.

Yours truly,

J.G. Scrugham

State Engineer.

Thereupon, it was ordered that this communication be placed on file for future reference.

Thereupon the following communication was presented:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 28,1922.

Honorable Mayor and

Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Some time prior to your last meeting ,at the instance
of the Board of Directors, a communication was addressed you reading
as follows:

" As representing a considerable portion of the active
citizenship and business interests of the City of Las Vegas, the
Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce
most respectfully requests the privilege of meeting with you in-
formally for the purposes of discussing the mater of "fire-proof
buildings and "fire-limits",

In seeking this opportunity to confer with it is with
a spirit of co-operation and not of criticism that we address you.

It has been suggested that an evening meeting would
be the most convenient and the Commissioners Room at the Court
House or the Chamber of Commerce Room would be the most suitable
meeting place.

Trusting that this suggestion will meet with your ap-
proval and that we may have the pleasure of meeting with you
at an early date, we are,	Most respectfully yours,