MINUTES CONTINUED	City Attorney	Calvin M. Cory

4-22-59	Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

UNION PACIFIC PARKING	City Attorney	Calvin Cory informed the Commission that the present parking lot	lease with the

LOT LEASE EXTENSION	Union Pacific	Railroad will expire on April 26, 1959, and requested that the Mayor and City

Clerk be authorized to sign the extension of this lease; said extension to expire April 26, 1964.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Union Pacific Parking Lot Lease Extension be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT-UNION	City Attorney	Calvin Cory presented a proposed agreement with the Union Pacific	Railroad covering

        PACIFIC DEPOT	the extension	of the Police jurisdiction of the City of Las Vegas over roadways	and parking

Police Jurisdiction	areas of the Railroad Company in the vicinity of the depot,

on private Roadways

Commissioner Sharp moved that the agreement with the Union Pacific Railroad covering the extension
Approved	of the Police jurisdiction of the City of Las Vegas over roadways and parking areas of the Rail-

road Company in the vicinity of the depot be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	Mayor was authorized to sign and transmit a letter to the Housing Authority; copy of said letter

LETTER	having been approved at this time.

-oOo-

There being no further business to come before the Board at the hour of 7:20 p.m. Commissioner
Fountain moved that this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

ROBERT F. BOOS, Acting City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

*************

MINUTES	MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada

May 6, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 6th
day of May, 1959; was called to order at the hour of 7:30 p.m. by His Honor Mayor Baker with
the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Calvin Cory

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Director Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

SHOW CAUSE HEARING	This was the time heretofore set for the Show Cause Hearing in regard to the revocation of the

Town Tavern	liquor and gaming licenses of Earl Turman, Mary Louise Woodyard, James Monroe Woods, Lorenzo

Earl Turman et al	Virgil Spencer, Gilbert C. Kenner, Geraldine L. Brentner doing business as the Town Tavern, 600

Jackson Street.

Held in Abeyance

At the last regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held April 15, 1959, these licenses
(Later in Minutes	were suspended, and licensees ordered to appear before the Board at this time, to show cause, if

action called	any they have, why their liquor and gaming licenses should not be revoked.

"Licenses Cancelled")

Commissioner Sharp moved that this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SHOW CAUSE HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the Show Cause hearing of Florence Elmore doing business

Groove Cafe	as the Groove Cafe, 416 W. Bonanza, to show cause, if any she had, why her Restaurant Beverage

Florence Elmore	License should not be revoked. Mrs. Elmore appeared in her own behalf stating that she pleaded

not guilty to the charges set forth in the police investigation and report. She stated that she
Revoked	had borrowed heavily besides investing what she had to go into business and that she did not

knowingly do anything to have her license revoked. She suggested that she would discontinue 
staying open all night and perhaps that would relieve the situation. She stated that she had a girl
on duty at all times at the Groove Cafe as manager and that she ran her other business at the
Chili Pot, 1329 N. "E" Street.

His Honor Mayor Baker asked Mrs. Elmore if she had not been warned of certain existing violations
and Commissioner Whipple asked what action she could take to correct such violations.

Mrs. Elmore stated that she would serve more food and have better supervision, and that most of
the violations occurred when she was absent. She added that her place of business was small and
that perhaps it looked like there were more people there than there actually were, and that
some of her patrons got their rides to work there and that they also received calls to go to
work there.

4-22-59 and 5-6-59