Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

CLAIM — E. L. Barton
Company

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED - R/W Washington
Avenue

STREET DEPARTMENT—
Purchase of Compressor

SWIMMING POOL CONST.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of July, 1946. Meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:30 P.M.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City
Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and City

Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 835 to 842
inclusive, and 844, in the net sum of $18,179.83 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
832 to 834 inclusive and 843 in the sum of $18,992.87 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	 Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Claim for $700.00 by the
Edward L. Burton Co. as per agreement, Police Station Bonds,
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 22nd day of July, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated
the 21st day of June, 1946, executed by George Leveille and Myrtle Leveille, his
wife, Ivan A. Regnier and Louise N. Regnier, his wife, to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized
to negotiate with Jack Reed for purchase of a compressor
if arrangements can be made to buy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

 His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed
to make a demand on the Fleetwater Pool Company to sign
the contract between the City of Las Vegas and the Fleetwater
Pool Company for the construction of the proposed Swimming
Pool and to furnish necessary bonds within the period of ten
days from this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,