BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of February, 1956, by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 10th day of February , 1956, executed by T. Gay Myers and
Agnes Walker Myers; Byron O. Thornton and Luella B. Thornton
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th day of February,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 15th day of February , 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER________

(SEAL)	Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By

Deputy

 For:	Adams Avenue

The Commission considered the deed from J.A. Gordon and Lewis D. Stein for a
ten foot easement in Lot 9, Block 3 of Mayfair Tract No. 2.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of February, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the l0th day of February , 1956 , executed by
Joseph A. Gordon and Lewis D. Stein

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th day of February,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand affixed my official seal
this l6th day of February , 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER__________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By

Deputy

For:

Commissioner Bunker moved the deed from the City of Las Vegas to J.A.Gordon
and Lewis D. Stein for realignment of the ten foot easement in Lot 9, Block 3
of Mayfair Tract No. 2 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jack Thomas to move a house from
218 South 5th to the northwest comer of H and Van Buren be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Owen Woodruff appeared before the Board requesting payment of
$525.00 because of the retention of his automobile by the Police Department since
December 22, 1955. Mr. Woodruff explained that he had been arrested by the Po-
lice for putting his campaign posters on telephone poles and his automobile
had been impounded.

DEED APPROVED
Gordon & Stein



HOUSE MOVING PERMIT

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Owen Woodruff