383

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be trans-
mitted by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of
City Commissioners of Las Vegas in order that the same may be recorded
in the minutes of the meeting of said Board of City Commissioners of
Las Vegas, as provided by law,"

which certified copy was upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried by
the said Board of City Commissioners, ordered to be recorded in the minutes of this
Board of City Commissioners.

This Board being authorized to make an emergency loan in the sum of $103,000.00 to
meet the emergency set forth in resolution by this Board adopted at its meeting
held on the 17th day of March, 1949, as aforesaid, Commissioner Moore moved that a
notice calling for invitations for bid on said emergency loan in the following form:

"NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN:	That the Board of Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas will receive bids on an Emergency Loan in the sum of
One Hundred Three Thousand and no/lOOth Dollars ($103,000.00). The
Emergency Loan to mature not later than two and one-half (2 1/2) years
from the date of issuance and to bear interest not to exceed eight (8)
per cent per annum and be redeemable at the option of the City of Las
Vegas at any time when money is available. Each bid shall be made out
on a form to be obtained at the office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas,

Nevada; and it shall be filed with the Board of Commissioners at the
City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada, on or before 27th day of April, 1949, at
3:00 o'clock P.M. and will be opened and publicly read aloud at or about
3:00 o'clock P.M. of that day, in the Council Chambers.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
reserves the right to refuse any or all bids or waive any informality
on a bid. No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of thirty (30)
days after the date set for the opening thereof",

be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal and fix the time for opening
such bids on the 27th day of April, 1949 Said motion was duly seconded by
Commissioner Whipple and unanimously carried by said Board of City Commissioners.

ELECTION BALLOT	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the advice of the City Attorney to the Board

Leroy Clark	of Commissioners that the name of Leroy Clark, formerly candidate for Commissioner 4th

Class, who subsequently voluntarily withdrew his name from candidacy, be left off the
	official ballot for the City Election on May 3, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin,

Commissioner Clark passed his vote.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Moore moved that this meeting recess until April 27, 1949 at 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 27, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
this 27th day of April, 1949 was called to order by His Honor Mayor Cragin at the hour
of 3:20 P.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple;

City Manager J. M. Murphy, and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

EMERGENCY LOAN - Bids This being the time for the accepting of bids on the $103,000.00 Emergency Loan for the

City of Las Vegas, and there being no bidders present or bids presented, the time for
	acceptance of bids was extended until May 2, 1949, at 3:00 P.M.

SEWAGE TREATMENT PLANT Commissioner Moore moved the two low bids on the construction of the Sewage Treatment
Rejection of Bid	Plant, heretofore presented but never awarded, of Fitzgerald Engineering Corporation

and Hoagland-Findley Corp. be rejected and their respective bonds released and the
	City Manger instructed to notify the above companies.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark passed his vote.

GAMING APPLICATIONS At this time the following gaming applications for the 2nd quarter of 1949 were presented

to the Board for their consideration:

Gayer Co. Harold & Vaughn's Cafe
LeRoy Gilmore Gilmore Signal Service
Abe Miller Sal Sagev Restaurant