PURSEL SEWER CLAIM DAMAGE      The Commission considered the recommendation of the City Attorney's Office that

settlement be made in the total sum of $850.00. The original claim filed by W. Pursel
Settlement Approved	and Madge F. Pursel for $1,128.86 was disallowed by the City; thereafter, claimants

filed an action in court and trial was scheduled for March 24, 1959. Attorney for
claimants has agreed to this settlement.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the City Attorney's Office that
settlement for sewer damage in the amount of $850.00 to J. W. Pursel and Madge F. Pursel
be approved and the Director of Finance and Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

SALVATION ARMY LEASE	The Commission considered the Salvation Army Lease for City property generally located

at 605 N. "A" Street to be used for the Salvation Army Shelter which has been signed by
Held in Abeyance	the proper Salvation Army Officials in San Francisco and returned with a check for $1.00

as per terms of the lease. There have been two minor changes made, both of which appear
agreeable to the City. City Manager Kennedy stated that there is a cancellation clause
contained in this lease whereas, if the property involved is not used for one year for
the purpose of the Salvation Army Shelter, it is automatically cancelled.

Mr. Kennedy advised, however, that the City is holding up going to bid on the moving of
the Housing Authority building to this site and construction of the slab, inasmuch as
proper plans for the moving and relocation of the building have not as yet been submitted
to the City.

After considerable discussion it was decided to hold this matter of the lease in abeyance
pending submission of proper plans to the City.

NOTICE OF CLAIM	The Commission again considered the claim of Joseph D. Guffey, Sr. for damage by fire to

Joseph D. Guffey, Sr.	his residence at 1260 S. 8th Street on December 30, 1958, alleged to be due to negligence

of the Las Vegas City Fire Department. Claim is in the amount of $4,640.41. This matter
Denied	was held in abeyance pending investigation at the regular Commission Meeting held March 4,

1959.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Mayor and Board of Commissioners that as a result of investigation
on the part of the City with regard to this claim, it is recommended that it be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the claim of Joseph D. Guffey, Sr. for damage by fire to his
residence at 1260 S. 8th Street on December 30, 1958, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain

Attorney Paul Larsen, representing Mr. Guffey, inquired as to the reason for the denial
of the claim by the Board. Mr. Larsen was advised that the denial of the claim was based
on the recommendation of the City Manager.

BOARD OF COUNTY		The Commission	considered a letter received from Harley Harmon, Chairman, Board of County

COMMISSIONERS	Commissioners,	requesting cooperation of the City in "placing Slurry Seal" on aircraft

parking lot at	McCarran Field in Preparation for the World Congress of Flight.

Request to Slurry

Aircraft Parking	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that it would be impossible for the City to provide

Area at McCarran	slurry as requested and that Director of Public Works Sauer had then in contact with Mr.

Field	Murphy, Manager of McCarran Field, and was working with him to advise him as to the best

method to accomplish what they need in this regard.

TOWING CONTRACT	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Ewing Brothers submitting a request to the

Ewing Brothers	City offering their services in regard to the City Towing Contract.

Approved	Commissioner Sharp moved that Ewing Brothers be included in the Towing Contract on the

same basis as those presently participating in the Towing Contract provided Ewing Brothers
can meet all of the qualifications by way of equipment, storage, etc., as met by the others.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

URBAN RENEWAL BANK ACCOUNT The Commission considered the request for authorization for the Mayor and City Clerk to

sign the signature card opening separate bank account at the Fifteenth and Charleston
Authorized	Branch of the First National Bank of Nevada for Urban Renewal Funds only. Federal 

regulations specifically require that a separate bank account be maintained for these funds.

Commissioner Bunker moved that authorization be granted for the Mayor and City Clerk to
sign the signature card opening separate bank account at the Fifteenth and Charleston Branch
of the First National Bank of Nevada for Urban Renewal Funds only.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple passed

his vote:	Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

POLYGRAPH TRAINING COURSE       The Commission considered the request for authorization to send Officer Robert Everett of
Officer Robert Everett	the Police Department to the Keeler Polygraph Institute, Chicago, Illinois, to participate

in a 6-week training course in the use of the Polygraph (Lie Detector); total estimated
Approved	cost to the City not to exceed $500.00.

City Manager Kennedy explained that Officer Robert Everett has offered to pay part of his
way so he can qualify in the use of this machine. The City does have a Polygraph but does
not have a trained operator. Mr. Kennedy suggested that the amount to be furnished by the
City be increased to $750.00. He further stated that this officer has been with the City
for six or seven years.

Commissioner Whipple asked if this officer could train others in the operation of the
Polygraph after completing this Course. Chief Sheffer stated that he could teach others;
however, his instruction would not qualify an operator as a diploma from this school would.
Mr. Kennedy Stated that he would like to make the recommendation that this request be
approved in the amount of $750.00.

3-18-59