Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced
and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the question being upon
the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called
with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Moore

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance
placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance be passed
and adopted as read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner
Whipple seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage
and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Moore

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having
voted in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance
was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Peccole moved this emergency ordinance be numbered 455.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

	none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting recess until March 9, 1951 at
3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



    City Clerk			Mayor 

******

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 9, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, was held on Friday the 9th day of
March, 1951, at the hour of 4:00 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall, being
the regular meeting place of said Board, at which meeting there were present
and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor E. W. Cragin
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

Absent:	Commissioner Robert T. Moore

constituting all of the members of said Board. There were also present the
following:

City Manager C. W. Shelley
City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger, and
City Engineer W. C. Anderson

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and taken.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be authorized to make a change

No. 100-3	order in the sum of $200.00 in the electrolier portion of Assessment District

Change Order	No. 100-3 to take care of the added expense of a different type of wire.