SLURRY EMULSION	Engineering Department requests that authorization he given to advertise for bids to

Request to advertise	be opened March 4, 1959; for slurry emulsion. It is estimated that 700 tons of SS-2

bids to be opened	slurry emulsion for use during the period from April 1, 1959 to September 30, 1959,

March 4, 1959	will be required in the total estimated cost of $24,500.00. All bidders will be 

required to submit their laboratory analysis.

Referred to Public Works

Commissioner Bunker stated that he was of the opinion that the Slurry program was not
doing the job it should do and that the City was spending good money for bad.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that this slurry coating could be done at a
cost of 7 cents per square yard and that it is not a paving but is a preventative
to keep present surface from going to pieces until permanent paving can be put in.

Mr. H. W. Polk spoke from the audience stating that he would like to see the cost at
7 cents per square yard. He further stated that the City could get something that
would hold up and that the actual cost to maintain should be installed on these
streets.

His Honor Mayor Baker stated that slurry is handled for maintenance problems and AC
would mean new construction and would have to go into an assessment district. He
would agree that it is no good where heavy traffic is concerned.

Commissioner Bunker stated that in some instances slurry has been of some help but
that in other instances it has been of no value whatsoever. He suggested that certain
streets be selected for slurry coat but was of the opinion that it should not be used
on those that are too far gone. Commissioner Whipple agreed that the slurry has
helped some but not on the heavily travelled streets.

Mr. Sauer stated that the cost would be 90 cents a square yard for AC Paving and
that he would be glad to show Mr. Polk the City's figures showing slurry at 7 cents
per square yard.

His Honor Mayor Baker suggested that the Department of Public Works analyze this
situation a little and recommend certain streets for slurry and some for AC. He
further suggested that a map be prepared showing the proposed planning of street
repair.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered the	adoption of Resolution of	Acceptance of Quitclaim Deed

To City of Las Vegas	to the City of Las Vegas from	William Andrew Curtis and	Ruth Adeline Curtis; for 40'

from	of r/w on Noble Lane from the	extension of Cedar Street	intersection south approximately

William Andrew Curtis	660'.

and

Ruth Adeline Curtis	Commissioner Bunker moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

Resolution of Acceptance	RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

Adopted

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker; duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple; and carried unanimously; the following Resolution is adopted; and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED; this 4th day of February, 1959, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark; State of Nevada; that the deed; dated the
10th day of January; 1959; executed by William Andrew Curtis and Ruth Adeline Curtis;
husband and wife; to the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark; State of Nevada; and that
the real property described therein be; and is hereby accepted; for the purposes of
street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this Resolution to attached to said
deed; and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark; State of Nevada; and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I; R. F. BooS; Acting City Clerk; of the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark;
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of
the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of
the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of February, 1959.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 5th day of February, 1959.

R. F. Boos__________________________

Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By:	/s/ M. Holtschlag, Deputy

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered the adoption of Resolution of Acceptance of Quitclaim deed

To City of Las Vegas	to the City of Las Vegas from Florence Kepics, for 40' of r/w on Noble Lane north of

from	Bonanza Street Intersection, approximately 300' in length.

Florence Kepics

Commissioner Bunker moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

Resolution of Acceptance

Adopted	RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed.
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

2-4-59