Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy stated authorization had been given to enter into a
lease-purchase contract with I. B. M. for equipment now being rented. He
stated it would cost $32,532.08 to purchase this equipment over a three
year period and there would be a saving of approximately $2,000.00 if it
were rented for the same period. However, in view of the fact that the
machines would be useable for many years, there would be an ultimate
saving of approximately $60,000.00 if they were purchased.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the lease-purchase contract with I. B. M.
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy requested that an architect be employed for the
purpose of remodeling the Central Fire Station. He said some sketches
had been made by the Fire Department but felt they should have an
architect. In this connection he stated that $50,000.00 had been set
aside for this purpose, being the proceeds of the sale of the Huntridge
Fire Station, but the employment of an architect would cost approximately
$65,000.00, which could be paid over two budgets.

Commissioner Fountain recommended the firm of Knighton and McDaniel.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the firm of Knighton and McDaniel be
employed for the purpose of drawing the necessary plans to remodel the
Central Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy next presented the request of Tower Corporation for
a business license, in order that it might maintain an office in the City
of Las Vegas for the purpose of selling stock in the proposed Deauville
Hotel.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance and the
motion did not pass for lack of a second.

City Manager Kennedy stated they would have to have a business license to
sell stock, inasmuch as they contemplated opening an office.

His Honor Mayor Gragson inquired of City Attorney Cory whether the Board
would be within its rights if it held this matter in abeyance.

City Attorney Cory replied in the affirmative and stated he would like to
have it held in abeyance pending examination by the State Bank Examiner
and then have the matter referred to the City Attorney for further report.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the granting of a business license to
Tower Corporation for the purpose of selling stock within the City of
Las Vegas be held in abeyance, pending examination by the State Bank
Examiner and further referral to the City Attorney.

Commissioner Fountain asked City Attorney Cory whether the Bank Examiner
should not be included in the consideration of this matter.

City Attorney Cory advised this was not necessary, as the applicant was
a corporation; however, before this corporation is able to engage in the
sale of stock, a loan or something of that nature would have to be
approved by the State Bank Examiner and that this phase of the matter
was presently being examined by Mr. Robinson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Griffith Methodist Church
for an extension of time to complete the offsite improvements adjacent
to the church property at 17th and Bracken. He stated approval was
recommended by the Planning Department and Engineering Department,
provided offsite improvements be installed on Bracken.

Commissioner Fountain moved that an extension of time to complete offsite
improvements at 17th and Bracken be granted Griffith Methodist Church.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

12-16-59

PURCHASE OF I. B. M.
EQUIPMENT

Approved

CENTRAL FIRE STATION
Hiring of Architect
Approved

TOWER CORPORATION
Deauville Hotel
Business License
Held in Abeyance

GRIFFITH METHODIST CHURCH
Extension of Time
Approved