270

Renewals

C. W. Ansley	Joes Cafe	119 N. 1st	2 slots 

Johnson Ser.Sta 1328 S. 5th	2	slots

Mexican Kitchen 109 S. Main	1	slot

Spudnut Shop 823 Ogden	2	slots

Topper's Kitchen 419 S. 5th	3	slots

Wilshire Ser.Sta 9th & Fremont 1	slot 

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing applications
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of J. L. Young, President,
Monte Carlo, 15 Fremont, for an additional "21" game for the third
quarter of 1948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED PURCHASE	City Comptroller Harold A. Laird requested the approval of the Board

OF OFFICE MACHINES	for the purchase of an accounting machine and an addressing machine.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the City Comptroller advertise
	for bids for the purchase of the foregoing machines.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

There being no further business to be brought before this special
meeting Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until
August 6, 1948 at 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 6, 1948

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 6th
day of August, 1948, Mayor Cragin called the meeting to order at the
hour of 2:30 P.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple; City Manager, J. M. Murphy, City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall and city Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

MARYLAND PARKWAY	At this time there appeared before the Board a group of property owners

Baseball Field	who had recently presented a petition asking that the park area in

	Maryland Parkway not be used as a baseball field. This group was in-

formed by Mayor Cragin that City Manager J. M. Murphy is negotiating
with school officials for the use of the Huntridge school for this pur-
 pose. His Honor assured said property owners that this matter would be
taken care of as soon as possible.

NUISANCE PETITION	This being the time set for the hearing concerning that certain petition

HEARING --	filed with the City Clerk on May 27, 1948 asking that the nuisance of the

Postponed	Bush Bros. Trucklines, 334 North 6th Street be abated, Mayor Cragin asked

	the representatives of Bush Bros. Trucklines if they would be agreeable to

postponing said hearing until the counsel for the petitioners was able to
appear. It was agreed that this hearing be postponed until the regular
meeting of the Board September 7, 1948.

ORDINANCE NO. 357	At this time Harold M. Morse, Esq. appeared before the Board relative to

the proposed Ordinance No. 357 concerning the licensing of Race Horse Book
Wire Service (Amending Ordinance No. 349). His Honor informed Mr. Morse
that said ordinance would be read for the second time August 20, 1948
and if it is to be read previous to that meeting, he would be properly
informed.

REGIONAL PLANNING	Mr. Michael Degles appeared before the Board requesting that he be

COMMISSION	considered for appointment on the Regional Planning Commission,

	Mayor Cragin informed Mr. Degles that his application would be given

consideration at the proper time.