The gaming applications of Jack Butler and Chas. E. Taylor Co. were brought before
the Board for consideration. These application were not approved by the Police and Fire Com-
missioner.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that a license for the operation of two gaming tables to Jack Butler at 110 South First Street
be refused.		

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that a license for the operation of two gaming tables to the Chas. E. Taylor Company be re-
fused.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the sum of $1500.00 be transferred from the Water Sewer and Light Fund to the General
Fund. Same being the amount that had been transferred to the Water Sewer and Light Fund some
tine previous to be replaced when the taxes were in.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of the City paying for the insurance on the car of Lloyd S. Payne,

City Electrical Inspector was next brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the City pay the insurance premium on the car of the City Electrical Inspector. Said
premium to be $67.00, and taken out of the General Fund of the City. Vote on said Motion
was as follows. Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 3rd day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 3rd 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 3rd day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of January 27th and 30th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
motion passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 30th
day of January be rescinded as Commissioner Hansell had seconded said motion under a misappre-
hension as to the location of the place of business.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, Hansell, and German,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
Commissioner Thomas be given until Thursday the 5th day of February to investigate the com-
plaints against the conducting of a restaurant in the gaming rooms of the said Jack Butler,
and that Commissioner have his report ready to had to the Board when they met in a regular
session Thursday the 5th day of February.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell, and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Paul Hosman, City Building Inspector appeared before the Board and explained to them
why he did not pass on the building blocks being made and used by Mr. Lela. At Mr. Lela's ex-
pense he would send five (5) of said blocks into a laboratory for testing.

A letter from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce was read to the Board inviting them
to attend the Annual Meeting of the Chamber of Commerce to be held on the 4th day of Feb-
ruary and to delegate one of their members to five a short address on the objectives for the
year 1931. Commissioner L.B. Hansell was appointed to represent the Board at this meeting.

Paul Hosman, was directed to prepare some plans and specifications for the building
on a room on the east side of the Library to be used as a room for the Clerk's Office, and
present same to the Board for its approval at an early date.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.