livered to the City Treasurer, as his authority for such transfer. Vote on the said Res-
olution was as follows; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith and seconded by Commissioner W. B.
Mundy, it was RESOLVED THAT the Bonds for the Mayor and Commissioners elect be secured
from Surety Companies qualified to do business in the State of Nevada, and that the premium
thereon be paid by the City.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board it was
ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the 17th day of
May, 1927, at the hour of Three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 17, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

Present? His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith,

together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Chas. J. Hammond and Elwell.



Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, and

unanimously carried, it was ordered that the following Permit be issued; W. S. Park, having pre-
viously made application:

PERMIT TO W. S. PARK.

WHEREAS, W. S. PARK, of Las Vegas, Nevada, has heretofore applied
to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, for a permit to construct and maintain a
permanent awning, extending from the west wall of the buildings on the
front One Hundred Ten feet of lot number one in block number nineteen
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, to the west beyond the lot line of
said lot number one in block number nineteen, a distance of twelve
feet, to be supported by concrete pillars from the roof thereof and
resting on the sidewalk in accordance with the plan attached hereto-
marked "Exhibit A" and made a part hereof, and

WHEREAS, AT a meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City
of Las Vegas, held oh the 17th day of May, 1927, permission to
erect and maintain such permanent awning was by a Resolution, duly
adopted by said Board at said meeting, given to the said W. A. Park,
and the Mayor and City Clerk were authorized to execute and deliver
such Permit to the said W. S. Park,

NOW THEREFORE, the City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its
Mayor and City Clerk, authorized as aforesaid, does hereby give and
grant to the said W. S. Park permission to erect and maintain such
permanent awning, subject however, to the following special conditions:

1.	That the said awning shall be built wholly of fireproof
material.

2.	That the same shall at all time be kept in proper condition
and repair by and at the expense of said W. Park.

3.	That the said W. S. Park, his executors and administrators,
will at all times save the City of Las Vegas free and harmless from
all damages, costs, expense, and attorneys fees arising by reason

of injury to persons or property by or on account of the erection or
maintenance of said permanent awning, encroachment on or obstruction to
the street or sidewalk.

4.	The granting of this permit shall not act as an estoppel
against said City; and said City specifically retains the right to
compel the change, alteration or removal of the said permanent awning
at any time when, in the discretion of the governing board of said

City it shall be to the best interests of said City and its inhabitants
to have the same changed, altered or removed, as the case may be;
and permittee, said W. S. Park, shall not be entitled to recover com-
pensation from said City by reason of any change, alteration or
removal which shall be so compelled by said City, as aforesaid,

5.	The provisions of this Permit shall extend to the successors

and assigns of said City, and to the heirs, executors, administrators
and assigns of said Permittee, W. S. Park.	

6.	The terms and conditions of this Permit are accepted by