OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF

Las Vegas, Nevada, November 2,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
on the 2nd day of November, 1921, at the hour of eight o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor,
William C. German, with members Frank Brickie, Lou Martin, Thomas R. Hodgens and Harry N. Anderson,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

"Las Vegas, Nevada, October 28,1921.

To His Honor, W. C. German, Mayor of Las Vegas,

and the Honorable Board of City Commissioners.

Gentlemen:

Having a matter of considerable importance to present for your
consideration, I take this method of getting it before you.

Throughout every year, and with greater frequency during the
Fall and Winter, the people of this community are called upon to sub-
scribed funds for the relief of many persons. Some of these are worthy
of assistance, others are not. In order that the officials and citizens
of the city may not be left to the mercy of unscrupulous persons seeking
aid for imaginary ills, and that those deserving of help may be rightfully
cared for, I submit the following suggestions:

First: That a committee be selected by your body consisting
of not more than three persons, one from the Board of City Commissioners
and two other trustworthy citizens, to be designated as a Social Service
Committee.

Second: This committee to operate under the supervision of the
City Board of Commissioners, and their books to be audited by the City
Auditor.

Third: It shall be the duty of this Committee to consider all
necessitous cases presented, and cared for in such a way as they shall
deem worthy and to the extent thought advisable.

Fourth: This committee shall be authorized by the Board of
City Commissioners to raise by private subscription or other means,
an amount thought sufficient for the needs of each year.

There are simply suggestions as to the organization and operation 

of such a committee and can be changed, amplified or rejected as
your Board shall see fit.

Trusting this matter may be given your early and favorable
consideration, I am

Yours respectfully,

Leo C. Kline."

Whereupon, a discussion of the plan suggested by Mr. Kline took place, the Hon. Wm. J. Stewart,
Chairman of the County Commissioners, being asked to join in the discussion. The clerk was
instructed to write to the City Clerks of Reno, Elko, Winnemucca, and Sparks for information as
to how this problem of caring for needy transients is handled in other cities similarly situa-
ted. Farther action on the above communication was laid over until the next regular meeting
of the Board.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

"Las Vegas, Nev.,

Nov. 1, 1921.

Mr. German,

Dear Sir:

In regard to fortune telling, I am a card reader
and palmist. I am also a resident of this town and intend
making it my home here, and would like to know if you can
take it before the county board and have it fixed so that
I may be able to tell fortunes in this town. I am willing
to pay small license, something reasonable.

I am no fraud, and I do clean legitimate work.

I would like for you to take this up and let me
know your decision as soon as possible.

Yours truly,

Mrs. D.J. Worsham."

Whereupon, it was the opinion of the City Attorney that the ordinance cannot be changed so as to
permit of discrimination between residents and nonresidents, and the Clerk was instructed to
notify Mrs. Worsham to that effect.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the following communication from the Federal Power Board: