571

or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if
the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neg-
lect to complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following
the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited
to the City of Las Vegas, and, in that event, the corporate authorities
of said City nay accept the bid of the one making the next best bid, or
if all bids are rejected, such authorities may readvertise said bonds
for sale. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best
bids received, and are not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate
authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 24th day of January, 1931.

REED WHIPPLE
Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST;

SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk
j29, f5, 12, 19, 26

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore and seconded by Commissioner Peccole that all
rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption
of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be and the sane are hereby suspended for
the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said resolution at this
meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result;

Those voting aye; Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting nay; None

Absent;	Mayor Cragin

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion, the
Mayor Pro Tem declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Moore then moved that said resolution be now placed upon its final
passage and adopted. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said
resolution, the roll was called with the following result;

Those voting aye; Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting nay; None

Absent;	Mayor Cragin

The Mayor Pro Tem thereupon declared that all the Commissioners present having
voted in favor thereof, said motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed
and adopted.

———oOo———

RESOLUTION 2l5

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted;

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of February, 1951, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 26th
day of January, 1951, executed by Lee V. Rosser to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein by, and is hereby accepted ,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

- — -oOo-— -
RESOLUTION 216

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution;

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas by Emergency Ordinance
No. 433, passed, adopted and approved the 25th day of October, 1950, declared its determination
to make certain public Improvements as therein provided, and

whereas, said Board by Emergency Ordinance No. 433 created Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-2 for the purpose of making said improvements, and directed the County Assessor
and the Ex-officio City Assessor to prepare an assessment roll to defray the costs of making
the same, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined by the said Board that the Assessment Roll as prepared
by the assessor is not in sufficient amount to pay the costs of the said improvements, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined by the said Board that it is for the best interest of
the people of the City of Las Vegas, that a new assessment roll in an amount sufficient
to cover the actual costs of said improvements be prepared.