within the City of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the violation
thereof was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Clark
moved the adoption of said proposed Ordinance. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 201", entitled

AMENDING NO. 201 "An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals, and sanitary 

conditions of all places dispensing food and refreshments to the public. 

Providing for the inspection of meats and meat products to be dispensed and 
sold in the City of Las Vegas. Prohibiting the sale and possession of any
uninspected meats for human food. Authorizing the appointment of meat 

inspectors prohibiting the sale of meat and meat products by unlicensed 

establishments and providing a penalty for the violation thereof, was 

presented to the Board for consideration and read for the first time. 

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said Ordinance. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration.

PROPHYLAXSIS
Station Lease

Resolution

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners, in regular meeting assembled,
that the lease entered into between the City of Las Vegas and the United
States Government, entered into for the period beginning July 1st, 1942, to
June the 30th, 1943, for the rent of a room in the Las Vegas Police Station
at a monthly rental of ($15.00) Fifteen Dollars per month, payable each and
every month beginning with July 1st, 1942, be and the same hereby is 

approved, and be it

FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Chief of Police be directed to arrange for the
occupation of this room by the United States Medical Corps and that the City
Clark be directed to advise the Division Engineer of the War Department at	

Los Angeles, California, that said room is available.	

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing Resolution. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MCQUAY	Upon the recommendation of the City Attorney, Commissioner Smith moved that

SUPPLY CO.	the claim of the McQuay Supply Co. for the refund of a $100.00 cash bond put

up for Mr. Brockmiller as a plumbing contractor be refunded under the terms 

heretofore agreed to. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Clark was out of the room.

PURCHASING	The following letter was presented by Mr. Smith.

AGENT

December 12, 1942

Mr. LeRoy Whipple - Purchasing Agent
City

Dear Sir:

November 23, I was authorized to open negotiations for the purpose of 

employing someone to perform the combined duties of auditor and purchasing
agent for the city.



As a result of this authorization I engaged Mr. John R. Hemphill to 

perform the dual services for the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Hemphill resigned the office of Purchasing Agent - Auditor by telephone
to the City Clerk, stating that same would be confirmed by letter later.

In view of the foregoing in consideration of mutual consent between 

yourself and I and exercising authority as mentioned above it is my pleasure
to advise you that you are on this date December 12, 1942 authorized to
serve as purchasing agent and auditor until further definite arrangements
are made.

Sincerely yours,

A. F. Smith, Sr.,

Commissioner of Finance and Revenue

PS It is understood of course that the salary of $110.00 paid to our former
auditor, shall be added to your salary as purchasing agent on a pro rate
basis to cover period of service.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the resignation of Jack Hemphill be
accepted, and the temporary appointment of LeRoy Whipple as Purchasing
Agent and Auditor be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a report on the cost of food at the Police Jail.

MRS. MCNAMEE

Service Men	Commissioner Smith made a motion that Commissioner Rubidoux cooperate with 

Mrs. McNamee In her request as to the entertainment of Service Men during