LIGHT STANDARDS	The City Manager requested approval of a purchase requisition from the Street

Lighting Department for light standards. Mr. Kennedy stated that these standards 
Purchase Authorized	would be kept in stores to be used for replacements required when damages

are caused by traffic accidents.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 1131 to Pacific Union
Metals in the total amount of $1470.00 for light standards be approved and the
purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RANCHO ROAD	Mr. Kennedy reported that Rancho Road between Oakey Boulevard and San Francisco

Improvement	is ready for oil-mix. He stated that it was planned to have this work done under 

the summer program of street improvement and would cost the City approximately 
$2900 for the  materials. He stated that Wells-Cargo has offered to do this
job for $3500.00, and recommended that this proposal be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the proposal of Wells-Cargo to improve Rancho Road 
between Oakey and San Francisco by installing oil-mix at a total cost of $3500 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CONVENTION EXPENSES	The City Manager requested that $200.00 be granted the Police Department for 

Police Department	expenses in connection with the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit Conference being

held in Las Vegas on March 28th.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Police Department be granted $200.00 expenses in
connection with the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit Conference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXICAB STAND	The Commission considered the request of the Blue Cab and Boulder Cab Companies

APPLICATION	for a cab stand at the Fremont Hotel.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be instructed to grant a cab stand
to the Blue Cab Company and the Boulder Cab Company at the Fremont Hotel.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DAN DEE BAR	At this time Mr. Chet Smith, representing Mr. and Mrs. Larry Fitzpatrick owners

Reopened	of the Dan Dee Bar, which was closed by the Commission on March 19th. Mr. Smith

explained that the Fitzpatricks have not consummated the sale of the bar to Frank
Venneman and Ralph Holtschlag, and will not until these gentlemen can qualify for
a City license. Mr. Smith stated that the Fitzpatricks would like to straighten
this matter out and be permitted to reopen the bar.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the Dan Dee Bar be permitted to 
reopen with the present licensee, Molly Fitzpatrick, to be in complete control of
the management and operation and that the purchasers under the Buy and Sell
Agreement shall have no control whatsoever of the management or operation of the
bar, and act in no capacity other than as employees.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MEETING WITH	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the County Commission would like

COUNTY COMMISSION	to meet with them Monday night, March 31st. Mr. Kennedy stated that he would advise

	 the Board of the time when he receives this information.

RESOLUTION OF	Commissioner Bunker moved that an appropriate resolution be prepared, commending

COMMENDATION	Clarence Pefley for his courageous efforts in stopping a run away motorcycle at

5th and Bridger on February 20, 1958, and that this resolution be made a part of
the minutes.

****Resolution copied on Page 97 in this Minute Book No. 11

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI LICENSE	Mr. John Mendoza appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of Mr. Blaine

	Simpson, applicant for a taxi license. Mr. Mendoza advised the Commission that

Mr. Simpson had filed his fictitious firm name with the County Clerk and has a
letter from his insurance agent indicating that he has ample insurance to meet
the requirements of the Code.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be held in abeyance until April 2, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission at this time, at the
hour of 8:35 P.M. Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting recess until March 28,

1958 at 7:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

3-26-58