to the City of Las Vegas only in the event said American Light and Water Company shall fail
to comply with the provisions of said contract, Henery C. Ulen. " You will forward said draft
of Ed. W. Clark, Treasurer for $41,200.00 for collection, with said papers attached, with instructions

to your correspondent Bank to deliver all of the above mentioned papers to American Light &

Water Company of Chicago , Illinois upon the payment of said draft in full on or before July 1st
1912. said draft is marked "No Protest". If said draft is not paid on or before July 1st, 1912.
the same, together with papers attached, ate to be returned to the undersigned unless otherwise
instructed by us. The proceeds of said draft upon collection are to be deposited to the credit of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in your bank.	Said American Light & Water Company is to he allowed

to examine the papers attached to the draft of Ed.W. Clark, Treasurer upon their arrival in
Chicago, but such papers are not to be surrendered until, payment of said $41,200.00 draft as above
provided for. Express charges, if any, ate to be borne by the City of Las Vegas. This letter
of instruction is executed in triplicate. Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada. By Peter Buol. Mayor.	Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

The vote upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor peter Buol aye. No notes to the contrary.

The Board next took up the matter of the establishment of a fire alarm system for the City
under the bid accepted at the last regular meeting. It was reported that it would be necessary
to obtain the permission of the Consolidated Bower and Telephone Company. in order to place the
wires for such system on their poles. the City Attorney reported that in his opinion said Consolidated

Power and Telephone Co. had no valid existing franchise to operate a telephone, light or

power business upon the streets of the City of Vegas, and suggested that it would be

better at this time for the said Company to secure a franchise or franchises for that purpose.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Commissioner Von Tobel the

following resolution and preamble was duly adopted; Whereas, it is reported to the Board of

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that the Consolidated Power and Telephone



Co., is now and had heretofore been operating a telephone, electric light and power business in the City
of Las Vegas without a franchise, right or authority so to do. and Whereas, it is to the best
interest of said City that if such reported facts be true that said Company secure a franchise so
to do from the City of Las Vegas , Now therefore, be it resolved that the said Consolidated Power
& Telephone Co., be notified by he City Clerk to exhibit and shown to the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, by what franchise, franchises, right or authority it does now
conduct and operate within the City of Las Vegas and upon the streets and alleys thereof such
telephone, electric light and power business, and that such showing be made to this Board at its
next regular meeting on Wednesday the 3rd, day of July, 1912. And further that in case the
said Company does hot have or claim a valid franchise, right or authority to conduct and operate
said business as aforesaid that it make application at said next regular meeting for a franchise
covering said businesses." The vote upon said resolution being ad follows, Commissioners Stewart
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, The City Clerk
The City Clerk reported that Al James had refused to pay his license for conducting a
saloon in the City for the quarter beginning April 1st, 1912. and ending July 1st. 1912. thereupon
upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin, and duly carried the City Attorney was instructed
to institute at once proper legal proceedings against the said Al James on account of the non-payment
 of said license. The vote upon said motion being as follows: Stewart, Coughlin, aye,

McGovern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, Therebeing no further
business before the Board upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried
the meeting adjourned. Approved.