 Commissioner Clark moved that the application of George Miller for a sealed package
liquor license at Charleston and Main, South corner, be denied. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of John D. Anton for a retail beverage
license at 1503 S. 5th Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
voted on as follows: Voting aye, Commissioner Tinch and His Honor the Mayor. Voting no,
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Smith.

A petition requesting permission for Mrs. R. J. Riller to operate a restaurant at
7th and Harrison Streets, and signed by more than 50% of the owners of property within a
radius of 500 feet of said intended commercial establishment giving their consent therefor
was presented to the Board for consideration.

Commissioner Smith moved that said petition be granted provided, it meets all legal
requirements. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

 A Petition heretofore presented to the Board requesting permission to erect a building
at Fifth & Morgan Streets, Westside, for a cafeteria, and signed by several property owners
was again presented for consideration.

Commissioner Tinch moved that said petition be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

 A letter from Mr. Wm. B. Mundy, city treasurer, calling their attention to an over-
draft of the Airport Construction Fund in the sum of $389.10.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board authorize the transfer from the General
Fund of $389.10 to the Airport Construction Fund and instruct the city treasurer to make
as early apportionment of taxes as possible. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the State Highway Department regarding the obtaining of 5' of Land
from C. F. Gartside on Fremont for widening purposes was read and tabled.

A letter signed by A. W. Ham, Esq., member of the Library Board requesting that the
Board include in the proposed bond issue the sum of $50,000 for the erection of a new
city library, was read and Mr. Blackman stated that the matter had already been taken
care of.

A letter and recommendation from Harlan T. Brown for the adoption of proposed
plumbing ordinance in accordance with War Production Board specifications was presented.

Said matter was laid over to the next regular meeting.

A communication from Senator Pat McCarran regarding the enforcement of Ordinance
260 was read. Mayor Garrison appointed Commissioners Rubidoux and Smith to look into the
practicability of the city operating a trailer court and make a report at the next meeting.
Also whether the financing of same can be included in the proposed bond issue.



Commissioner Clark requested per mission to have the city electrical inspector attend an Electricians
conference at Long Beach, California. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said request be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner
Tinch was out of the room.



A letter from the Federal Public Housing Authority requesting the city to furnish street lights
for the government houses was read. The clerk was instructed to write to said agency
informing them that at the present time the city is in no position to grant their request.

Commissioner Clark moved that 1 wood swivel chair and 1 wood arm chair be transferred
to the police department from the clerk's office. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting
aye. Commissioner Tinch voted no.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city clerk write a letter to Mr. Sargent acknowledging
a report of the city clerk regarding his work as license collector and extending him a vote
of thanks for his services, to which Mr. Tinch objected. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Smith voting aye.
Noes, Commissioner Tinch. Passed: Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until May 22, 1942 at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.