Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that W. B. Bundy has received a plurality of
all votes cast for the office of City Commissioner of the First Class, it was Therefore
Resolved, on motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, that the
said W. B. Mundy be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner of
the First Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further
Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to the said W. B. Mundy. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Thomas, and Hansell and His honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that W. C. German has received a plurality
of all votes cast for the office of City Commissioner of the Third Class, it was Therefore
Resolved, on motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, that the
said W. C. German be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner
of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further
Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to the said W. C. German. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Hansell and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that the "Sewer Bonds" had been defeated by
a plurality of all votes cast, it was therefore Resolved, on motion of Commissioner Thomas,
seconded by Commissioner Hansell that the said "Sewer Bonds" are hereby declared to be
defeated. That the number of votes cast for the "Sewer Bonds" were 737, and the number
of votes cast against the "Sewer Bonds" were 965. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of accepting the amount of licenses
collected by the Sheriff of Clark County for the gaming houses.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded By Commissioner Thomas the following
 Preambles and Resolution was upon vote thereon duly adopted:

WHEREAS, it has been reported to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas that Joe Keate, the Sheriff of Clark County, State of Nevada has heretofore de-
posited with the County Treasurer of the County of Clark and ex-officio City Treasurer of
the City of Las Vegas, for the credit of said City of Las Vegas, the sum of Five Thousand
One Hundred Four and 20/100 Dollars ($5,104.20) on account of collections made on gaming
licenses issued for operation of games within the City of Las Vegas for the quarter com-
mencing on the first day of April, 1931 and ending on the 30th day of June 1931 under and
act of the State of Nevada, entitled "An Act concerning slot machines, gambling games, and
gambling devices; providing for the operation thereof under license; providing for cer-
tain license fees and the use of the money obtained therefrom; prohibiting minors from
playing and loitering about such games; designating the penalties for violation of the pro-
visions thereof; and other matters properly relating thereto," and

WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that said Sheriff has not paid into the Treasury of said City the proportion of said
license fees belongs to said City, by the deposit aforesaid, but has retained from the
said City's portion of said license fees an amount equal to six per cent. of the whole
amount due said City as its portion of said license fees, and

WHEREAS, this Board is advised that said Sheriff has no warrant or authority in
law to with hold and retain said six percent. or any percent. of the said City's portion,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that demand beforthwith made upon said Joe Keate,
Sheriff of Clark County for the balance due said City as its portion of the said gaming
license fees collected by him upon licenses issued for the operation of games within
said City of Las Vegas for said quater beginning April 1, 1931 and ending June 30, 1931;
that such demand be made by the City Clerk of said City by the delivery to said Joe
Keate, Sheriff, of a certified copy of this Resolution, and a written demand signed by
said Clerk on behalf of said City in the following Form:

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 19, 1931.

To Joe Keate, Sheriff of Clark County, Nevada.

You are hereby directed and commanded to forthwith pay over to the City of
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada all of the proportion of gaming license
fees belonging to said City for licenses issued by you for the quarter beginning April
1, 1931 and ending June 30, 1931, according to the terms of the attached copy of Resolution
adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 19th day of
May, 1931.

City of Las Vegas

By________________

City Clerk.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the following Preambles, and Re-
solution were duly adopted: on motion of Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner
Thomas.

WHEREAS, this Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have by Resolution
at this meeting provided for demand to be made on Joe Keate, Sheriff of Clark County, Nev-
ada for the balance due the City as its portion of license moneys collected on licenses
issued for gaming in the City of Las Vegas during the quarter beginning April 1, 1931	

and ending June 30, 1931 by said Sheriff of Clark County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, said Sheriff has heretofore deposited with the County Treasurer of
the County of Clark and ex-officio City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, for the credit
of said City the sum of Five Thousand One Hundred Four Dollars and 20/100 ($5,104.20) on
account of the City's portion of such license fees, but has retained six per centum of
said City's portion of such license fees,	

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the said City shall take and use said sum of
($5,104.20), which belongs to it, but in so taking and using same it shall not be deemed
to have waived its right to the balance being with held by said Sheriff of Clark County, Neva da,
and that a certified copy of this Resolution be served on said Sheriff at the same time
as service is made of the previous Resolution adopted at this meeting demanding said City's
full proportion of such license fees.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that six slot machine licenses be grant to D. Lorenzi and Roy Grimes to be used at