PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Moving

PLANNING COMMISSION
Appointed

CITY MANAGER -
Appointment

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by Commissioner Whipple that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby, suspended for the purpose of permit-ting the final passage and adoption of said Emergency Ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the
roll was called with the following result:

Those Voting Aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those Voting Nay:	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full
at this meeting be nowplaced upon its passage. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion,
and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those Voting Aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those Voting Nay:	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final
passage.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as
an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The question being
upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the following
result:

Those Voting Aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those Voting Nay:	None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in favor there-
of, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency
ordinance.

Commissioner Sharp moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 571.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple requested additional time before reporting on the Moving
Ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following appointments be made to the City Planning Commis-
sion:

Gerald Stewart

J.	A. Tiberti
R. T. Baskin
Douglas Rather
Ernest Schroer
W. D. Phelps

6 year term
5 year term
4 year term
3 year term
2 year term
1 year term

Ex-Officio Members;

Commissioner Harris P. Sharp
City Engineer George Wade
City Manager

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Raymond Carey be appointed City Manager at a salary of
$12,000 per year, effective September 1, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioner Bunker voted "no” and stated that he cannot in good conscience vote for Mr.
Carey because he cannot see any justification at all for a starting salary of $12,000 in
view of previous experience. Mr. Carey’s reaction on the Commission investigating him
shows poor judgment and immature action. He cannot understand why Mr. Carey is leaving
a position of $14,000 to accept $12,000; however, if he receives the majority vote of the
Commission he will support Mr. Carey and give any assistance he can while he is a Commis-
sioner.

8-19-53