221

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To:	E. W. Cragin, Mayor and to C. R. Clark, R. T. Moore, R T. Baskin,

Reed, Whipple Commissioners; and J. M. Murphy, City Manager of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a Call this
day issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Office of the Mayor
at the War Manorial Building, 5th & Stewart Streets, on the 26th day of
March, 1948 at the hour of 3:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Vacation of 2nd & Wyoming Streets

2.	Gasoline tax poll.

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk and
Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice of special meeting:

E. W. Cragin	Bob Baskin

Reed Whipple	Robert T. Moore

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 26th
day of March, 1948. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Cragin at the hour of 3:30 P.M., with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple City Manager, J. M. Murphy and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and City Attorney

C. Norman Cornwall.

VACATION OF SECOND &	At a special meeting of	the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

WYOMING STREETS	Vegas, Nevada held this	26th day of March, 1948, which time being the

	date set for hearing of	a petition for the vacation of certain portions

of Second Street and Wyoming Street in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
Commissioner Baskin moved that the following Order be made:

0 R D E R

A Petition, dated the 7th day of January, 1948, signed by three (3)
freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the
Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of those portions
of Second Street and Wyoming Street hereinafter described, and said

Petition having been by Order of this Board referred to the Planning
Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the
premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated
January 30, 1948, with this Board approving and recommending said
vacation;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting held on the
20th day of February, 1948, set the 26th day of March, 1948, at the
hour of 3:30 P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners,
in the War Manorial Building, located at the northwest corner of Fifth
and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
as the time and place for a public hearing on said Petition and
recommendation, and Ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid streets
proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the
time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed
vacation:

And it appearing from the affidavit of T. E. Beilis, filed with the Clerk
of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of
which Notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 24th day
of February, 1948, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for
vacation and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon,
and this Board having heard evidence in support of said Petition and recom-
mendation, and no evidence in opposition thereto having been offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portions of
the streets proposed to be vacated are no longer required for the public
use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the
City of Las Vegas, and that the public will not be materially injured
thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portions of Second Street and
Wyoming Streets, to-wit:

The easterly seven and one-half feet (E.7 1/2')
of Second Street immediately adjacent to and
Westerly of Lots 1,2,3,4 and 5, and the
Southerly seven and one-half feet (S.7 1/2')
of Wyoming Street immediately adjacent to and
Northerly of Lot 1, all of said Lots being in
Block 18, Boulder Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, as shown by a Map thereof on file in