BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized and directed to
sign, and the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby authorized and directed to attest and
cause to be published at least once a week for four consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas
Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in said County of Clark and in said City
of Las Vegas, the same being a newspaper of general circulation, a notice of the sale of
said Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1931 Series), such notice to be in substantially the follow-
ing form, to-wit:

"NOTICE OF SALE OF LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS"

(1931 Series)

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, will receive bids until 3 o'clock P.M. on the 8th day of April 1931, for the
purchase of Ten (10) bonds of the Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1931 Series). Said Bonds consist
of ten (10) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, of which two
(2) bonds on the denomination of one thousand dollars each will be payable in five annual
installments, commencing on the 2nd day of January, 1932. Said bonds will bear interest at
a rate not exceeding six per centum per annum, payable semi-annually, and will bear date
January 1, 1931. The principal of each of said bonds is payable on or before its due date.
Interest on each of said bonds shall cease on the date when the bond becomes due and is pay-
able or is paid, and in retiring each of said bonds the interest shall be payable only to
the date of the retirement of said bonds respectively.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accom-
panied by a deposit of five per cent either cash or certified check payable to the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the
bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the pur-
chase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the
amount of his or its deposit will be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event
said Board of Commissioners will elect whether or not it will accept the bid of the one
making the next best bid. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best
received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said Board of Commissioners will de-
termine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Highway Bonds
(1931 Series)" and be addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas,

Nevada. Bids will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 8th day of April 1931,
at 3 o'clock P.M. at the regular meeting place of said Board in the Board of Commissioners
Room at the Public Library building in said City of Las Vegas. Bidders shall submit a
bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par, at which
such bidder will purchase said bonds: or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the
bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the
best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all bids and
readvertise. None of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued interest, and no
discount or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this 5th day of March, 1931.

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Wednesday the 8th day of April 1931, at three
o'clock P.M. be and the same is hereby fixed as the time for the opening of such bids.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby ordered and
directed to mail or cause to be mailed to the Secretary of the State Board of Finance
a copy of said notice within the time and the manner required by law.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby ordered
and directed to communicate with various printing establishments for the purpose of
securing prices for the printing of said bonds.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners L.B. Hansell,

R. W. Thomas, O.J. Smith and W.C. German and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye.

Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 9th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 9th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
hold on the 9th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M. in the new office of the
City Clerk and Board of Commissioners Room.