501

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Harlem Club is located immediately adjacent to the City Limits of Las
Vegas, and

WHEREAS, said Harlem Blue has now been designated as out-of-bounds by the United States
Army as a result of said investigations conducted by that body, and

WHEREAS, the City Police Department and the various administrative heads, through
investigation, have determined that a great amount of our policing difficulties on the West
Side of Las Vegas have arisen by reason of the operation of said Club, and

WHEREAS, we are unable to effectually control the same because the Club is outside of
the City limits.

NOW, THEREFORE, be it Resolved that we the City Commission of the City of Las Vegas
acting by virtue of the aforesaid premises do hereby request that the Board of County Com-
missioners acting by and through the Director Control Board do revoke the liquor and gambling
licenses under which the Harlem Club is now operating in the COUNTY of Clark, State of Nevada.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed___	A. F. Smith. Sr..__________

City Clerk	Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

Approved and adopted:

February 21, 1944.

----oOo-----

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the population of the City of Las Vegas has increased from 8,400 to approximately
19,500 in the last three years, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has public recreational facilities which are barely ade-
quate to provide normal recreation for a peace-time population of 8,400, and

WHEREAS, approximately 70% of the present population of the City of Las Vegas are
directly connected with defense projects in this area, to wit:	Las Vegas Army Air base;

Basic Magnesium, Inc; Manganese Ores; and the Union Pacific Railroad, a vital war arterial,
and

WHEREAS, the effectiveness of these war projects has been impaired as a result of labor
turnover, partially due to inadequate public recreational facilities, now therefore

BE	IT RESOLVED by the	Board of City Commissioners of the	City of Las Vegas,	County of

Clark, State of Nevada, that	application be made to the Federal	Government through	the

Federal Works Agency for financial assistance to construct adequate facilities to provide re-
creation for the personnel of the above-mentioned defense projects, and

BE IT RESOLVED that all necessary information, reports, maps and preliminary drafts
necessary for said application be prepared in order that a fully adequate and complete re-
port may be submitted to the Federal Government by and through the Federal Works Agency, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLED that that portion of Block 14, Valley View Addition as shown on
Page 50,	Book 1 of plats in	the office of the Recorder, County	of Clark, State of	Nevada,

which is	not occupied by the U.S.O. Building, and all of that portion of the City	Park lying

North of Mesquite Avenue, East of Second Street, West of 5th Street and South of the Biltmore
Annex # 2 be and is hereby set aside for the construction of the proposed recreational
facilities.

Dated this 22nd day of May, 1944.

/s/ E. W. Cragin, Mayor

Attest:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk