LICENSES - OTHER	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ralph Lamb doing business as Ralph Lamb

Ralph Lamb Detective	Detective Service, 209 Bridger, for a private detective license be approved.

Service

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING (Z-13-58)	The Commissioner considered the application of M.M. Bishp and H.W. Snyder to reclassify

M.M. Bishp & H.W. Snyder               Lots 12 & 16 Block 8, Boulder Addition from R-4 to C-1.

Approved	Planning Director Bills stated that the Planning Commission recommends that the application

be amended to include All of the lots on the east side of the block, which would be Lots
9 through 16, Block 8, Boulder Addition and that it be approved as amended.

Mr. Bills stated further that this would expand the application to include the entire
	one-half block. The property in question is presently R-4 and backs up to property

presently used for industrial purposes and there are now a couple of semi-commercial uses
located in this area. All the property on 2nd Street is on the General Land Use Plan
which has tentatively been approved. It would seem logical for this property to be used
for commercial purposes at this time. One of the applicants will develop immediately if
this application is granted. A person across the street asked questions about the proposed
rezoning, but did not voice any protest.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of M.M. Bishop and H.W. Snyder to reclassify
	Lots 12 and 16, Block 8, Boulder Addition from R-4 to C-1 be approved as recommended by

the Planning Commission to include all of the lots on the east side of the block, which would
be Lots 9 through 16, Block 8, Boulder Addition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STEAM ENGINE DISPLAY	The Commission considered the request of Henry Bridgman, Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce

Chamber of Commerce	Museum Committee, for permission to locate a steam engineer for display purposes at the southwest 

corner of 5th and Bonanza. (Approval of location was recommended by the Planning
Held in Abeyance	Commission.)

His Honor, Mayor Baker asked what size locomotive this would be, how it was going to be
transported to the site and if it was to be fenced in some manner.

Mr. Bridgman spoke from the floor stating that this was NO. 3800 Engine, 125' in length,
and they would propose that it be fenced.

Commissioner Sharp asked if it would be placed far enough back on the corner so it would
not impede the vision of traffic.

Mayor Baker expressed the opinion that this particular piece of ground might be needed for
further recreational facilities that are planned for the future.

Commissioner Sharp suggested a rough plot of it be drawn so the Board can visualize just
how it would work out. Mr. Bridgman was of the opinion that it would fit right in at this
particular corner. Commissioner Fountain said he would like to give it some thought and
	study and also would like to see a sketch.

Commissioner Whipple	asked Mr. Bridgman how much time he had to find a location and Mr.

Bridgman stated that	these engines are being scrapped and it is important to find a place

to put the engine as	soon as possible and he further stated they had to have the location

before the Union Pacific will send the engine out.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Henry Bridgman, Chairman of the Chamber of
Commerce, Museum Committee, for permission to locate a steam engine for display purposes
at the Southwest corner of 5th and Bonanza, be held in abeyance for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLOT PLAN	The Board considered	the request of Royes Petersen to appear before the City Commission to

St. Louis Ave. between                 discuss his proposed	plot plan for construction of a 94-unit apartment project and the

Santa Paula Drive                           and question of using the right-of-way adjacent to the curb for access to diagonal parking on
Weldon Place	all 4 sides of the project.

Royes Petersen	On October 9, 1958, this matter was before the Planning Commission and no action was taken.

On October 16, 1958, this matter was before the Traffic and Parking Commission and they
voted unanimously that the builder must conform to the ordinance and that this plan will be
considered when redrawn according to ordinance.

Mr. Petersen spoke to the Board stating that he was never given notice of any meeting;
however, Mr. Bills, Director of Planning was requested by Mr. Cahlan to present this matter.

He further stated that the buildings will be set way back from the street and could see no
reason why something couldn't be worked out. He said this will be one of the most beautiful
buildings that he has built here in Las Vegas. The only contact he had with the traffic and
zoning man was when he pinned him down and asked him if his child was coming down this street,
would he rather have him by the street or up against the buildings. He stated they said he
was asked to this Traffic Commission meeting but actually that this was not so. He further
stated he would like consideration for it anyway; his buildings are set way back and he
would like room enough for shrubs, swimming pools and recreation area. Two sidewalks within
30' would be awfully hard to accept.

Commissioner Whipple asked if his plan was to eliminate the sidewalk by the curb and put the
sidewalk against the building which Mr. Petersen affirmed.

Mr. Petersen went on to say that he has paid $1500.00 for each apartment for the land alone
and he wants to make a beautiful presentation.

Commissioner Fountain asked if he had discussed these plans with the Planning Commission
and Mr. Petersen stated that Mr. Cahlan told Mr. Bills to present it to the Commission.

Commissioner Bunker asked if it was legal under existing ordinance and Mr. Petersen replied
that it was not.

11-19-58