(Coupon Form)

(For Bonds 1 through 40, inclusive)

(a)	$ 35.00
(b)	24. 50
(c)	3.88
(d)	15.00
(e)	10.50
(f)	1.66

NO. *

On the first day of June, 1954, **(Unless the bond to which this coupon is
attached has been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the bearer hereof the sum of

(a)	Thirty Five Dollars

(b)	Twenty Four and Fifty One Hundredths Dollars

(c)	Three and Eighty Eight One Hundredths Dollars

(d)	Fifteen Dollars

(e)	Ten and Fifty One Hundredths Dollars

(f)	One and Sixty Six One Hundredths Dollars

in lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated
the Assessment District No. 100-18 Street Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption
Fund," or in the event said fund shall be insufficient therefor out of its general
fund, at the office of the City Treasurer of said City, being one year's interest on
its "Assessment District No. 100-18 Street Improvement Bond, Series of June 1, 1953",
and bearing No,	.

(Facsimile Signature)

Mayor

(Facsimile Signature)

City Treasurer

(Facsimile Signature)
CITY Clerk

(A)(B) (C) (Insert as amount of "A" coupons for bonds in denomination of $1,000.00,
$700,00, and $110,80, respectively.)

(D)(E) (F) (Insert as amount of "B" coupons for bonds in denomination of $1,000,00,
$700,00, and $110.80,respectively.)

* (Insert "A" or "B" as well as the number of the coupon.)

(Insert in all coupons (Except No, l) Maturing on and after one year from date
on each bond.)

Section 5, That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer in
the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt
of the purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied
solely to defray the cost and expense of making said improvements, but the purchaser
of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application by said City, or
any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are,
authorized and directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the
provisions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the fore-
going, the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may
reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter alia, to the signing
of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the amounts certified
on the assessment roll together with the amount of cash payments, the accuracy of
property descriptions, the receipt of the assignable certificates and the delivery of
the bonds, and the absence of litigation pending or threatened affecting the validity
of the bonds.

Section 7. That after said street improvement bonds are issued, this ordinance
shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest thereon shall be
fully paid, certified and discharged, as herein provided.

Section 8, That all ordinances or resolution, or parts thereof, in conflict with
the provisions of this ordinance, a re hereby repealed. This repealer shall not be
construed to revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part thereof, heretofore repealed.

Section 9, That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall
not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall
be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses, or parts of
this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity
of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one of more instances
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance
in any other instances.

Section 10. That by readon of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas
are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants
and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets; therefore,
it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary
for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health, and safety.

7-1-53

430