noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

AL'S NEW AND USED	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Alfred E. Waters to change the 

FURNITURE AND APPLIANCES         location of his new and used furniture and appliances license and firearms permit for

Al's New and Used Furniture and Appliances to 225 North 1st Street (former location
Change of Location                    219-221 North 1st Street) be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

authorized to amend the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

CIGARETTE VENDING	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board the Nevada Vending Machine Company applied

OPERATORS APPLICATION	for a cigarette vending operators license and an error had been made and the license

was issued before it was approved by the City Commission. Mr. Kennedy added that
Nevada Vending	the Police Department had a favorable police report on two of the three owners;

Machine Company	namely, Ralph T. Warne and Raymond Finn, but that all information had not been

secured for H. O. Hart. He suggested amending the license to be issued to those
who had been cleared and that Mr. Hart could come into the corporation when favorable 
report had been received from the Police Department.

Mr. H. O. Hart was present and spoke to the Board in regard to this license. After
some discussion Mr. Kennedy informed him that a license to operate this type of
business must be approved by the City Commissioners and could not be effective until
approved by them. He stated further that the recommendation must be completed try
the Police Department or the license application would not be put on the agenda and
it would be up to the Commissioners if they wished to act on an incomplete police
report in this case. Mr. Kennedy withdrew his recommendation in regard to amending
this application which he had made earlier.

Commissioner Whipple asked if this could be approved provisionally and City Attorney
Calvin Cory advised him this could not be done according to ordinance. Commissioner
Whipple added that these circumstances were injurious because this corporation had
obligated itself and he was of the opinion that everything would be all right.

Mr. Hart stated that he understood the Commission would not meet again for two weeks.
Commissioner Sharp said they could get together when the report was in from the
Police Department and act upon this application at that time.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE           City Manager Kennedy advised the Board the General Fund Balance as of June 30, 1959,

after payment of the Payroll Warrants and Service and Material Warrants, was an
estimated $712,782.20.

U. S. CONFERENCE	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for expenses for the Mayor and City

OF MAYORS	Manager to attend the U. S. Conference of Mayors in Los Angeles, California, from

July 12th through July 13, 1959, in the amount of $200.00 for the Mayor and $150.00
Approved City Manager               for the City Manager. Mr. Kennedy added that he would return the night of July 14.
and Mayor to Attend                and Mayor Gragson would return on July 15.

Commissioner Fountain moved payment in the amount of $350.00 for the Mayor and City
Manager to attend the U. S. Conference of Mayors be approved and the Director of
Finance and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

CURB MACHINE	Commissioner Sharp moved purchase requisition to Clark County Wholesale Mercantile

Purchase Requisition	Company, 512 South Main, Las Vegas, in the amount of $1,401.25, for an asphalt

curb machine be approved.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

PIPE	Commissioner Sharp moved purchase requisition to the Aluminum Company of America,

1145 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles 17, California, in the amount of $1,131.00,
Purchase Requisition	for 2,000 lineal feet of 20' lengths of 2" pipe to be used for street signs be

Approved	approved; part of this expenditure to be recovered	from the subdividers who pay

for street signs within their own subdivisions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

AMBULANCE SERVICE	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission there was another ambulance operator

CONTRACT	who wished to obtain one-half of the Ambulance Service Contract presently handled

by another company. It was decided to hold this matter in abeyance.

Abeyance

LEGAL HOLIDAY	Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution declaring	Friday, July	3,	1959,

JULY 3, 1959	& legal holiday, be adopted and order made:

Resolution Adopted	RESOLUTION 

WHEREAS, the 14th day of July, 1959, is on Saturday which is a regular day off
for City Employees; and

WHEREAS, the Governor of the great State of Nevada, on or about the 30th day
of June, 1959, declared Friday, the 3rd day of July, to be a legal holiday for all
state and county offices; and

WHEREAS, it is deemed advisable to declare Friday, the 3rd day of July, 1959,
a legal holiday for all City Employees; and

7-1-59