Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. August 1st, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 1st day of August A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with all members of the
Board the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file the Clerk of
this Board.

Reports of Officers read and approved ad read.

At this time the Bond of W.F. Rector Municipal Judge was filed with with the Board and it app-
earing to the Board that the same is regular in every respect it was ordered that the same be and
is hereby approved.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that the residences of Bucks additions
to Las Vegas, Nevada had made a complaint to the effect that under the Franchise heretofore granted
to the said Buck he agreed to furnish sufficient water for the inhabitants thereof, but that under
said Franchise he had failed so to do, to such an extent that the said parties residing and living
in said Buck's addition did not have sufficient water for domestic purpose, therefore it was ordered
by the Board that the City Attorney of said City be and is hereby instructed to take up the matter
of Water with the said Buck and report back to this Board at its next regular meeting just what
can be done in the matter.

The question of the appointment of an Sewer Inspector coming on before the Board and it being
recommended to said Board by tbs Commissioner of Sewer that James Nimock be appointed as said
Inspector it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the said James Nimock be and
is hereby appointed Sewer Inspector in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada under the rules governing
said appoint upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One thousand dollars as by law
and ordinance provided.

At this time the City Attorney presented to the Board an Ordinance amending the Automobile
Ordinance of said City know as Ordinance No. 66 of said City for the first reading which was read
in full to said Board, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said Ordin-
ance be passed over for the second reading of this Board at its next regular meeting in September.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.