Galane addressed the Commission.

MR. GALANE:	I would like to inquire if I may be permitted to ask questions of

these persons. I received these statements this morning; however,
they were prepared two months ago.

MR. CORY: We are not following procedure as a Court of Law.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	That is right.

MR. GALANE:	I would like to ask you to adopt, as procedure, one of two courses —

either ask questions of those who now make statements so Your Honor and
Commissioners can get as much as possible from them, or direct the question to the
Commission before asking the person. I think that would be fair. I ask a fair opportunity 
to question the witnesses.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	I would ask you to direct the question to the Commission after the

person is through speaking.

COMM. FOUNTAIN:	This is not a court of law and I am not in accord with this procedure.

MAYOR GRAGSON: What is your opinion, Mr. Cory?

MR. CORY:	I am of the opinion it would be proper to direct the question through the

Commission.

MR. GALANE:	At the last meeting the procedure followed was for the former Mayor to

permit the licensee to come forward after the reading of the charges.

If we are departing from this tonight I think it is only fair for the licensee's
counsel to ask questions and establish a fair procedure.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	I would like to poll the Board as to how they wish these questions

to be handled. We do need all of the evidence that we can get.

COMM. WHIPPLE:	The question is whether or not Mr. Galane shall cross-examine the

witnesses directly or state the questions to the Board.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	We would ask that you direct questions to the Board which you wish

to ask the witnesses after they have spoken.

COMM. SHARP:	Does the witness have to answer?

COMM. FOUNTAIN:	I would like to explain to Mr. Galane that I do not see how he

could cross-question an individual unless they would be under oath.

MR. GALANE:	May I suggest that when a particular person has completed his testimony

you permit me to submit the question. The only significance of oath
is if false statement is made under oath, it would be perjury. The truth must come
out if witness will give an honest answer. We are trying to get evidence here. I
discussed this matter with City Attorney before.

COMM. WHIPPLE:	None of these witnesses will be sworn.

MR. GALANE:	I assume they will tell the truth.

MR. CORY:	Ordinance reads:	"At such hearing, or any adjournment thereof, the

licensee may present a reasonable number of witnesses, and such other
evidence may be produced as may be relevant for the consideration of said Board of
Commissioners". Nothing is stated about procedure and conduct of the hearing or
cross-examination. So far as I can ascertain, there is no rule of the Supreme Court
of Nevada as to right of cross-examination at such a hearing. You could adopt a
rule that it is in the power of the Board to preclude or include cross-examination;
and should Mr. Galane wish to question a witness, he could — providing the witness
was willing to answer the question.

MR. GALANE: We depart on only one principle — the right of cross-examination where
a license might be revoked is a constitutional right; therefore, if
this Commission should adopt a rule that cross-examination is not permissible, I
would take exception that it would be unconstitutional.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	What is the pleasure of the Board?

COMM. ELWELL:	I move to permit questions to the Commission.

JACK PURSEL:	I would like it clearly understood that members of the Child Welfare

Board do not fear being questioned in any way whatsoever. The question
here is simply procedure.

MR. CORY:	It would place the Commission in an unfair position to have to determine

whether a witness should or should not answer a question.

MR. GALANE:	I did not say the Commission or myself could make a witness answer. In

order to have evidence I request to be permitted to propound the question —
surely the Commission can control the interrogation. The witness cannot conceal evidence 
and if he refuses to answer, we can draw our own conclusion.

MR. CORY:	What is the difference between going through the Commission or asking the

witness the question directly?

MR. GALANE:	If the question is given to the Commission, then the Commission can see

to it the witness is not harassed and be certain the persons before this
Commission are given fair treatment. I think we are talking this issue to death. If
you deprive the right to question and this license is revoked, I would most certainly
appeal.

COMM. ELWELL:	I move to permit questions to the Commission.

7-22-59