A communication from the Las Vegas Business Men's Association relative to the appointment
of an attorney to act in conjunction with a body of men representing management and labor
for the purpose of drafting an ordinance on picketing and boycotting was read to the Board.

Commissioner Smith moved that District Attorney Roland H. Wiley, who had offered
his services without pay, be appointed to meet with said body of men and draw up an ordinance
to present to the Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

A petition signed by several Ministers protesting a certain sign on the L. A*

Highway was read to the Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that said sign be removed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter signed by V. Gray Gubler, Esquire, was read to the Board. Said letter
pertaining to a proposed ordinance for a bus line in the city of Las Vegas. Said matter
was tabled until the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of the Heating & Air Conditioning
Supply, Inc., for an electrical contractor's license be granted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of the Wright Electric Company
for an electrical Constractor's license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from Robert McSorley was read and ordered filed.

	A letter signed by H. T. Bean, Superintendent of Airways, CAA was read and ordered

filed.

A letter from the American Surety Company stating that they had cancelled the
surety bonds of Luce & Goodfellow and Connolly Electric Company. Said letter was ordered
filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney make written demand on the
outstanding delinquent licensees for the year 1941 as provided by the city clerk. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



	Communication from Wm. Mendelsohn in regard to the handling of the city dump, with

an offer to handle same and pay the city $35.00 per month. Commissioner Rubidoux
moved that said offer be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux. Voting no,

Mayor garrison.

Commissioner Smith moved that the demand of E. A. Clark for $60.00 for establishing

centerlines on 15th Street and center lines of Fremont, Carson and Bridger Streets, and

placing concrete monuments at above intersections be denied on the ground that Mr. Clark

heretofore stated that he would bear the expense himself. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



A letter signed by Theodore Michelon protesting the issuance of a gaming license at 113 North 1st Street
was read to the Board.

	The written report of the City attorney on matters heretofore referred to him was

read.