At this time the Board considered the adoption of an amendment to the present zoning ordinance
of the City particular that portion of the city known as Westside. After considering same and the
petition this day filed with the Clerk the City Attorney was instructed to prepare an amend-
ment to the zoning ordinance which would be considered at the next meeting of the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Elizabeth Coughlan for 10th and Fremont Sts. Said
application being approved by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
gaming licenses applied for at this time for the third quarter year be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the report of Municipal Judge Blad be accepted and filed. Fines in the sum of $253.00 being
collected for the month of June, 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the claim of Al Corradetti in the sum of $42.50 be allowed. This sum being the amount ex-
pended by Mr. Corradetti, Mr. Ronnow and Mr. Blackman in making a trip to Carson City on bus-
iness connected with the City being granted an emergency loan.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The awarding of the bids for the purchase of oil for the year was considered and on motion
of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the bid
for the purchase of oil be awarded to the Texas Company and to the General Petroleum Company as
these two companies submitted a price of 42c per gal on the same grade oil which was the lowest
and best bids received. These companies to share and share alike through the year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Accepting of the report of the Elks Rodeo Committee was considered and on motion of Com-
missioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the report of the
Elks Rodeo Committee be accepted also the check in the amount of $233.43 being 50% of the
profit of said rode.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of the C.D. Roeder Co. for the purchase of an Austin Western Street Sweeper be
accepted. Price bid $4,250.00 F.O. F. las Vegas, and that the City also purchase a leaf broom
from said company for the price of $85.00 and that said sweeper be painted in conformity with
other City Street equipment at an additional price of $25.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

An ordinance entitled. "An ordinance to amend section 3 of Ordinance No. 210 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection of a license
tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and running
of the same, within the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the pro-
visions of this ordinance, and repealing ordinance No. 100 and all ordinances in conflict
herewith," was read for a first time and adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Ronnow,
and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Commissioners Gilbert
and Corradetti.

This Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 253. The Clerk was ordered to have same pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas once each week for two consecutive weeks.

City Attorney Austin at this time consulted the Board in regard to the action it wished to
take on the Peter Pansey case.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney file an answer in the District Court to the suit filed by Mr. Pansey.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting No. Absent
Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Tuesday he 16th day of July, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Tuesday the 16th day of July, 1940 at 7:30 P.M.