WHEREAS this Board has been advised that there was no law providing for such election
applicable to the City of Las Vegas at the time of the commencement of said action,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that F. A. Stevens, as City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas, be, and he hereby is authorized to appear for the said respondents and each of
them, or such of them as shall, at the proper time, desire to appeal from the judgment in
said action from the District Court of Clark County, to the Supreme Court of the State of
Nevada,

PROVIDED, HOWEVER, and it is understood, that the said F. A. Stevens, as such City
Attorney, shall not be entitled to an fee, costs, charges or expenses as against the City
of Las Vegas for any services or expenditures made by him under and by virtue of this
authorization.

The vote on following resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B.
Mundy, W. C. German, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

No further business appearing at this time, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, a recess was declared until Friday evening, May 10th, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 10th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 10th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: Mayor Pro tem W. B. Mundy, Commissioners W. C. German, Roy Neagle; also
City Attorney, Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioner O. J. Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse.

Meeting called to order by Mayor Pro tem.

The Clerk was directed and authorized to purchase one typewriter desk, one chair and
one 8-drawer filing cabinet, in the City of Las Vegas, for a sum not exceeding Eighty-Five
($85.00) Dollars, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried.

A certain petition as follows:-

P E T I T I O N.

"To the Honorable, The Board of Commissioners,

Of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

The undersigned, being all the owners of land in the portion of the hereinafter
mentioned plat proposed to be vacated, do hereby petition said Board to vacate the following
unoccupied portions of that certain platted tract of land known as Wardie Addition to the
City of Las Vegas, the Official Plat of which is of record in Book 1 of Plats, page 13,

Clark County, Nevada records, such unoccupied portion thereof being more particularly des-
cribed as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Northwest (NW) corner of Block Thirteen (13) in said
Addition, and running thence three hundred (300) feet Southeasterly
along the Northerly boundary line of said Block Thirteen (13) to the
Northeast corner of said Block Thirteen (13); thence Northerly eighty
(80) feet to the Southeast corner of Block Fourteen (14) in said addition;
thence eighty (80) feet in an Easterly direction across Ninth Street to
the Southwest corner of Block Twenty-one (21) in said Addition; thence
Northerly one hundred fifty (150) feet along the Westerly boundary of said
Block Twenty-one (21) to the Southwest corner of Lot Ten (10) in said
Block Twenty-one (21); thence Easterly one hundred forty (140) feet along
the Southerly boundary of said Lot Ten (10) to the Southeast corner of said
Lot Ten (10); thence Easterly across the alley running Northerly and
Southerly through said Block Twenty-one (21) a distance of twenty (20) feet
to the Southwest corner of Lot Twenty-three (23) in said Block Twenty-one
(21); thence Southeasterly one hundred forty (140) feet to the Southeast