OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1937

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada held on the 4th day of February, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Clerk, City Attorney, absent.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

Claude Mackey appeared before the Board at this time and ask the city for more projects to
to given to the F.E.R.A. of which he is the Clark County Agent. Mr. Mackey was assured that the
City would work with him in every way in providing employment for the people of Clark County.

Mr. Fyhen, State Vice President of the Federation of Labor appeared before the Board in re-
gard to the City repealing the present ordinance governing picketing in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the City Attorney be instructed to prepare and present to the Board for its consideration a form
of ordinance repealing the ordinance governing picketing, said ordinance being Ordinance No. 181.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time it was decided that the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M. on Thursday the 11th
day of February be set as the time for hearing the insurance agents of Las Vegas in regard to a
blanket insurance policy covering all buildings owned by the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the City Attorney prepare and present to the Board for its consideration an ordinance governing
the erections of signs in the City of Las Vegas, as same had been prepared by A.L. Drew, City
Electrician. That the City Attorney also prepare a form of applications for the erection of
signs in conformity with said ordinance.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a Club Liquor license be granted to the Elks' Club, 111 Fremont St.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application of Bert Smith for the sale of sealed package liquor be tabled.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Leslie Edwards, Scout Director, ask-
ing that the Boy Scout Cabin occupied by one Mr. Lindscott be vacated as the room was need by
the Boy Scouts.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
Mr. Lindscott vacate the Boy Scout Cabin now occupied and used by him as his residence, and that
the Police Dept. lend every effort to help said Mr. Lindscott to move to other quarters.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 8th day of February, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 8th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of February, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry
City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Down.

The minutes of all regular, recessed regular and special meetings held from December 15th
1936 to January 20th, 1937 inclusive read and approved as read.