At this time it was reported to the Commission that inspections had been made of the
Westside Grocery, 322 Madison Street, and numerous discrepancies had been found in both
the operation of the business and in the building itself.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Clerk be instructed to notify the owner, Elijah Pullens to
be present at the next meeting of the Commission on June 20, 1956 to show cause why his
licenses should not be either suspended or revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Parking and Traffic Commission that the City discontinue the
parking lot business was considered at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be instructed to negotiate a contract pursuant
to this recommendation and report back to the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the purchase of five thousand frames for the
License Division at an approximate cost of $1750.00. Mr. Kennedy explained this equipment
was necessary to install the proposed new licensing system.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the City Manager be approved and this purchase
authorized.

Motions seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy further requested permission to purchase a Wheeldex filing system to
be used in the License Division in connection with the new licensing procedure. Mr. Kennedy
indicated this equipment would cost approximately $1114.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be approved and the purchase of the Wheeldex filing
system authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on the request of the Public Works Department to enter into an agreement
with the Air-Kern Company to deodorize the Sewage Disposal Plant. The City Manager, City
Attorney and City Engineer stressed the necessity of this process not only for public
convenience during the summer months, but to forestall the possibility of future law suits.
It was estimated that the installation of the initial equipment would cost $1500.00 plus
$275.00 to $300.00 per month during the summer months for the chemical to operate the
equipment.

The matter was referred back to the City Manager and Director of Public Works for study
and recommendation to the Commission.

At this time the City Manager presented the request of the Police Department to install
parking meters in the 1000 block and 1100 block on South Main Street and the 100 block on
Boulder Avenue.

At this time Commissioner Fountain left the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution authorizing the installation of park-
ing meters on South Main Street North of Charleston Boulevard in the 1000 and 1100 blocks
be adopted: and the 100 block on Boulder Avenue.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Ordinance 710 permits the installation of parking meters on the streets and
parts of streets hereinafter named after approval of such installation by the Traffic and
Parking Commission of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the Traffic and Parking Commission approved such placement at a regular
meeting thereof held on the l5th day of March, 1956, and

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that parking meters be installed upon the following streets and parts of streets; to-
wit:

On South Main Street north of
Charleston Boulevard in the 1000
and 1100 blocks, and on both sides
thereof.

On Boulder Avenue in the 100 block,
and on both sides thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the various departments of the City be and they hereby
are instructed to make the necessary installations.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of June, 1956.

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

WESTSIDE GROCERY
Business & Liquor
Licenses

CITY PARKING LOTS

LICENSE DEPARTMENT
Equipment Purchase

SEWAGE DISPOSAL
PLANT

PARKING METER
INSTALLATION

