STORAGE YARD	Mr. Kennedy presented the request from Franklin Brothers to use the open area between 11th,

Franklin Brothers	12th and Carson Streets in back of their store for the temporary purpose of piling lumber,

prefabricating and cutting of lumber for the construction of their new motel at 5th and
Ogden.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted, subject to compliance with the Fire
Department rules and regulations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

GOLF COURSE IMPROVEMENT The City Manager presented the request of the Golf Association to plant grass and connect a sprinkler

system on the driving range at the Golf Course, which will cost approximately $1500.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to allow the Golf Association to
plant grass and connect the sprinkler system on the driving range at the Golf Course.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

PROPOSED HOUSING CODE At this time Mrs. Peggy Petrie appeared before the Commission to protest the appointment of
ORDINANCE	a citizens board in connection with the condemnation of buildings, as prescribed by the

proposed new Housing Code Ordinance. Mrs. Petrie stated that she was objecting on the basis
that this would take too much time.

COMMENDATION	Commissioner Sharp stated that he would like to commend the members of the Planning and

Building Departments and particularly Art Trelease, Harold Larsen and Dave Kennedy for the
way in which they conducted the meeting on the Uniform Housing and Building Codes.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 9:05 P.M. Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting be recessed until 8:00 P.M., September 10, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 10, 1958

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 10th day of September, 1958, was called to order at the hour of 8:00 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

Director of Public	Works	Richard P. Sauer

Assistant City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

VACATION OF STREET	Mayor Baker announced that this was the time set for public hearing on the petition of St.

South 13th	Anne's Catholic Church for vacation of a portion of South 13th Street as recommended by the

Planning Commission.

Public Hearing

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that approval, has been received from the
Southern Nevada Power Company, and an offsite improvement agreement has been signed by the
petitioner.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed vacation. None were voiced or
filed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission for the
vacation of the portion of South 13th Street be accepted, and the following order of vacation
adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 14th day of May, 1958, signed by four (4) freeholders residing
in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the
vacation of a portion of South Thirteenth Street from Oakey Boulevard Southerly for approximately
one hundred (100) feet, hereinafter described, and said petition having been by order of this
Board referred to the City Planning Commission for its recommendation in the premises, and said
Planning Commission having filed: its report, dated July 23, 1958, with this Board, approving and
recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 6th day of
August, 1958, set the 10th day of September, 1958, at the hour of 8:00 P.M., in the Council
Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

9-3-58	9-10-58