SERVICE & MATERIAL WARRANT Commissioner Peccole moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 2179 to
Assessment District                         Wells Cargo Inc. in the total amount of $15,204.96 being a partial pay-
No. 100-2	ment on Assessment District No. 100-2, be approved and the Mayor and

City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the
meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

      City Clerk		Mayor Pro Tem	

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 19, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 19th day of September, 1951 was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Also present:

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	C. C. Boyer

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

PUBLIC HEARING -	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the

Assessment District	Board of Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of

No. 100-6	Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the assessments and hear any ob-

Assessment Roll	jection to said assessment which may be made on the proposed improvements

No. 19-1951	in Assessment District No. 100-6, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 19-1951.

	The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment

toll had been filed in the office of the City Clerk, The City Clerk an-
swered there had been no objections filed in her office prior to said
meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to, make any objection,
suggestion or comment, or raise any question concerning said special assess-
ment roll. No such objection, suggestion, comment or question was made
or raised.

The Mayor thereupon publicly announced that no objection, suggestion,
comment or question had been made or raised, written or otherwise by any
party in interest, or otherwise, to the said special assessment roll.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the hearing on this Assessment Roll No.
19-1951 be adjourned until after the construction contract has been let,
on October 17, 1951 at the hour of 7:30 P.M., at which adjourned meeting
the Assessment Roll will be corrected or revised before confirmation to
correct typographical or clerical errors and to modify all the assessments
if the construction price should prove to be substantially different from
the estimated price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting “Nay”:	None

PUBLIC HEARING-	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the request

Taxicab Fares	of the Las Vegas Taxicab Association for increase of fare rates in the

city of Las Vegas on metered and non-metered cabs, His Honor stated that
a requested had been made by Mr. Lee Spiers, president of this association
that this public hearing be held on October 3, 1951