Upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow, seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, the above and fore-
going resolution was introduced.

It was then moved by Commissioner Gilbert, and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, that action
upon said resolution be deferred until a regular meeting of this Board to be held on Thursday, the
4th, day of April, A. D. 1940, at the hour of 7:30 EM o'clock, and that the City Clerk be directed
to have notice of said contemplated action of this Board published for at least two publications,
one week apart, in the Las Vegas Evening-Review Journal, a newspaper of general circulation, printed
and published in said City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

The last above named motion, upon being put to a vote, was carried by the following vote:

Voting Aye, Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor The Mayor

Voting No, None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, It was moved by Commissioner
Gilbert, and Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, that this meeting recess until Saturday the 16th,
day of March 1940 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. - Vote being, Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert,
Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor They Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None.

Thereupon the meeting recessed until Saturday the 16th, day of March 1940 at the hour of
7:30 PM.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
MARCH 16th, 1940

Minutes of a regular recessed meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of las Vegas,
held on the 16th, day of March at the hour of seven thirty o'clock PM.

Present: Mayor, John L. Russell, Commissioners, Joe S. Ronnow, C. V. T. Gilbert, Herb Krause
and A. Corradetti; City Attorney Harry H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk, Le Roy Whipple.

Absent: City Clerk Mrs. Viola Burns.



On motion of Commissioner Corradetti, & seconded by commissioner Gilbert. Payroll Demands and Warrants numbered from 318 to 322
inclusive be allowed for payment, and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign and
execute the same. Vote being, Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor
The Mayor Voting Aye., Noes; None.



No further business appearing before the Board at this time, It was moved by Commissioner
Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, that this meeting recess until Tuesday the 19th,
day of March 1940 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. Vote, Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause
and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

Thereupon the meeting recessed until Tuesday the 19th, day of March 1940 at the hour of
7:30 PM.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 19th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of March, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney, City
Clerk and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Minutes of meetings of March 4th, 8th and 16th read and approved as read.

Hr. Roscoe Thomas appealed before the Board in regard to amending the City Zoning Ordinance
so that he might construct a bungalow court on south 8th Street in the 100 Block. The site in
mind being just out of the commercial district as same is provided in Ordinance No. 229 of the
City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of property owners in that
district petitioning the Board not to allow the construction of this enterprise and not to pass
an ordinance which would allow same to be erected in that site by extending the Commercial Dis-
trict.

Both sides of the matter were considered by the Board and a number of persons spoke in favor
of the enactment of such an ordinance, some of the parsons speaking were Mr. Thomas, Attorney
Hinnan, Hurry Wollman and A.L. Worswick. Persons speaking against the passage of such an or-
dinance included Mrs. Sam Craner, Hr. Chretain, and Hr. Fitzgerald.

After much discussion on the matter the the following entitled ordinance was read for
the first bine," An Ordinance to amend Section 2 as amended of Ordinance No. 168 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled " An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a
residence district, industrial and commercial districts within said City of Las Vegas; defining
such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish maintain, or operate certain factories
works, or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial districts: regulating
the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain works or 

establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said ordinance and repealing