Aye, and His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes, None.

Upon motion duly made by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie it was

ordered that the salary of the City Treasurer be fixed at the sum of $25.00 per month. Voting,

Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland,



Aye, and His Honor the Mayor H. T. Jones Aye. Noes, None.



At this time His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones announced the following appointments, to-wit: Frank Brickie
was appointed Finance Commissioner: Thomas R. Hodgens was appointed Fire and Police Commissioner:

Lou Martin was appointed Street Commissioner, and Charles Ireland was appointed Sewer and Light
Commissioner.

The question of electing a Mayor pro tem coming on before the Board at this time it was the
motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that Charles Ireland be appointed
Mayor protem. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye;

and His Honor the Mayer, H.T. Jones, Aye. Commissioner Ireland, No.

It was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Ireland that Alfred T. Mc-
Carter be appointed to the position of City Marshall. Voting, Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner
Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones,

Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Martin that
Arthur Busch be appointed city policeman. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye;
Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones. Noes, None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, it was ordered
that the salary of the City Marshall he fixed at the sum of $150.00 per month. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Aye, Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor
the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that the City Marshall be appointed Fire Chief ex-officio, and that
he have charge of the fire truck, and stay at the fire house; and it was farther ordered that the
compensation for his services as Fire Chief be fixed at the sum of $20.00 per month. Voting,

Commissioner Brickie Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye Commissioner Ireland,

Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye: Noes, none.

It was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, Seconded by Commissioner Martin, and duly
carried that the salary of the city policeman be fixed at the sum of $150.00 per month. Voting, Com.
Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor
the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Mayor, H.T. Jones, presented the City Marshall and City policeman
with their official badges.

The question of the appointment of a municipal judge coming before the Board at
this time, upon motion made by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that Henry M. Lillis be appointed municipal judge, and that he be required
to file a bond in the sum of One thousand Dollars ($1,000.00), and to take the prescribed oath of
office. The vote upon this resolution was as follows: Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens
Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon Henry M. Lillis, the newly elected municipal judge presented his bond
in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00) with W.E. Hawkins, and Ed. Von Tobel as sureties,

and took the prescribed oath of office.

Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner

Brickie, and duly carried, that the salary of the municipal judge be fixed at the
sum of $25.00 per month. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner
Martin Aye, Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

It was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly 

carried that Dr. C.E. Bulette be appointed to the position of health officer of the City of Las