OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 12, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of July, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners Mundy and German, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk; Commissioners Neagle and Smith being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A draft of an Ordinance entitled: " An ordinance to regulate the construction, equipment and
appliances of buildings and premises used for theatrical and motion, picture exhibitions, and to
regulate the operation of such equipment and appliances, and to repeal all ordinances and parts
of ordinances in conflict herewith," was read for the first time and upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried, it was laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned 

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. August 2, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 2nd day of August, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German together with the City
Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and LeRoy Neagle.

	Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Minutes of previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

Owing to the absence of Commissioner Smith, Street Commissioner, His Honor, the Mayor, appoint-

ed Commissioner. Mundy to audit

the Street department bills, and the Mayor also appointed Commissioner German to audit the

Police and Fire Department bills, owing to the absence of Commissioner Neagle.

Thereupon a proposed ordinance entitled " An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Twelve Thousand Dollars ($12,000.00), to pro-
vide funds for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of
Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction
of Oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs upon interior squares or spaces
formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said
City or public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those certain imp-
rovements authorized and determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City
of Las Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known
as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds, Series A," and providing for
the payment of the principal and interest of said bonds and other matters relating thereto," was
read for the first time. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried it was laid over for a
second reading.