SOUTHERN NEVADA
DISPOSAL COMPANY

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Mrs. Fenninger

VARIANCE
W. S. Robinson

USE PERMIT -
Harry Freedman
Educational Aquarium
U-16-54
Denied

USE PERMIT -
M. S. McCoy
Service Station
U-28-54 Denied

Mr. Kaltenborn spoke briefly stating his complete confidence in the decision of the
Commission.

Mr. Joe Gilman of 2021 Santa Clara stated that he had not been aware of this proposed
rezoning until 5 or 10 minutes before the meeting at which Mr. Kaltenborn received the
Use Permit.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this Public Hearing be continued as a decision cannot be
made until the names of the petitioners have been checked to see if they are actual
property owners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,

At this time the protestants of said Use Permit stood up to be counted, there were 18
protestants present.

The report on the Southern Nevada Disposal Company was not ready at this time so this
matter was continued until the next meeting.

At this time the Board considered the claim for damages by Mrs. Fenninger in the amount
of $1,000.00 for damages received from a fall on sidewalk between Hoover and Gass on
2nd Street.

Discussion followed among the Board members.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be denied.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Tom Foley representing Mr. W. S. Robinson in his application to maintain a carport
located inside the line in violation of the front yard requirement of the zoning ordinance
at 525 Park Paseo appeared before the Board at this time.

Mr. Foley stated that Mr. Robinson had hired a licensed contractor who had obtained a
building permit, and that while this carport may be in violation of City Ordinances,
it is not unsightly and does not obstruct vision. Mr. Foley presented a petition
signed by 12 people in the immediate vicinity who did not object to this carport. It
was stated that the petition was not signed by everyone in the 300 foot area as quite
a few people were out at the time the petition was circulated.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this matter be held in abeyance until later in the
meeting so the Building Department can present the building permit issued to the
contractor to see if the specifications in said permit were carried out.

At this time the Board considered the request of Mr. Harry Freedman to construct an
educational aquarium on the front portion of lot at 322 Fremont. This application
was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the action of the Board of Adjustment be approved,
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 6th day of October, 1954, having considered the application
of Mr. Harry Freedman to construct an educational aquarium on the front portion of lot
at 322 Fremont for a Use Permit; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mr. Harry
Freedman for a Use Permit to construct an educational aquarium on the front portion
of lot at 322 Fremont be and the same is hereby denied.

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

Mr. Jones appeared before the Board at this time representing M. S. McCoy in his
request for a Use Permit to operate a service station at the intersection of
Charleston Boulevard and Rancho Road.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the action of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 6th day of October, 1954, having considered the
application of M. S. McCoy for a Use Permit to operate a service station at the
intersection of Charleston Boulevard and Rancho Road; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of M. S.

McCoy for a Use Permit to operate a service station at the intersection of
Charleston Boulevard and Rancho Road be and the same is hereby denied.

Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

Mr. Jones stated that this denial would be appealed through the usual channels.

10-6-54