RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.320 , on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Street Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.271, on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to known as and used as the Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.020, on ech one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,

and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Library Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.264, on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.120 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except property as is

exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Bond Redemption Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.010 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds from the mines, except such property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Cemetery Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.040 one each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds from the mines, except such property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

The vote on the said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes none.

The Plat of Highland Park subdivision was presented to the Board for its approval. Same
being approved by the City Planning Commission.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
Board of Commissioners approve said plat of Highland Park as presented to the Board by A.R.
Thompson, Engineer. Same to bear the signature of the Mayor as approval and attest by the
City Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith and German and His Honor
the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Noe further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 2nd day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

March 2nd, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held in the office of
the Mayor on Monday the 2nd day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Thomas and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

Terry Deskins, drilling the new well on the park site appeared before the Board at this
time, and agreed to drill the one hundred feet of the well from 500 feet to 600 feet for $280.00
equal to the rate of $40.00 per day, and to drill the remainder of the well or until told to
cease operations at the rate of $4.00 per foot.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.