ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25
5TH Street Lighting

VACATION OF CANOSA
AVENUE

Marycrest Estates
k Public Hearing
Re-set



BERKLEY SQUARE
SUBDIVISION
Final Map
Approved

PURCHASE OF LAND
FROM UPRR
City Barns and
Garage Location

MILITARY LEAVE
City Manager

I.B.M. LEASE
AGREEMENT
Police Dept.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett. Absent: Commis-

sioner Sharp.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he voted against this permit because he was not aware of
what the motion was about.

At this time Mr. Dave Waddy of the Silas Mason Engineering Co., engineer for the City for
installation of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-25 was present and discussed
 said District with the Commission.

The following recommendations were made by Mr. Waddy and agreed upon by the Board:

1)	Zone #1 of this District which is from Oakey Blvd. north to Cashman Field,
the lighting standards will be approximately 150 feet spacing on the same
side of the street or 75 feet apart on alternate sides of the street.

2)	Zone #2 of this District 1 which is from Cashman Field to the North City
Limits, will be left as it presently shows on the plans and specifications.

3)	The Fire and Burglary Alarm system will be deleted from the plans and the
cost to the property owners of approximately $19,000.00 for this improve-
ment will be likewise deleted. This system will be put in at the time of
the installation of improvements, but the cost will be paid out of the
City's General Fund.

Thereafter George Wade, City Engineer discussed with the Commission the contract the
City has with the Silas Mason Engineering Company for engineering services on Assessment
District No. 100-25. Mr. Wade recommended that due to the redesign of the project that
Silas Mason Company be paid at cost plus 100% for such redesign.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer be
accepted and that Silas Mason Company be paid cost plust 100% for the redesign of the
plans.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Sharp.

The Board was advised that the petition for the vacation of a portion of Canosa Avenue
from its intersection with the east line of Maryland Parkway to its present location in
the Marycrest Estates Subdivision, was now on file.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the vacation of this portion
of Canosa Avenue be reset for July 7, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The final map of Berkley Square Subdivision was presented to the Board at this time for
their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this final map be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign said map and the agreement with the Subdivider for the installation of
improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Warrant No. 52202 in the amount of $6,655.63 to the Union
Pacific Railroad Company for the purchase of that portion of property facing West Bonanza
Road, more particularly described as follows:

Commencing at a point marked by a brass tack set in a concrete monument
at the northeast comer of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 28; thence
along the east line of said Section S. 0°11'47" W. 30.02 feet to a
point in a brass cap in a monument set in the south line of Bonanza
Road, 80 feet in width, said point being the true point of beginning;
thence along said south line S. 89°l6'56" W. 199.36 feet; thence S. 0°

43'04" E. 270.00 feet; thence N. 89°16'56" E. 195.05 feet to a point
in the east line of said Section 28, distant therefrom S. 0°11'47" W.

270.03 feet from the true point of beginning; thence along said east line
N. 0°11'47" E. 270.03 feet to the true point of beginning.

to be used for the City Bams and Garage location, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of the City Manager, George Rounthwaite for military
leave for the period from June 7 through June 18, 1954 for Naval Military training be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Chief Kennedy presented a proposal for the leasing of International Business
Machine equipment for the Police Department.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this lease-agreement with International Business
Machine Company be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

5-26-54