GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

Fortune Club

CIGARETTE APPLICA-
TIONS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

MINUTES

APPOINTMENT
Board of Directors
Nevada Municipal
Association

U-DRIVE LICENSE

Glenn O. Anderson

LESLIE JENSEN
Promissory Note

RELEASE OF CLAIM
Stop Sign Damage

9-7-55

Commissioner Fountain moved that the gaming application of James E. Reid
and Blaine G. Beckwith for one additional chute on a slot machine for the
Strip Liquor Store, 2417 South 5th Street, for the third quarter of 1955
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the gaming application of Robert
Van Santen for 3 additional slot machines at the Fortune Club, 109 Fremont
Street, for the third quarter of 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the gaming application of Robert Van Santen for
3 additional slot machines at the Fortune Club, 109 Fremont, for the third
quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the following applications for the retail
sale of cigarettes:

FONG'S GARDEN	2021 E. Charleston	Wing Fong

NEVADA LIQUORS	2109 Fremont	John L. Funk

WING'S CAFE	1st & Ogden	Sutton Vending

Commissioner Whipple moved that these cigarette applications be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the payroll warrants Nos. 5603 to 6082 in the net
amount of $66,077.20 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of August 17, 1955, be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the appointment of a director of the Board of
Directors of the Nevada Municipal Association.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Commissioner Sharp be appointed a director of the
Board of Directors of the Nevada Municipal Association.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Sharp.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Glenn 0. Anderson for
a license for one additional U-Drive for the Rent-A-Car Co., 3209 South 5th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Glenn 0. Anderson for a license
for one U-Drive for the Rent-A-Car Co., 3209 South 5th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker	and carried	by the following	vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,	Whipple and	His Honor voting	aye; noes,	none.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon requested authority to file suit against Leslie
L. Jensen. Mr. Jensen signed a promissory note on October 22, 1954, in the amount
of $808.35 plus 6% interest to pay $75.00 each month on a damaged motorcycle. The
only payment he has made was $50.00 on February 18, 1955. Mr. Cannon reported that
Mr. Jensen has subsequently moved to California.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Attorney be granted authority to secure
the services of a California attorney and bring suit against Mr. Leslie Jensen
for non-payment of his promissory note to the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Howard Cannon requested release of the claim on damage done to a stop sign
at 15th and San Francisco by Robert Grayson and authorization of signature on
insurance claim. He stated that the insurance carrier for this will pay if the
release is signed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the
release of claim requested by Beneficial Agencies in connection with the damage
caused to the stop sign at 15th and San Francisco by Mr. Robert Grayson on July 19,
1955 in the amount of $9.73.