Thereupon, a recess was declared until Tuesday the 5th day of February, 1929, at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 5th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of	the	Board	of City Commissioners of	the City of	Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th	day	of February, 1929,	at the hour	of seven-thirty

o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A plat of Vegas Heighths Tract, Unit No. 4, was presented to the Board for approval,
tract being owned by H. P. Kervin and Susie I. Kervin, being situated in the NE 1/4 of Section
21, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M. It was ordered, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried that said plat be approved as to form, and that upon its approval by
the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas the Mayor should approve the same in behalf
of the City and the City Clerk attest	the	same.

A plat of Las Vegas Acres, Tract No. 1 was presented to the Board for approval, said

tract being owned by S. R. Whitehead and Gertrude E. Whitehead, and being situated in the
NW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 20, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M. Upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, said plat was approved as to form and the Mayor
was authorized and directed to approve the same, and the City Clerk to attest said plat,
upon its approval by the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas.

The plat of Boulder Dam Home Site Addition, Tract No. 3 was presented to the Board
for approval, said tract being owned by the First State Bank, a corporation of Las Vegas,

Nevada, and being situated in the NE 1/4 of Section 34, Township 20, South, Range 61 East,

M. D. B. & M. It appearing to the Board that said plat had been approved by the City
Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas, it was ordered, upon motion duly carried, that the
Mayor be authorized and directed to approve said plat and the City Clerk to attest the same.

Upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
resolution was duly adopted:-

WHEREAS the rapid growth of the City of Las Vegas has greatly increased the duties of
the officers of said City; and

WHEREAS the offices of County Clerk of Clark County and City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas are now combined by law, and

WHEREAS it is deemed by the Board of City Commissioners of said City that it will be for
the best interests of said City to separate such combined offices; it is therefore

RESOLVED that it be the sense hereof that the legislators representing the County of
Clark at the 1929 session of legislature of the State of Nevada be requested to introduce

and work for the passage of the necessary legislation to bring about the separation of such

County and City offices, and be it

FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk forthwith prepare certified copies of this
resolution and transmit the same to the State legislators representing the County of
Clark at said session of legislature for the year 1929.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Leo A. McNamee, Esq., appeared on behalf of the Boulder Dam Syndicate, Inc., a
corporation, and presented to the Board a written application for permission to use certain
streets and alleys in the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of supplying Boulder Addition
to the City of Las Vegas with water. After due consideration, and upon motion duly made,
seconded and unanimously carried, it was ordered that a permit be granted to said Boulder

Dam Syndicate, Inc., and the Mayor was authorized and directed to approve said permit and the Clerk

to attest the sane, said permit to be in the following form, to-wit:

PERMIT TO BOULDER DAM SYNDICATE. INC.

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to Boulder Dam Syndicate, Inc., a corporation,
to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains and connections and laterals
thereto, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith, or appurtenant
thereto, in, through, over, across, under or along the following described streets and
alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the
inhabitants of Boulder Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water, viz:

Commencing at the northeast corner of Main Street and Charleston Boulevard; thence

diagonally in a southwesterly direction across Charleston Boulevard to the center