GAMING LICENSE     Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the El Cortez Hotel at
EL CORTEZ HOTEL  	600 Fremont Street for a gaming license be allowed. Motion seconded by 
Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

REPORTS:	At this time the report of the Plumbing Inspector for the month of July, 1943

PLUMBING AND	and also the report of the Building Inspector for the month of July, 1943 was

BUILDING  	presented. Mayor Cragin ordered that the reports, having heretofore been inspected

INSPECTORS	by members of the Board, be filed.

ELECTRICAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Robert Vechil be hired as a lineman at a salary of

DEPARTMENT  	$235.00 a month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the

ROBERT VECHIL       following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

HIRED	voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, 

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until August the 16th, 1943 at 

the hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
August, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with
the following members present:	Mayor E. W. Cragin; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

and Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved
by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS

2886 to 3049	 	Commissioner Smith	moved	that	vouchers 2886 to 3049, inclusive, be approved and

INCLUSIVE	the Mayor and City	Clerk	authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.

C.I.O.	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the C.I.O. be granted the privilege of using the

USE OF PARK  	race track on the evening of the 29th of August with the understanding that they

stand all expenses of policing, preparation of the grounds and cleaning up
thereafter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Smith	moved	that	the claim of Lou Warner for $114.00 being a refund

LOU WARNER	 	on gaming licenses	which	have	been denied, be approved. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VETERANS OF	A letter was read from Ralph G. Hanson, Commander of the Department of Nevada,

FOREIGN WARS  	Veterans of Foreign Wars, requesting permission to sponsor a carnival at the

CARNIVAL	Las Vegas city parking lot from September 4th to September 12th, inclusive. At

an Informal meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this morning it was
mutually agreed that the Veterans of Foreign Wars have the permission of the
Board to sponsor a carnival, license free, in the City of Las Vegas, but that
the Veterans of Foreign Wars would have to obtain another site than the city
park and that this location in the future would not be available for such purposes
for the reason that the city would be liable for property and personal damages.

Commissioner Corradetti arrived at this time.

WM. GRAVES  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that inasmuch as Wm. Graves has been suspended

SALARY	from the Police force for an indefinite period he cannot be carried on the payroll.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

KRIEGER STATION    Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application for a slot machine license
SLOT MACHINE       at the Krieger Station at 900 Fremont Street be granted. Motion seconded by
APPLICATION	Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BETTY'S CAFE	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Thomas W. Frazier for a

GAMING	    slot machine license at Betty’s Cafe at 1039 S. Main St. be granted. Motion

APPLICATION	seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.