AUCTION PERMIT



BID NO. 54.21
Awarded

Stewart Avenue Park
Sprinkling System



BID NO. 54.22
Awarded

Madison Street School
Sprinkling System

OFF-STREET PARKING
Pilar Santa Cruz

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Dr. Alexander Coblentz for a permit to conduct
an auction at 222 Fremont from August 9 -August 29, 1954 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple all voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett and Mayor Baker.

Acting City Engineer V. B. Uehling presented the tabulation on Bid No. 54.21 for the
installation of a sprinkling system for Stewart Avenue Park (Sunrise Acres), received and
opened by the Board on July 21, 1954.

At the hour of 9:40 the meeting recessed.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 10:15 P.M. with all members present as of the opening
session.

Further discussion was held on the bids received for the installation of sprinkling systems in
Stewart Avenue Park and Madison Street School (Bid No. 54.22) as the desirability of transit
or plastic pipe.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 54.21 for the installation of a
sprinkling system in Stewart Avenue Park be awarded to Longley Construction Company in the
total amount of $13,535.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 54.22 for the installation of a sprinkling system
in Madison Street School be awarded to Ritz Sales and Service in the total amount of
$6,582.09 and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission authorized the City Manager to offer Mrs. Santa Cruz a maximum of
$17,000 for the purchase of her property for a parking lot at 1st and Stewart.

There being no further business to come before this Board at this time, Commissioner
Sharp moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIA
Warrants

MINUTES

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 18, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this
18th day of August, was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro
Tem with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

City Engineer	George Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 8310 to 8782 in the net amount of
$55,677.80 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

L Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 52904 to 53049 inclusive
in the total amount of $130,434.16 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the Minutes of August 4, 1954, be approved by reference and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

8-18-54