MATERIAL AND SERVICE    Commissioner Bates moved that material and service warrants Nos. 97 to 99

inclusive in the sum of $5,754.88 he approved. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent:	Commissioners

Clark and Smith.

RECREATION BOARD      Commissioner Corradetti moved that Henry Hoffman be appointed to fill the
APPOINTMENT	vacancy created by the resignation of Arnold Hanson on the Recreation Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent:
Commissioners Clark and Smith.

STREET DEPARTMENT      Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Bert Smith of $300.00 for the 
CATERPILLAR SOLD        purchase of a No. 30 Caterpillar tractor F.O.B. the City Barn be accepted.

      Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by	the following

	vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti	and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Smith.

PROPOSED JAIL—	  Commissioner Bates moved that payment of $833.33, partial payment for 

CLAIM ROBERT STANTON     professional services rendered by Robert Stanton, on plans for the proposed

new City Jail be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent: Commissioners Clark and Smith.

At this time, City Attorney Louis Wiener, Jr. appeared.

GAMING APPLICATIONS  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the	application of the	 Boulder Club,

118 Fremont Street, for one Race Horse	Book and one Poker	 Game be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following votes:
Commissioner Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent:
Commissioners Smith and Clark.

PROPOSED SIDEWALK  	At this time	Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner	Corradetti on the committee

ORDINANCE	of investigation on the proposed sidewalk ordinance in place of Commissioner

Smith who is ill.

CITY ENGINEER	 	Commissioner	Bates moved that the resignation of	Harlan Brown, City

RESIGNATION	Engineer, be	accepted as of May 6, 1944. Motion	seconded by Commissioner

Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Smith

and Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that George Rittenhouse be appointed City Engineer
effective as of May 6, 1944. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
    and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Smith.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting adjourn until May 22, 1944 at
2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Smith.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day
of May, 1944. Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:00 P. M. by His Honor,
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

 	Clark, Corradetti and Smith, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., City Manager,

 	Charles C. McCall, and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the last regular meeting of
May 6th be amended to read "That the services of Harlan Brown be terminated
as of May 16th" instead of May 6th and that with said amendment, the minutes
be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS          Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 100 to 108, inclusive,

in the sum of $13,762.33 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.