WHEREAS, the said matter having been taken up with representatives of Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, which company owns the greater portion of the land abutting on North Fifth Street,
and said Company having agreed to furnish one car of oil (12,500 gallons) to be used for said
project upon condition that no special assessment be made for said improvements, and that it
will not	be called	upon for any additional money or material for such	project, and whereas the

City now	has funds	available to complete	said project without levying	any assessment on abutting

lands provided said Las Vegas Land and Water Company will furnish the said car of oil, and
whereas,	a form of	agreement between Las	Vegas Land and Water Company	as First Party, and the

City of Las Vegas as Second Party, dated	August 4, 1938, covering the	paving of North Fifth

Street, has been presented to the Board for consideration and action, and

Said Agreement having been read over and duly considered, NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:

That the City proceed forthwith to pave with oil bound gravel, a strip twenty (20) feet
in width on tangents and forty (40) feet in width on curves, along North Fifth Street, from
the end of the present pavement to the North City Limits, and that it enter into an agreement
with Las Vegas Land and Water Company, in the form presented to the Board, identified as
"N" L.D. No. 513, dated August 4th, 1938, wherein and whereby the City agrees that in consid-
eration of said Las Vegas Land and Water Company delivering to the City f.o.b. railroad tank
cars, at Railroad Yard, Las Vegas, Nevada, 12,500 gallons of fuel oil heated to such temper-
ature that it will flow freely, and as specified in said agreement, the City will furnish all
equipment, labor, gravel, and and other materials, including additional oil, as may be necessary
to complete and will complete the paving of North Fifth Street as aforesaid, and as specified
in said agreement it will not levy or cause to be levied any assessment, special or otherwise,
against the land abutting on said North Fifth Street for the purpose of raising funds to make
and complete said paving project, and that the Las V gas Land and Water Company will not be
called upon to make any payments or to furnish any additional material for said project. That
the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized and directed to execute said agreement on behalf of
the City of Las Vegas, and that the City Clerk attest the same and affix the Seal of the City
thereto.

Said resolution was duly considered, whereupon it was moved by Commissioner Krause, and
seconded by Commissioner Luce, That said resolution be forthwith adopted. A vote was then taken
and the following Commissioners voted in favor of the adoption thereof: Corradetti, Luce, Krause
and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble.

Those voting against the adoption thereof were none.

Attorney Frank McNamee appeared before the Board on behalf of Mr. Miller owner of Miller
Bakery asking that Mr. Miller be allowed to continue the operation of a bread or bakery route
he had established in connection with his bakery.	

Mayor Marble ask that Mr. Miller discontinue said route until the Board had time to study
the existing conditions including the protesting of said route by rival bakeries.

Mr. Miller filed with the Clerk a petition signed by a number of householders asking for
the continuance of said route.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Clerk forward to the Local Mgr. W.P.A. copies of reports of sponsor's expenditures
Nos 710 and 710A covering the amounts of $339,16 and & 776.69: $323.50 and $231.35 respectively.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City of Las Vegas purchase from Albright's Business Machines , one typewriter at the
price of $70.00 to be used at the Police Station.	

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time Ordinance No. 238 was read to the Board for a second time, Said Ordinance
being entitled: An Ordinance providing for the registration and operation of bicycles in the
City of Las Vegas and providing penalty for the violation thereof." and was adopted by the
following vote: Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor
H.P. Marble voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

The Board of Commissioners next entered into a discussion as to suitable road or high-
way to the newly constructed golf course and upon some discussion on the matter the follow-
ing Resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, is the owner of the north-
west quarter and the northwest quarter of the northeast quarter of Section 30, in Township
20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., except for a convenance by deed to the United States of
America so long as the land may be used as a fish hatchery by the Bureau of Fisheries of the
United States, which deed conveyed the northwest quarter of the northwest quarter and the west
half of the northeast quarter of the northwest quarter of said Section 30, except, however,
a right of way for highway 30 feet in width along the north and west boundaries of said
tract of land so conveyed to the Unted States of America, and

WHEREAS a municipal golf course is now being constructed in the north half of said
Section 30, adjacent to the north boundary line of said section and,

WHEREAS it is desired by the City of Las Vegas, the County of Clark, and all the owners
of land along the section line between Sections 19 and 30 and between Section 20 and 29 in said
township and Range and west of the point in the section line between said section 20 and said
section 29 where the same is now intersected by State highway, Route #5, sometimes known as the
Tonopah Highway, that a public highway shall be constructed and maintained from that point in the
section line between Section 20 and Section 29, said Township and Range, where the same is inter-
sected by State Highway, Route #5, west along the section line between said Section 20 and
said Section 29 and for a distance of 30 feet on each side of said section line and west along
the section line between Section 19 and Section 30 in said Township and Range, to the north-
west corner of said Section 30 and southwest corner of said Section 19 and for a distance of
30 feet on either side of said section line and,

WHEREAS the respective land owners along said proposed route are making a conveyance
to the County of Clark of a strip of land thirty feet wide on each side of the section line
above named and within the limits above described,.