OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEV.

February 4th, 1932.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 4th day of February, A.D. 1922. Present Mayor Pro Tem W.H.Dentner, with Commissioners
Thomas R. Hodgens, Lou Martin, and H.N. Anderson, to-gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the following communication was presented to the Board:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

February 4th, 1922.

Honorable Mayor Pro Tem and
City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Mr. W.C. German was appointed Mayor of this city by the
unanimous vote of this Board. In this action you appointed a man
of clean moral character, sound business judgment, and who real-
ized the fact that he was the responsible head of the city. With
this thought in mind he rearranged the members of the Board, and as a
result the then Chief of Police was removed at once. The very men
who had unanimously appointed Mr. German began making plans to rid
the city of a man who had the courage of his convictions. No
charge was ever made that he was incompetent or dishonest .I cer-
tainly approve of Mr. German's actions while on the Board, and also
the action of the Board in removing Mr .McCarter. In fact I refused
to take charge of the Police and Fire department with Mr. McCarter
at the head of the two departments. I believed then and do yet
that I was justified in the action taken.

Therefore I refuse to be a party to any such actions
that prevailed at the last meeting February first, and I herewith
tender my resignation as a member of this board, same to take
effect at once.

Yours truly,

Lou Martin.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried that the resignation of Commissioner
Martin be accepted. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Martin, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The question of the appointment of a Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of
Las Vegas, to fill the unexpired term of Lou Martin, resigned, coming on before the Board, nominations
were declared in order. Thereupon W.E. Arnold was nominated as commissioner of the second class
of the City of Las Vegas by Commissioner Hodgens.

Thereupon it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and
duly carried that the nominations be closed .Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the name of W.E. Arnold was presented for election to the office of Commissioner
of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas. Voting thereon Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

	Thereupon W.E. Arnold was declared appointed to the office of Commissioner of the Second

Class, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval by the Chairman of the Board
of Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand
($1000.00) Dollars, and upon the taking of the required oath of office.

Thereupon it was moved by Commissioners Hodgens, seconded by Commissioners Anderson and
duly carried that the Board stand adjourned until Tuesday the 7th day, of February, A.D. 1922,at the
hoar of eight o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.