218

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until March
22nd at the hour of 2PM. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 22, 1948

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd
day of March, 1948. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor
Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple City Manager J. M.

Murphy, and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	C. Norman

Cornwall, City Attorney.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of March 5th be approved

	by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll Claims #1408 and 1413 to 1415

	both inclusive, in the net sum of $23,714.54 be approved and the

	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

1421;

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants/#l4l6 to

WARRANTS	1419, both inclusive, in the sum of $23,923.79 be ap roved, and the

	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

STREETS & ALLEYS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager be directed to notify

AERIAL USE THEREOF	Mr. P. 0. Silvagni that under the provisions of the Charter of the

	City of Las Vegas, the Board of Commissioners do not have the authority

to grant anyone the use of the alley for building purposes but they
do have the power to grant the use of a passageway over the alley.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

PAWNSHOP LICENSE	Commissioner Baskin moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation

LOU J. WARNER	of the Chief of Police the application of Lou J. Warner for a pawn-

	shop license at 115 S. 1st Street, be granted. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE	On motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple

NO. 48. - Lot 16,	and carried unanimously the following recommendation of the Planning

Block 10 Ladd Addn.	Commission relative to Zone Exception Case #48 was approved:

	OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

March 10
19	48

Mr. 0. W. Rodgers
311 South 15th Street
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	ZONE EXCEPTION CASE NO. 48

Lot 16 - Block 10
Ladd Addition

Dear Mr. Rodgers:

This is to advise you that your application for exception relative
to the above-described property has been approved conditionally
for LIMITED MULTIPLE DWELLING USE, as set forth below: 

1.	USE

That the property described be used only for limited
multiple residential dwellings subject to the limita-
tions hereinafter specifically set forth.

2.	COVERAGE