On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, That the Mayor be and he hereby is authorized, empowered and directed
to forthwith execute for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas a contract with the Depart-
ment of Highways of the State of Nevada in the form following:

The City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, hereinafter referred to the City, and the De-
partment of Highways, hereinafter referred to as the Highway Department, hereby agree as
follows:

1.	That the Highway Department will submit a project for the improvement of 2.51 miles
of the Municipal highway within Las Vegas known as 5th and Main Street, and to be designed

as Nevada WPMS project No. 38, and will recommend its approval by the Secretary of Agriculture
for construction with funds apportioned to the State under the Emergency Relief Appropriation
Act of 1935, subject, however, to the condition that the City shall provide for its proper
maintenance after completion of its improvement.

2.	That the said City hereby requests the Highway Department to submit the afore-
mentioned project with recommendation that it be approved by the Secretary of Agriculture,
and agrees if such project is approved and constructed by the Highway Department and the
Secretary of Agriculture it thereafter, at its own cost and expense, will maintain the pro-
ject in a manner satisfactory to them, or their authorized representatives, and will make
ample provision each year for such maintenance.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto affixed their signatures, the City on
the 4th day of December, 1935, and the Highway Department on the____________________day of_______________1935.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that The City Clerk write the officials of the Western Air Express, The Transcontinental
Western Air Lines, the Department of Air Commerce and ask that each have a representative or
representatives present at a meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 20th day of
December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. at which time the erection of a muni-
cipal air port will be discussed.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow the sum of two hundred fifty thousand dollars
(250,000) with which to establish, create or acquire by purchase, or construction, a munici-
pally owned electrical power plant and distribution system, and incidental facilities and to
issue and sell the general obligation bonds of the city of Las Vegas to secure the same, and
other matters relating thereto," was read aloud in full approved and passed upon the follow-
ing vote:

Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett,
voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

An Ordinance, entitled, "An Ordinance defining Garbage and Rubbish and regulating the
collection and disposal of garbage, and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas, and matters re-
lating thereto and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof and re-
pealing certain ordinances and parts of ordinance in conflict herewith, and other matters
relating thereto," was read aloud in full for the first time, proposed, considered and
voted upon this 4th day of December, 1935.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Absent none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 216, of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
published once each week for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

The matter of the correction of the minutes of the Board of Commissioners meeting held
on the 4th day of November, 1935 at which time and ordinance of the City of Las V gas was
read for the time, Said ordinance was authorizing the sale of $250,000.00 worth of bonds for
the acquiring or construction of a municipally owned power plant and system for the City of
Las Vegas.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the following correction be made and
initaled by the Clerk at the time of making such correction, that the word "aloud" be in-
serted in line 23 page 407 Book 3, Minutes of the City of Las Vegas. Said word to follow
after the word "read" and before the word "in".

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.