OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1936

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Jas. H. Down, Mayor pro tem, Commissioners Farns-
worth, Marble and Ward, City Clerk and Deputy City Attorney.

Absent Mayor Arnett, and City Attorney Taylor.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time the Board considered the passage of an ordinance regulating the inspection
of tank gas connections in the City of Las Vegas as per draft of ordinance prepared by City
Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the W.S.L. Commissioner and the City Engineer study the draft of said ordinance
and report their findings to the Board at an early date.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the Vegas Sweet Shoppe be granted two slot machine licenses.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the Overland Drug Company be granted a retail beverage license.

Vote was commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.

Noes, none.	

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from the Golden West Oil and Refining
Company offering to the City a number of lots on the Westside of the City of Las Vegas abutting
on the U.P. R.R. right of way.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that the Commissioner of Street H.P. Marble and The City Attorney negotiate with the
Golden West Oil and Refining Company for the purchase of said lots if a clear title may be
secured and that the proper paper be prepared. Cost of said lots $3000.00. 

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye
Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board a number of petitions that had been circulated by the
Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce petitioning the Board of Commissioners to give financial
aid toward a news camera man for this locality.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the petitions be give to the Finance Commissioner Farnsworth for investigation and report
to the Board.

Vote was commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
the the Clerk be directed to write Dr. F.R. Mildren, City Health Officer and ask that he make
and inspection of the building being erected for the Peoples Packing Company and report to
the Board his findings so that the Board may know if the said company is meeting the require-
ments for a slaughter house.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a microscope for the use of	the City Milk Inspector.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and	Ward and His Honor the Mayor	Pro	Tem

voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time bids for the purchase of a truck	for the Street Dept. were opened and	after

some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner

Ward it was moved and carried that the Bids be analyzed by the Commissioner of Street and com-
pared with specifications and that the said Commissioner select the truck that in his best
judgement met the specifications and would be most suitable for that department.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, and Ward and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Commis-
sioner Marble passing his vote. Noes, none.

The final passage of an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit the waste of water;
defining waste of water; regulating the use thereof; end providing penalties for the violation
of this ordinance and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith"
was considered and it was there upon read to the Board for a second time and adopted by the
follow ng vote: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Jas. H. Down, Mayor pro Tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appear ng before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Marble
seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth moved and carried that the meet ng recess and adjourn until
Monday the 8th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

Thereupon the meeting recessed and adjourned.