Mr. Young spoke to the Commissioners stating that he had appeared before the Board on
this matter before on the subject of a child care center. At that time they had had
hopes that Variety or some other organization would build the building for them but
this has not been made possible. He stated that since the closing of the Las Vegas Day
Nursery School a great hardship has been imposed on the working parents in this City.

These parents have to have someone to take care of their children while'they work at a
cost they can afford to pay.

The Commercial Day Nursery Rates are $3.00 per day minimum per child, and at this 
prohibitive cost it would be necessary for these parents to quit work and go on relief
and they wish to avoid this. However, they do feel that if they are not confronted with
the expense of the land that good people will provide the funds to build instead of going
to the City, County or State to provide such a nursery home and the fees would be based
on a sliding scale of ability to pay Mr. Young suggested that perhaps the United Fund

would supplement the money needed to carry on such an establishment.

Commissioner Fountain asked if there was a need for 2½ acres and Mr. Young replied that
the more space they have the more room there would be for recreational facilities.
Commissioner Fountain asked what the appraised price is on this property in question, and
City Manager Kennedy advised that when the City sold a parcel of this land to the Eagles
Lodge it was $2,000.00 per acres and they paid $10,000.00 for the five acres.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he did not think the City would be in a position to
lease this property when they are going into competition with other nurseries and suggested
an outright sale of the appraised value. Mr. Young stated that it would be necessary for
them to get into a fund raising campaign to buy the property and to build the building and
that will take a lot of time.

Commissioner Sharp suggested that a down payment be made on this property to hold it.
Commissioner Fountain stated he would like to stretch the time out for them for payment
as a purchase and not as a lease. City Attorney Hawkins said this could be done. Mayor
Baker made mention of the fact that there are no utilities out there, water or sewer,
and Mr. Young said it was his understanding a subdivider is laying out the adjacent area.

Mayor Baker stated that heretofore in considering matters such as this, the Board requests
any organization to furnish them with plans and estimates for anything they want to do
which is necessary to analyze the success of it. He further stated that it is not a
function of the City to provide child care and this proposition is competitive to a certain
extent and we are reluctant to lease property for this purpose as it is a commercial
business. Other groups may come in, equally as worthy, as a civic need. He did not know
what they expected from the Commission at this meeting as actually there is nothing before
us.

Mr. Young answered that the request is in regard to this piece of property in question.

The Mayor suggested that the City could hold the ground for than and Mr. Young suggested
holding it for them for six months to enable them to make an outright purchase and at that
time they would have plans for specifically what they wish to do. Commissioner Bunker
reminded them that an expenditure will be involved to bring in the utilities. The 
Commission agreed to hold this property for them for six months.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	The Commission again considered the application of S. R. Kennard and M. W. Fortney doing

Additional	business as the Bird Cage, 102 Fremont for 3 Racehorse Keno games. This application was

Bird Cage	held in abeyance at the last regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held

December 17, 1958. Attorney William Morse, representing the applicants, appeared before
Denied	the Board requesting a decision so the operators can either go ahead with the new set-up

or revert back to the former operation of the single Keno game.

An employee of the Bird Cage, Gilbert Smith, spoke from the floor stating that he would
like to know what his future would be as an employee, as he understood the Bird Cage could
not continue operation without these additional licenses. Mayor Baker stated that the
attitude of the Board, at least his attitude, was that they were skeptical in operation of
games that might tend to affect the gambling situation in general both in the City and the
State. Another employee, Robert Hutchins, stated that he understood that the State had
issued the license for all four racehorse Keno games. A George Conrad, another employee
asked what the difference is between having four crap tables or having four racehorse
Keno games. Commissioner Whipple stated that it was a matter of policy of this Board.

Attorney Morse stated that he wanted the Board to know that he was not responsible for the
 appearance of	these gentlemen and that for their information the club	is not going	to close.

If these additional licenses are not granted, the operators will take	out this new	setup and

operate as they did before.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of S. R. Kennard and M. W. Fortney doing
business as the Bird Cage, 102 Fremont for 3 Racehorse Keno Games be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROJECT ORDER REQUEST         City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a project work order request in the amount of
Traffic Signal 	System                    $1,831.00 for	necessary labor and materials to revise the traffic signal system at	5th and

5th	&	 Fremont	Fremont. The	timing will be set so pedestrians will have a chance to	cross the street after

cars have been allowed to make a left turn.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that the project work order request in the amount of $1,831.00
for necessary labor and materials to revise the traffic signal system at 5th Street and
Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE REQUISITION	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for	Purchase Requisition No.	3654 to Wells

WELLS CARGO INC.	Cargo Inc., Box 430, Las Vegas, in the amount of	$2,001.00 for 1740 yards	Type II Gravel

Type II Gravel	to be delivered to various locations as directed	by the City of Las Vegas	at $1.15 per cu.

yd., under increment program approved by the Board of City Commissioners.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3654 to Wells Cargo Inc., Box 430,
Las Vegas, in the amount of $2,001.00 for 1740 cu. yds. Type II Gravel be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

1-7-59