that this business is being conducted primarily as a tavern and the interior is laid out as a
beer tavern whereas its primary license is for a cafe with beer and wine. Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
asked Mrs. Phillips if she had a lot of customers who come in and buy beer and wine without 
eating and she replied she did have people who came in for beer only but that she did not know it
was wrong to serve it without food. She further stated that there was food available at all
	times.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated he was surprised that she did not know her license did not cover this
type of sale in view of the fact this has been going on for so long. Commissioner Sharp stated
there was nothing in the evidence submitted to suggest a restaurant at all. Chief Sheffer added
that the only reference to food was a chili and hamburger sign. Commissioner Fountain said there
was one small hamburger sign outside and seven neon beer signs. Commissioner Sharp stated that
unless this operation is changed something would have to be done.

Mrs. Phillips stated that this business is her livelihood; that she had no record of previous
	arrests and had never had to call the police to her establishment in all these years; that she

	did not want to do anything wrong and that she would comply with the provisions of her license.

Commissioner Fountain advised Mrs. Phillips that this was her first time before the Board of City
Commissioners and it was a matter of whether or not she wanted to cooperate. Commissioner Sharp
instructed Mrs. Phillips to make an appointment with the City Manager to have the exact 
provisions of a restaurant beverage license explained to her.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Marie Rose Phillips, doing business as the Charleston Inn, 1107
South 2nd Street, be allowed to continue business under her restaurant beverage license subject to
a strict police supervision to see that this operation was conducted in accordance with this type
of license, with report to be made by the Police Department to the Board of City Commissioners
at their regular meeting to be held June 17, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrant Nos. 35251-35798 for the pay period May 1 - May 15,

1959, in the net amount of $80,925.07 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 0814 - 1023 in the amount of

WARRANTS	$117,398.51 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

MINUTES	Commissioner Fountain moved that the minutes of May 6, May 8, and May 11, 1959, be approved by

May 6, May 8, &	reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

      May 11, 1959

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

C. D. Baker.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION       Commissioner Sharp moved that the following Charitable Solicitation Permits approved by the
PERMITS	Solicitation Review Board be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to

issue the permits:

Approved

JUNIOR CHAMBER OF COMMERCE - Raffle Tickets on Cadillac

AMERICAN LEGION, BOULDER CITY POST - Adv. Program Space and Raffle Tickets for Damboree
AMERICAN LEGION #8 AUXILIARY - Poppy Sale

GRIFFITH METHODIST CHURCH - Woman's Society of Christian Service - Rummage Sales

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Edw. D. Bernard, Wm. D. Bernard and Lucille

New	Bernard doing business as Bernard's Public Meat Company, 713 Ogden Avenue, for a retail beer

Bernard's Public Meat Co.        and wine license be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the

license. Police report was favorable on the applicants.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

	LIQUOR AND GAMING	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Mrs. Helen Gilbreath for 50% interest	in the

	APPLICATION	package liquor and beer bar and 9 slots license at the Charleston Liquor Store, 9 West	Charleston,

Additional Owner	be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.	Police

report was favorable on the applicant.

Charleston Liquor Store

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

C. D. Baker.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Fountain moved that the following additional gaming licenses be approved and the

Additional	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved	H & H SPUDNUT SHOP          923 E. Charleston Auto. Amusements	1 Slot

GOLDEN GATE	1 Fremont	J & H	Vending Co.	2	Cash	Pin

DAN DEE BAR	203 N. 1st	J & H	Vending Co.	1	Cash	Pin

TWIN LAKES LIQUOR	1032 Tonopah Hwy. J. J.	Parker Co.	1	Slot

ESQUIRE LOUNGE	120 S. 2nd	J. J.	Parker Co.	1	Slot

MAIN LIQUOR STORE	418 N. 5th	J. J.	Parker Co.	1	Slot

STARLITE JUICE	BAR	20 Fremont	Super Scope	Coin Mach.	1	Slot

FORTUNE CLUB	22 Fremont	Super Scope	Coin Mach.	1	Slot

PINKY'S LIQUOR	STORE	1232 S. 5th	United Coin	Mach. Co.	1	Cash	Pin

PAYLESS LIQUOR	1509 Fremont	United Coin	Mach. Co.	1	Cash	Pin

5-20-59