2

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall  give noice of the filing of said 
estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the
proposed improvement or work, of the location of the improvement, of the 
district to he assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the 
proposed improvement. Said notice shall be given by publication once a week for
two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper published
in said City of Las Vegas, by posting said notices in at least three public
places near the site of said proposed work, and by mailing said notice, postage
prepaid, as first class mail, at least fifteen days prior to such hearing, to
the last known address of each last known owner of land within the district
whose property will be assessed for the cost of the improvements, such addresses
and owners being those appearing on the local property assessment rolls for
general (ad valorem) taxes of the County of Clark, wherein said property is located. 

Whenever any notice is mailed as herein provided, the fact that the
person to whom it was addressed does not receive it shall not in any manner 

invalidate or affect the legality of the notice thereby given.

SECTION 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts
of ordinances, by-laws, orders, resolutions, in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses, or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair, or invalidate the remaining provisions of
this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and 
invalied, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause
or part of this ordinance in any one or more instances shall not affect or
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any
other instances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of
Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City
its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve
the said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists,
and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the pub-
lic peace, health and safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two 

successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption in the Las
Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City and that ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 18th day of December, 1957.

ATTEST:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	None

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

Commissioner Fountain then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordi-
nance, The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was
called with the following results:	Those voting aye:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay:	None.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Fountain
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye; 

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting
nay:	none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

12-18-57