At this time the following communication was presented to the Board:

Carson City, Nevada,
July 5,1922.

Hon, F.A. Stevens, City Attorney
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mr. Stevens:

In the matter of the water service furnished by
S.W. Craner to residents of Buck's Addition, it appears that under t
the circumstances Mr. Craner cannot be legally compelled to furnish
any auxilary apparatus to maintain the water pressure in
the distribution lines.



It appears entirely practicable to install a small
centrifugal pump and motor, at some point on the water line, which
will give adequate pressure and service to the more distant points.

The cost of this outfit would probably be about $150 which should
properly be borne by the beneficiaries.

While technically Mr. Craner is operating a public util-
ity, practically an order to him to force installation of pressure
devices could be resisted on the ground that it would require an
investment incommensurate with the plant he is operating. If those
who are suffering from lack of water are willing to subscribe the
amount necessary to install the pressure pump, this office will
undertake to make the necessary plans and measurements requisite
for the installation.

Very truly yours

Public Service Commission of

Nevada

By J.G. Scrugham, Commissioner

Foll owed a discussion between the members of the Board and residents of Buck's Addition.

The latter expressed themselves as unwilling to bear the expense of patting in a pressure pump
under present existing circumstances, and the City Attorney was directed to carry on further corres-
pondence with the Public Service Commission, with the idea of reaching some satisfactory settlement
of the difficulty.

Pending the absence of L.R. Hilkie, Sewer Inspector, Sewer and Light Commissioner Gorton
was directed to perform the duties of said Sewer Inspector, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded
by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the Board adjourn until
Wednesday, the 2nd day of August, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.