of the matter and Mr. Ralli said, it did not make sense and nothing further was said on the
subject at that time.

Nov. 6th, 8 o'clock P.M., another joint meeting was held at the County Court House
Law Library. Those present were: Ira Earl, Mayor Garrison, Earl Davison and Rodney Colton,
County Commissioners, Pat Clark, A. L. Rubidoux , A. F. Smith, Sr., M. C. Tinch, City
Commissioners. Roland Wiley, District Attorney, Paul Ralli, City Attorney, Al Cahlan,

Review Journal, Archie C. Grant, State Senator, Bob Griffith, Secretary Chamber of Commerce,
Lloyd Payne, County Clerk, M. E. Ward, Sheriff of Clark County, Madison Graves, Mr. Cohen,

Marion Earl, Attorneys.

The object of this meeting was, discussion pertaining to the Meadows resort and
regulation thereof by the City Commissioners on the assumption it is within one mile from
City limits of Las Vegas.

While there was much said with reference to regulation, there was no mention made
of what was to constitute regulation; there were no rules presented for consideration indicating
what might be intended in the way of regulation.

To me therefore, the word "regulation" as used without rules of order to be governed
by, is ambiguous, equivocal. At any rate, after lengthy discussion by many with Mr. Cahlan
doing most of the talking, Mr. Earl, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners and acting
chairman of the joint meeting, (after all except myself had expressed that the place should
be regulated by the city as their belief) requested me to state my views of the question.

In response to his request, while I was alone in disagreement, I, in substance, had
the following to say:

The County issued the licenses - there is a case pending in the District Court and we
should wait until the law takes its course at least - On the other hand, if the people who
are qualified property owners in that district see fit to petition the city commissioners, in
compliance with State Statutes and the City Charter, to extend the city limits so as to take
in that territory which extends a sizable distance beyond the Meadows building in an easterly,
northerly and southerly direction, Ordinance No. 194 without amendment, will automatically
take care of the situation. In this event, in order to get away from possible closing
through influence of Ordinance 194, they will necessarily have to move the resort more than one
mile from its present location. If we take advantage of the authority vested in the city
through its charter and amend ordinance 194 or ordain another ordinance extending juris-
diction one mile beyond the city limits, the resort would not be required to move but a short
distance to get out of city jurisdiction where the county might grant them another license
which would return the whole matter right back to the point from which we started and to
which I am opposed.

Nov. 5. Police officer Horner appeared at my home with a letter addressed to Paul
Ralli, City Attorney, signed by Mayor Garrison, Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch,
stating that Mr. Ralli had sent him to me with the letter for my signature which had for
its purpose a request upon the city attorney to prepare an ordinance or amendment which
would upon approval, carry jurisdiction of the city Commissioners one mile beyond the city
limits. I declined to affix my signature to the document and told the officer to advise Mr.
Ralli that my position was, at this time, the same as it was at the joint meeting of Nov. 6,
1941.

The Review-Journal of December 9, 1941, Page 2, carries an article as follows:

"A complaint was filed by District Attorney Roland H. Wiley in justice Court in
Las Vegas today against E. V. Clippinger and H. E. Crain, charging that they are
maintaining a disorderly house at the Meadows. Anthony Messina is the complaining witness
in the case."

I quote the following taken from a publication in Washington, D.C., dated November