GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additionals

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

LIQUOR APPLICATION

Change of Ownership

ANNEXATION
Petitions

BID NO. 55.10

POWER SPRAYING MACHINE
Awarded

JUDY RICH TRACT

Release of Bond

GREATER LAS VEGAS
ADDITION
Final Map

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Dale P. Schaumburg for a new gaming
license for 3 slots at Sixth & Carson Hotel, 124 South 6th Street, for the second quarter
1955 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the gaming application of P. L. Jefferson for 1 "21"
at the Brown Derby Club, 320 Monroe, for the second quarter 1955, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the gaming application of R. F. O'Brien, J. E. Sullivan
and R. J. Cardinal for 1 "21" and 1 slot additional at O'Brien's Liquor Store, 1811 E.
Charleston for the second quarter 1955; he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Mrs. Albert Hughes for a new retail
beverage license at Hughes Grocery, 509 Jackson, for the second quarter 1955; he approved,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of George P. Tsouras for a new tavern
for a new tavern license at the Golden Slot Bar, 22 Fremont, for the second quarter 1955;
be denied on the grounds that no new licenses are available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Michael R. Kerekes for a retail
beverage license at the Little Giant Market at 107 St. Louis (formerly owned by R. J.
Fitch) for the second quarter 1955, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Board on behalf of certain petitioners,
namely: Messrs. M. M. Zenoff, H. M. Greenspun, David A. Messing, Max Goot, Albert Goot,
George C. Altman and Milton Seigel, and Phyllis G. Letts, concerning a petition to annex
property on West Charleston consisting of 160 acres, located in the SE¼ of Sec. 6, T21S,
R61E, MDB&M; said petition having been filed with the Board August 11, 1954, and March
15, 1955.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the petition for annexation of property on West Charleston
consisting of 160 acres, located in the SE¼ of Sec. 6, T21S, R61E, MDB&M, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Rounthwaite presented a petition for annexation for Mr. Murray Wollman, St.
Louis and Boulder Highway, located in Sec. 1, T21S, R61E, MDB&M; said petition having
been filed with the Board under date of November 30, 1954.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this petition for annexation be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Wade asked the approval of the Board in awarding bid No. 55.10 for a power
spraying machine to the Hardy Manufacturing Company in the amount of $2066.55; the same
being the low bidder on the type of equipment required.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Hardy Manufacturing Company be awarded the bid on
the Power Spraying Machine in the amount of $2066.55.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the release of the bond on the Judy Rich Tract. Mr. Wade stated
that all work has been completed on the off-site improvements on the tract.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bond on the Judy Rich Tract be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Jarrett, nay.

Discussion was held at this time on the final map of the Greater Las Vegas Addition
(formerly Tankels Addition) with members of the Commission. Mr. Harlan Brown, engineer
on this subdivision, was present. Consideration was given to the release of the
easement originally granted for placement of sewers, but not utilized. George Wade,

City Engineer, recommended that this easement be released.

544-55