Consideration was given to the application of Western Homes, Inc. for the reclassi-
fication of the East $31 feet of the North 2109 feet of the West half of the SW¼,

Section 32, T20S, R6lE, (between Hastings, Kenny Way, Alta Drive and Campbell Drive)
from R-e to R-1.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this application be denied on
the basis that it is incompatible with the surrounding development of ranch estates
and residential estates. The Commission was advised that an application for rezoning
of this property from R-E to R-1 was recommended for denial by the Planning Commission
on November 10, 1955 and denied by the City Commission on November 16, 1955; further
that the Planning Commission finds no change in the situation since that time which
would offer any reason for reversing this denial.

The property is in the immediate neighborhood of the proposed Catholic Church and
School for which a Use Permit was granted by the City Commission recently; objectors
at that hearing stated the belief that the School would tend to be detrimental to ad-
jacent properties and cause a change from their accustomed estate-type of living. The
Planning Commission felt that this rezoning would probably have exactly the result
that the objectors to the School predicted.

Mr. Saylor reported that prior to the hearing there was one objection filed with the
Planning Commission and a petition of 19 neighboring property owners in favor of the
application; at the hearing there were three objectors. In addition, two signers of
the petition approving the rezoning asked to have their names removed from the petition
and recorded as objectors.

Mayor Baker asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this application
for rezoning. No one appeared either in support of or opposed to the application.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
the application of Western Homes, Inc. for rezoning from R-E to R-1 of the above de-
scribed property be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

The Board considered the application of Burley M. Jones for the reclassification of the
S½ of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ and the SE¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of
Section 28, T20S, R6lE (between Washington, Adams, J Street to a point 330 feet east
of Highland Drive) from R-E to R-1.

The Planning Commission approved this application as being in accordance with the ap-
proved Land Use Plan for this area and very similar to recent zoning reclassifications
north of this property granted within the past year. No protests were made at the Plan-
ning Commission hearing.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Burley M. Jones for rezoning of the above
described property from R-E to R-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Consideration was given to the right-of-way for the extension of N Street between Adams
and Washington.

Commissioner Bunker moved that at the time the subdivision plan is submitted to the City
that provision be made for the dedication of that area now known as N Street to the City
as a part of the proposed subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following tote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Gerald B. and Edith B. Nellis of 30 feet for Lexing-
ton Avenue and 30 feet for an unnamed street, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed
to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and
the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W. Fountain,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of March, 1957 by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 6th day
of March, 1957; executed by Gerald B. Nellis and Edith E. Nellis, husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the quitclaim deed of William and Betty G. McKinley of 30 feet for Tobin
Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution
accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the
deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W. Fountain,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 8th day
of March, 1957, executed by William McKinley and Betty Jean McKinley, husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real 3-20-57

REZONING - Z-3-57
Western Homes Inc.

REZONING - Z-4-57
Burley M. Jones

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS

Lexington Avenue



Tobin Avenue

