205

Respectfully yours,

s/ C. G. Petrie
C G. Petrie
City Engineer

CGP'dmn

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing recommendation
of the Planning Commission relative to vacation of South Second Street
and Wyoming Street be referred to the Legal Department for recommendation
as outlined by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

At this time Commissioner Moore appeared at the meeting.

ANNEXATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that	the City Attorney be directed to

	draw up the necessary Ordinance	to annex the 400 acres belonging	to the

	City of Las Vegas adjoining the	city limits on the East boundary	line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

APPLICATION	At	this time the application of Dave Stearns for one	race horse book

Dave Stearns	at	the Santa Anita Turf Club and Bar, 113 E. Fremont	Street was presented

	to	the Board for their consideration. Messrs. Morse	and Graves, Mr.

	Stearn's attorneys, were present. Thereafter, Commissioner Moore moved

that the application be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark and Moore voting aye. Voting no:	Commissioner

Whipple and His Honor. Mayor Cragin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following gaming applications were presented to the Board for their

consideration:



A. H. Stevenson, Jr.	Boulder Club	118	Fremont	1	poker

L. P. Lawrence	Silver Star Bakery 719 Fremont	2 slots

Vegas Sweet Shop	Park Hotel	232	So. 2nd	1	slot

Pat Rozzelle	Orange Julius	409	Fremont	6	slots

Thereafter, Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing gaming applications
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Clark stepped out of the room at this time.

C. B. BAGNALL-final	At this time Mr. George H. Wood's report relative to the final settlement

payment - city jail	with Mr. C. B. Bagnall on the construction of the City police station and

	jail was presented to the Board for their information. Thereafter

	Commissioner Whipple moved that the claim of C. B. Bagnall in the sum of

$18,222.28 be approved subject to final audit by the comptroller. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS The following recommendation from the Planning Commission was received
	relative to the vacation of South Ninth Street.

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

January 30
19	48

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	STREETS AND HIGHWAYS

Vacation

South Ninth Street

Gentlemen:

This Commission has considered the request of the School Board to
establish a proper alignment on South Ninth Street between Lewis and
Clark Streets. This realignment, due to a discrepancy in the subdivision
boundaries of the Wardie and Pioneer Heights Additions, can be accomplished
by vacating a uniform strip of ten feet (10') in width on the Westerly
side of said Ninth Street, and acquiring in lieu thereof, the dedication
of a uniform strip of land ten feet (10') in width on the Easterly side
thereof, as delineated on the attached map.

The Joint Planning Commission, in considering this matter at a regular
meeting held January 27, 1948, and on motion duly made and unanimously
carried, recommends this procedure be approved, provided the necessary
petition is submitted to your Board, together with the offer of dedication
to secure the action.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION