All estimates of expense, plats and diagrams of the said work and of the locality to be improved
are on file with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for public examination.

NOTICE IS FURTHER GIVEN: That the Board will meet on the 23rd day of November, 1936, at the hour
of 7 o'clock P.M. of said day in the City of Las Vegas to consider any suggestions or objections
that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements and assessments.

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS
BY VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commis-
sioner Ward being excused before the vote was called. Noes, none.

Said above mentioned notice to be published November 6th, 13th and 20th in the Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper published in Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Joe Levine asking the Board to "Siwash"
his wife, Florence Levine. This act would be in accordance with Ordinance No. 203 of the City
of Las Vegas, governing the sale of liquor.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the
City Clerk inform, in writing every holder of a beverage or liquor license in the City of Las
Vegas that no liquor or beverage of any kind was to be sold to Florence Levine.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none,

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machines licenses
for the 4th quarter year were granted:

L.L. Arnett	3,	Ray	Murphy	3

Read Drug Co.	3,	J.T.	Watters	4

	E.P. Bihlmaier	15,	E.D.Ciliax 2

Art Schreiber	2.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that A.L.
Worswick be appointed deputy building inspector on the Elk's Bldg. now under construction. This
appointment being in accordance with the Building Code and Ordinance in effect in the City of Las
Vegas. Mr. Worswick to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing a bond in the
Clerk's office in the sum of $1,000.00. Salary of said Inspecter to be paid by the Elk's Lodge,
but the City to pay premium on said bond.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioners Down it was moved and carried that
the Clerk be instructed to give special publicity to the newspapers in regard to an informal meeting
to be held in the District Court Room Monday the 16th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven
o'clock P.M. Said meeting to be held for the purpose of discussing the zoning of the City North
of Bridger Street and East of Fifth Street. Meetings to be held later on other districts.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner
Farnsworth being excused before the vote was called.

No further business appearing before the meeting at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Friday the 6th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 6th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 6th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, and Marble, absent
Commissioners Ward and Farnsworth. Present City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
one crap table license be granted to Robert Pansey for 123 South 1st St. at the Exchange Club.
Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the Mayor sign a contract with the Standard Oil Co. for the supplying of "Flamo" oil to the
Fire Hall in the City of Las Vegas. The installation of said "Flamo" tank being in accordance with
all City rules governing the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, and Marble and His Honor the	Mayor voting aye.	Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner	Down it was moved	and carried	that

the license money heretofore received from Frank C. Kernan, for the conducting of a sealed package
liquor	license for 303 No. Main Street be returned to said Frank	C. Kerenan, as the license had

not been used . Mr. Kernan after securing same considered it for	the best interest	of the City	and

his other business that such business not be transacted at the above address.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.