OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 21st, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H.

Dentner, with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, together with the
City Attorney and City Clerk*

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read*

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Upon the presentation of a map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite showing the grades
as provided in Ordinance #47, the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Gorton,
seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried.

Resolved that the map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite presented by Fred W. Rodolf,
to replace the map referred to in Ordinance 47, and adopted with said Ordinance, but which has since
been lost or mislaid, be and the same is hereby adopted to be used in place of said map which was
filed September 3,1913 in connection with Ordinance #47, but subsequently lost, it being the opinion
of this Board that the map presented by the said Fred W. Rodolf is identical with said map filed
September 3,1913 and subsequently lost. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, Gorton and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time a committee from the Realty Board called to discuss that portion
of the Traffic Ordinance, No. 90, which provides that no car may be parked closer than ten inches
from the curb. After listening to the remarks of Messrs. Riley, Payne, and Breeze, the Board took
the matter under consideration. It appearing to the Board that said feature of this Ordinance is
apparently not for the best interests of the City of Las egas, it was the order of the Board upon
the motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the
City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to draw and amendment to Ordinance No. 90 provid-
ing that vehicles may be parked against the curb. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, Gorton and
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner ,Aye, Noes, none.

Adolph Levy appeared before the Board to request permission to build a fire
roof porch in front of his new building on Fremont Street, whereupon it was the decision of the
Board that upon the presentation of a written permit, permission might be granted by this Board.

Thereupon J.T McWilliams presented to the Board a map for numbering the
houses of the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with a an Ordinance and Resolution previously
adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, whereupon, on motion of Mayor Pro, Tem
Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, it was the order of the Board that said
map of the City of Las Vegas be accepted, and that the houses of the city be numbered in accordance
with said map upon its completion. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Gorton and Mayor pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold seconded by
Commissioners Hodgens, and duly carried, that the streets in Clark's Las Vegas, Townsite be signed.
Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

	Board of City Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The undersigned is now the owner of the ground upon which
the Las Vegas City Jail and pound is located.



I hereby serve you this written notice that you must remove the
City Jail and pound from my premises at once.

If the city wishes to dispose of its jail and pound however
and will act promptly, execute the proper Bill of Sale of the Jail

and pound and deposit such Bill of Sale with the First State Bank of