would be put in to provide access to this land. Mr. Sauer stated it
was never his understanding this would be done, and then described
the line of the ditch to the Commission, indicating the portion which
Mr. Farnsworth had agreed to dedicate.

It was Commissioner Fountain's opinion that a charge of $1 per year
be made for this effluent water for a period of approximately three
years, provided the engineering phase of the matter could be worked
out between Mr. Bronken and Mr. Carollo; that the users of the water
pay the cost of all connections; that the City not be bound to supply
water for any specified length of time and, upon any extension of
any contract, there shall be no expense to the City.

It was the recommendation of City Attorney Cory that this matter be
referred to a Committee, to work out the details with the Engineers,
submit a report and after that time a motion be made.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, appointed Commissioners Whipple and Sharp
as a Committee on this matter.

Commissioner Elwell moved that Commissioner E. W. Fountain and
Commissioner Harris Sharp, duly appointed as the Freeway Committee
for the City of Las Vegas, be authorized to present to the State
Highway Board and the Bureau of Public Roads in Carson City plans
for two (2) interchanges within the City limits of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, as well as certain proposed grade separations at
major streets on Interstate Route No. 15.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Dr. Stein addressed the Commission, stating he objected to the
Planning Commission's requirements for parking in connection with
16 apartments constructed by Dr. Stein.

It was Commissioner Sharp's suggestion that Dr. Stein apply for a
variance.

City Manager Kennedy advised the General Fund Balance, as of January
31, 1960, was $1,129,442.48, Gross Payroll was $115,949.56, and there
was a refund of a liquor license to Sy Husney in the amount of $250.00
covering two months, because of change of ownership and duplicate
payment of liquor license.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Western High School to
trade land to the City for the installation of a sewer line from the
school to Algiers, consisting of approximately ½ mile of sewer line.

When asked for an opinion on this matter, City Attorney Cory stated
the effect would be that the City would be paying for the sewer line
and he did not believe it required much of an opinion, stating it
was a policy the City would be confronted with.

Commissioner Fountain requested the City Attorney submit a written
report on this matter.

The next request of the School District presented by City Manager
Kennedy was for joint use of the athletic field near the golf course
under arrangements similar to those for other School District and
City facilities.

Commissioner Sharp commented that the City Manager had authority to
grant this request and no motion was necessary.

The next request of the School District involved a trade of City
owned land in Eastern Las Vegas for a park site in the vicinity of
Doolittle Avenue and "H" Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

RESOLVED, that the City Manager is hereby authorized and empowered to
negotiate with the School District for exchange of City owned land
in the east portion of the town with land owned by the School District
on the Westside for the development of a joint use City-School Park
and submit a report as soon as such negotiations have been completed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission authorization was needed
to write a letter to the Coordinator of Urban Renewal, stating the
City intends to build a $200,000.00 park on the Westside in connection
with the Urban Renewal program. Mr. Kennedy advised this would
increase the cost to the City by $35,000.00 on Urban Redevelopment,
but the City would receive full credit for the $200,000.00 park, and
the school.

FREEWAY MEETING
Carson City

Authorization given for presen-
tation of Plan

DR. STEIN
Discussion

GENERAL FUND BALANCE

SEWER LINE
Western High School
Held in Abeyance

ATHLETIC FIELD
Discussion

WESTSIDE CITY-SCHOOL PARK
Resolution Adopted

URBAN RENEWAL
Westside Park
Authorization Given

2-3-60