132

at the office of the City Treasurer in Las Vegas, Nevada, in lawful
money of the United States of America, being six months' interest
on its Police Station Bonds, 1947, Series A, dated October 1, 1947,

No._______.

(Facsimile Signature)_______

City Treasurer

* (To be inserted in coupons maturing after April 1, 1952, attached
to bonds numbered 36 to 125, both inclusive.)

Section 7. That said Police Station Bonds, 1947, Series A,
shall be sold at public sale to the person or persons offering the
best and most advantageous terms to said City. The Mayor and City
Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed to give notice
offering said police station bonds for sale and calling for bids for
the purchase of said bonds by publishing a notice once a week for
four consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals in The
Las Vegas Evening Review*Journal, the official newspaper of the City
of Las Vegas and by mailing a copy of such notice at least three
weeks prior to the date fixed for the sale to the State Board of
Finance, Carson City, Nevada, which said notice shall be in sub-
stantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. POLICE STATION BONDS. 1947. SERIES A

$125,000.00 - October 1. 1947

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark county,

Nevada, will on the ______day of	, 1947, at ___ o'clock

.M., at the City Office in Las Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale the
Following described general obligation bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Police Station Bonds, 1947, Series A,
dated October 1, 1947, in the aggregate principal amount
of $125,000.00, numbered from 1 to 125, both inclusive,
in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, maturing serially
in numerical order $11,000.00 on October 1, 1948, and
$6,000.00 on October 1st in each of the years 1949 to
19&7, both inclusive; bonds numbered 36 to 125, both
inclusive, maturing on the first day of October in each
of the years 1953 to 1967, both inclusive, being subject
to redemption in inverse numerical order at the option
of the City on the first day of October, 1952, or on any
interest payment date thereafter upon the payment of the
principal amount thereof and accrued interest to the re-
demption date, and all of said bonds bearing interest
at a rate not to exceed three per centum per annum,
payable semi-annually on the first days of April and
October in each year, both principal and interest being
payable at the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest
rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which the bidder will
purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the
bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the
bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the corporate
authorities of the City of Las Vegas to reject any and all bids and
re-advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued
interest, nor will ary discount or commission be allowed or paid on
the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid
of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of five per
cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which
will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful
bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount
of his deposit shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and, in
that event, the corporate authorities of said City may accept the
bid of the one making the next best bid, or if all bids are rejected,
such authorities may re-advertize said bonds for sale. If there be
two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and
are not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities
will determine which bid shall be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing,
Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado, whose
opinion, together with the printed bonds, will be furnished the pur-
chaser without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas. Nevada, this	day of	.A.D.

1947.

Mayor

(SEAL)