have until and up to the 3rd day of June A.D. 1916, to commence said work and have the same completed

within ninety days thereafter and it was further ordered that said block eight be and the same is

hereby ordered exempt from said ordinance. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:—

Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.



This then being the time as set by the Board for the second reading of ordinance No. 64 of said City
for the improvement of Main street by a concrete cement sidewalk the Clerk then proceeded to said
ordinance for the second reading whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered that
this said ordinance No. 64 be passed as appears more fully in ordinance Book Number one of said City
under ordinance No. 64. the vote upon the said ordinance and resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time for the second reading of Ordinance No. 65 of said City for the construction
of a concrete and cement side walk on Main street in said City , whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was Upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioners Ball and
duly carried ordered that said ordinance be and the same is hereby passed as appears more fully
under ordinance No. 65 in book one of aid City. the vote upon said resolution being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

The question of advertising for bids for the construction of a concrete and cement sidewalk on
Main street as provided in ordinance's number 64 and 65 as heretofore passed, by said Board coming on
before the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board ordered that the Mayor and
City Clerk be and are hereby instructed to advertised for bids for the construction of said sidewalk
said bids to be opened on and not latter than the 3rd, day of May A.D. 1916. at ten o'clock A.M. of
said day, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye.
Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Mayor called the attention of the Board to the fact that the ladies of the Civic
League of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, had requested that a certain day be set aside to be known as
clean up day in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was ordered that Wednesday the 26th day of April be and the same is hereby designated as
clean up day in said City and that the Mayor and City Clerk be and are hereby authorized to issue
an Proclamation to that effect, and that the Clerk notify the member of said Civic league of the
Boards action in said matter, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners
Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time set for the hearing of the question of the revoking of the retail liquor
license of Carl Wasserbach, it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board ordered that
this matter be and the same is hereby laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board to be held
on the 3rd, day of May A.D. 1916.