OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 5th, 1940.

Minutes of a regular	meeting of the Board of	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,	Clark

county Nevada held on the	5th	day of August, 1940	at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of July 16th, 19th and 23rd read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner	Gilbert seconded by	Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and	carried

that Warrants Nos. 376 to	383	be allowed and that	the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section 3 of Ordinance No. 210 of the City
of Las Vegas Entitled "An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection of a license
tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and running of
the same, within the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the pro-
visions of this ordinance; and repealing Ordinance No. 100 and all ordinances and parts of or-
dinances in conflict herewith," was read to the Board for a second time and adopted by the
following vote, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor
John L. Russell voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office, Tuesday the
23rd day of July, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. to consider and act upon the following:

1. To consider the sale of approximately 440 acres of land owned by the City of Las Vegas, sit-
uate north and east of the said City.

2.	To allow traveling expense for Fire Chief Case to Tacoma Washington.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service of the
foregoing notice of a Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	Herb Krause	A. Corradetti	C.V.T.Gilbert

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY NEVADA

JULY 23rd, 1940.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
23rd day of July, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

The purpose of this meeting being the consideration of the sale of ground owned by the City
of Las Vegas and purchased with the idea in mind that the same might be used for an airport the
Board at once took said matter under consideration.

Several members of the Las Vegas Junior Chamber of Commerce were present and urged that the
City sell for $7,000.00 the price offered by E.A. Clark, this tract of land and that the money be
used toward the purchase of a larger tract of land upon which the City could build and airport.

Mayor Russell informed those present that he was not in favor of agreeing to the sale of
ground at this time but would consider the matter at the regular meeting of the Board to be held
on the 5th day of August.

Commissioner Gilbert moved that the matter be tabled until the regular meeting August 5th and
at that time definite action be taken either to sell the ground or to still hold same in the name
of the City.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

The next business brought before the meeting was the granting of traveling expenses to Harold
Case, Chief of the Las V gas Fire Department to the National Convention of Fire Chiefs to be held in
Tacoma Washington the first of August.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the sum of $320.00 be appropriated and allowed as traveling expense for Mr. Case to Tacoma,
Washington. This amount having been provided in the 1940 budget.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting no.

The business being concluded for which the meeting was called the meeting then adjourned.