URBAN RENEWAL	Coordinator of Urban Renewal, Franklin J. Bills, advised the Commission that

"PROJECT	"Project Industrial" had been originally planned as the City's first redevelopment

INDUSTRIAL"	 project in the Westside area, and a complete application for planning funds

and the reservation of capital grant funds had been previously submitted as
Resolution Adopted	approved by the City Commission. Due to the application of a formula adopted by

the Urban Renewal Administration, this project was temporarily shelved inasmuch
as the estimated capital grant funds necessary for this project exceeded the funds
allocated to the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Bills requested adoption of a proposed resolution which had been approved by the
Urban Renewal Advisory Committee and by the City Planning Commission. He stated
further that the adoption of this resolution would authorize him, as Coordinator
of Urban Renewal, to refile this application for survey and planning for "Project
Industrial." together with supporting documents with the Housing and Home Finance
Agency. This application could be considered only at such time in the future as
Federal Funds again become available. Mr. Bills also stated the new housing
legislation would possibly increase the ceiling on capital grant funds available
to the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

A RESOLUTION REQUESTING THAT THE APPLICATION FOR SURVEY
AND PLANNING FOR PROJECT INDUSTRIAL BE REFILED WITH THE
HOUSING AND HOME FINANCE AGENCY ON A STANDBY BASIS.

WHEREAS, the city of Las Vegas did at the direction of the Housing and Home
Finance Agency execute a Feasibility Survey at the expense of over $19,000.00 of
which $16,654.00 was a federal advance; and

WHEREAS, as a result of this Feasibility Survey it was determined that the
best course of action for the City of Las Vegas was to file on Application for
Survey and Planning for Project Industrial and said Application for Survey and
Planning and a subsequent Eligibility and Relocation Report was submitted to the
Housing and Home Finance Agency; and

WHEREAS, on September 9, 1958, the Housing and Home Finance Agency did
establish a formula placing a fiscal year ceiling on capital grant authority
available to a locality; and

WHEREAS, as a result of this formula project Industrial was determined to
be in excess of the ceiling and would not be permitted in it's original, form; and

WHEREAS, the Housing and Home Finance Agency did permit an Application for
Survey and Planning for an alternate project; and

WHEREAS, an Application for Survey and Planning for the Madison School Project
was filed and said project is now in the planning stages; and

WHEREAS, the Housing and Home Finance Agency permits a locality to file an
Application for Survey and Planning which would exceed the present fiscal year
ceiling on a standby basis for future consideration when federal funds become
available; and

WHEREAS, the United States Congress has enacted an Omnibus Housing Bill that
would make these federal funds available;

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas that the original Application for Survey and Planning for Project
Industrial be refiled and;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Eligibility and Relocation Report for Project
Industrial be refiled and;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the documents be refiled with the statement that
in view of the present limitations on available capital grant authority the Local
Public Agency desires to have the Application and the Report held in a standby
status by the Housing and Home Finance Agency until such time as further consideration 
is possible, and/or the present fiscal year ceiling is raised.

Moved, Approved and Adopted this 7th day of October, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson_________________

Attest:	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

URBAN RENEWAL	Planning Director Bills requested the adoption of a general neighborhood plan

covering the area between the Union Pacific Railroad and Highland, West Bonanza
General Neighborhood 	Road and the north City Limits; said plan being in harmony with the City Master

Renewal Plan	Plan and providing some refinements to the General Master Plan. Mr. Bills added

this was a necessary and valuable step in the preparation of complete final
Adopted	detailed planning for the Madison School Redevelopment Project. He stated this

plan proposed a somewhat different line of the freeway through the Westside School
and Westside Recreation Area and he felt this was a method by which they could
solidify their position on this with the State Highway Dept.

Commissioner Fountain stated in his opinion the freeway in this particular area was
five years away and asked how this would affect any rezoning for this year and the
following year. Mr. Bills stated it would have the same general effect the Master
Plan might have and that on zoning items the particular circumstances must be taken
into consideration.

Commissioner Fountain stated he would not agree if any restriction was to be put
on property owners in this right-of-way as they had to protect those people. Mayor

10-7-59