Commissioner Fountain indicated that no commitment should be made until the City
Attorney, representing the City, and Mr. Porter, representing the Humane Society
can meet and determine an agreement and the amount. He emphasized that the
Animal Control Board, if appointed, would act only in an advisory capacity and
would be appointed by the City Commission.

The Clark County Humane Society, represented by Mr. John Porter, Mrs. Zelda Smith
and Mr. Wells Miller indicated they were in accord with the recommendation of
the Committee, and their attorney would meet with the City Attorney.

The matter was then held in abeyance pending the agreement And the auditing
of the bills, to be presented back to the City Commission for final action.

The Commission considered the application of Jack I. Sklar for a permit to
hold an auction at Vegas Loan and Jewelry, 26 Fremont Street.

Mr. Sklar appeared at this time and advised the Commission that it was his in-
tent to go out of business, and he would like permission to hold this auction
for a period of three weeks.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Jack I. Sklar
for a permit to hold an auction at Vegas Loan and Jewelry, 26 Fremont Street
be approved for a period of three weeks, commencing May 17, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Attorney John Spann appeared before the Commission on behalf of Mr. Claude
Dudrey owner of the De Luxe Motel at 601 South 5th Street, protesting the
Hotel-Motel Outdoor Advertising Ordinance No. 731. Mr. Spann was requested
to discuss this matter with the City Attorney's office.

Mr. Gus Andros appeared before the Commission protesting the adoption of Ordi-
nance No. 742 concerning the licensing of astrologers and persons in similar
occupations.

Discussion was held on the request of the Parade Committee of the annual
Elks Helldorado for financial assistance in the expense of network Tele-
cast of the Beauty Parade.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City be authorized to spend a maximum
of $2500.00 for an East Coast telecast, or a maximum of $1500.00 in the
event the hook-up only goes as far as the Mid-West.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain was designated to meet with the Parade Committee to
work out the details concerning this expenditure.

There being no further business to come before the Board Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 10:05 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

Roes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



 SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

5-15-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1957

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall,
on the 22nd day of May, 1957, at the hour of 8:00 P.M. to consider the follow-
ing matters:

1.	Public Hearing - Vacation of a portion of Jackson Avenue

2.	Public Hearing - Vacation of "M" Street

______s/ C. D. Baker_____________________

Mayor

AUCTION PERMIT

ORDINANCE NO. 731
Protest

ORDINANCE NO. 742
Protest

HELLDORADO
Beauty Parade
Telecast