] 244

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner	Whipple moved	that	the application of Dave Stearns

DAVE STEARNS	for one race	horse book at	the Santa Anita Turf Club & Bar, 113

	East Fremont Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioners Clark and
Moore.

LEGAL DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Baskin moved that John Bonner,	Esq., be hired to

DEPUTY	CITY	ATTORNEY fill the vacancy created by the resignation	of G. William

HIRED	Coulthard, Esq., Deputy City Attorney, at a	salary of $175.00

	per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner	Whipple and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NOTICE FOR ADOPTION	Commissioner	Whipple moved	that	the City Attorney be directed

OF BUILDING AND	to prepare the necessary notice	to adopt the 1946 Building Code

FIRE PREVENTION CODES and the 1947 Fire Prevention Code. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

	Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting
Commissioner Whipple moved that this meeting recess until
10:00 A.M. Monday, May the 17th, 1948. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 17th, 1948

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 17th day of May, 1948. Meeting called to order at the
hour of 10:00 A.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the
following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, City

Attorney C. Norman Cornwall, City Manager, J. M. Murphy and
City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin

and Whipple.

At this time there appeared before the Board, Ryland G. Taylor,
Esquire, and a group of interested citizens, Mr. Taylor repre-
sented the group and presented to the Board their objections to
Ordinance No. 343. After considerable discussion on the matter,

	Commissioner Clark moved that Ordinance No. 343 be referred to

the City Attorney for further consideration in line with the
objections as set forth by Mr. Taylor. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Comm-

issioners Clark, Moore and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Whipple.

BUSINESS LICENSE	At this time a letter addressed to the Mayor and the Board of

City Commissioners dated May the 11th and signed by M. M. Sweeney,
Vice President of the Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Co. was
	read to the Board requesting them to waive the penalty of $12.95

due on their business license fee. Thereafter Commissioner
Clark moved that the Board does not have the authority or power
to waive the penalty and that the City Clerk be authorized to
collect same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Baskin and Whipple.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Boysie Ensley

CLUB EBONY	for one race horse keno at the Club Ebony, 501 Jackson Street

	for the 2nd quarter, 1948 be granted. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote; Comm-
issioners Clark, Moore and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until May 21st at the hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Comm-

issioners Clark, Moore and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin and Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:	

City Clerk		Mayor