260

At the hour of 3:30 P.M. this meeting recessed.

At the hour of 3:45 P.M. this date the meeting reconvened
with all members present as of the opening session.

BIDS -- #48.10	At this time bids for the furnishing and installing of approximately

Parking	650 parking meters as per bid No. 48.10

Meters	were received from the following firms:

Magee-Hall Park-0 Meter Co.	Commerce Exchange Bldg. Oklahoma City, Okla.

Miller Parking Meter Co.	1970 N. Alexandria	Los	Angeles, Calif.

Pacific Union Metal Co.	Box 26l6-Ter. Annex	Los	Angeles, Calif.

Karpark Corp.	McMillan at Laredo	Cincinnati, Ohio

Albright's Business Machines	117 North 3rd St.	Las	Vegas, Nev.

Thereafter Mayor Cragin stated that the bid on the parking meter could not
be awarded until the proposed ordinance adopting the use of said meters
could be reported on. His Honor said that the award would probably be
made sometime the first of next week.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until July 13, 1948
at 3 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 13, 1948

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
13th day of July, 1948, the meeting was called to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:15 P.M. with the following members present:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple; City Manager J.M. Murphy, City Attorney

C.	Norman Cornwall, and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of June 30, 1948 be approved by
MINUTES	reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE At this time Ordinance No. 358 relating to the regulation of Taxicab Stands
NO. 358 -	was	read by	title and referred to Commissioners Clark and Moore for report

Taxicab	at the next	regular meeting, July 22, 1948.



PROPOSED ORDNANCE At this time Ordinance No. 360 establishing a Regional Planning Commission
NO. 360 - Regional was read by title to the Board and referred to Commissioners Clark and
Planning Commissioner Moore for report at the next regular meeting, July 22, 1948.

PROPOSED ORDINANCEAt this time Ordinance No. 359 regulating Curfew was read by title to the
NO. 359 - Curfew Board and referred to Commissioners Clark and Moore for report at the
	next regular meeting, July 22, 1948.

BEVERAGE APPLICA- At this time Mr. Harold J. Ewing appeared before the Board on behalf of
TION - Harold's	his	application for a Retail Restaurant Beverage License at	Harold's Cafe,

Cafe H.J. Ewing	410	Bonanza	Road, Third Quarter of 1948, which was referred	to the Police

Department for investigation at the regular meeting of the Board held
,	July 7, 1948. Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that Mr. Ewing's application

	be granted without waiting for the report of the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

TAXICAB METERS	At this time Mayor Cragin read a letter from Tanner Motor Co. with reference

Re: Letter from to the installation of meters in taxicabs. Commissioner Moore moved that
Tanner Motors the City Manager be instructed to call a meeting of the local cab companies

relative to this matter before action is taken by the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

GAMING APPLICA- The following gaming applications for the third quarter of 1948 were presented
TIONS 3rd Quarter to the Board for their consideration:

NEW

Vegas Enterprises

Abe Kroloff	Elite Market	831 S. Main	3 slots