said resolution being as follows towit:- commissioners Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and Curtiss
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried
the following resolution was duly adopted towit:- "Resolved that the City Attorney be and
hereby is directed to institute proper proceedings on behalf of the City of Las Vegas for the
collection of all special sidewalk assessments which are unpaid on the 17th, day of May 1914.
the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada, June 3rd, 1914.
At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held on the 3rd, day of June A.D. 1914. Present the Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Comm-
issioners Sullivan, Curtiss, and Griffith, Commissioner Smith being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the

Clerk of this Board except the Claims of , Lake, O'Brien, Halpin and Stewart which was rejected

upon the grounds that the Board had a contract with J.T. McWilliams for the completion of said



cemetery worK and not with the above parties and that for the further reason that said parties were

not retained by the City to perform said work.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried

it was ordered that the sum of one dollars $100.00 be transferred from the general fund of the

City to the Cemetery fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Commissioners Sullivan , Curtiss, Griffith
and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request from J.H. Ladd requesting that he be

compensated for land used for road purposes which passes through his the said. J.H. Ladd's property

whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Curtiss it was ordered that said matter

be turned over to the Commissioner of street and Alleys W.W. Griffith with a request that he report

bacK to this Board at their next regular meeting the statues of said matter., Commissioners, Curtiss,
Griffith, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

The petition from the Mesquite Club requesting that the quarter now occupied by the County

officers of Clark County be used for Library purposes was ordered that the same be laid over for

future reference.

The question of paying J.A. Delameter his final 50 % on contract price for sidewalks
built by the said J.A. Delameter in said City was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered
that said matter be laid over until June the 8th, 1914 at seven o'clocK P.M. of said date.

Thereupon motion being duly made by Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner
Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that this meeting stand adjourned until June 8th, at seven
o'clock P.M. of said day to consider the paying of said J.A. Delameter his final 50% on contract
for sidewalk work the vote being as follows towit Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan and
his honor the Mayor voting aye.