Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, October 28th, 1916.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada called by the Mayor of said City for the purpose of fixing the tax rate for the
year 1916, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor of said City with Commissioners Elwell, and F.E.
Matzdorf being present. Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
the upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried
ordered that the following resolution be and the same is hereby adopted towit; that the City Tax
rate for the year 1916 be and the same is hereby fixed as follows towit; General fund (12( cents
Street fund Twenty five cents,	Sewer bond Interest fund Twenty cent,	sewer sinking

fund Eight cents. making a total assessment for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in the sum of
Sixty five cents the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit, Commissioners Matzdorf,
aye. Elwell aye, and His honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Nevada, November 1st, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held on the first day of November A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Comm-
issioners C/P. Ball, David Farnsworth , F.E. Matzdorf, and W.H. Elwell .

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las egas allowed and passed by the Board except the Claim
of R.E Lake for the sum of $24.00 which was reduced to twelve dollars for the reason that the
claim was an unjust claim.

At this time C.A. French presented to the Board a request for the road work near the Cemetery



in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered
that said work be referred to the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property David Farnsworth

David Farnsworth representing the Troy Steam Laundry made application to the Board for a
permit to finish building an addition on the Building used and occupied by said Troy Steam
Laundry and a further request that said Laundry be granted permission to use the Man hole of the
City sewer system as a grease trap, thereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by
Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered that said request be and the same is hereby
granted, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye,

Ball, aye, Elwell, aye, Farnsworth and his honor the Mayor We. E Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.