OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
FEBRUARY 19th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of February, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and
Marble, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Perry.

A committee from the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board at this time
and ask the Commission if it would be willing to donate to the Junior Chamber of Commerce
the sum of One Hundred Dollars to be used toward the expense of securing the regional con-
vention of the Junior Chamber of Commerce for 1938. A committee from the Jr. C of C was
presenting a bid for the convention for 1938 at the convention to be held in San Diego in
March 1937.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioners Krause it was moved and
carried that the City of Las Vegas from its Publicity Fund donate the sum of One Hundred
Dollars to the Las Vegas Junior Chamber of Commerce to be used towards securing the
Regional convention of the Chamber in 1938.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk sign a contract on behalf of the City of Las Vegas with W.E.
Morrison. Said contract to cover grading and leveling for several streets in the City of Las
Vegas to be improved in the Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. Kelley of the Las Vegas Meat and Provision Company appeared before the Board in
regard to the sanitary conditions at the plant of the said company. Dr. F.R. Mildren, City
Health officer also appeared before the Board in regard to this condition.

Mr. Kelly informed the Board that at an early date the conditions at the plant would
be greatly improved and would meet the requirements of the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 26th day of February, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 26th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 26th day of February, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry, City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the following letter be sent to Jesse H. Evans, Acting State Director PWA:

February 26, 1937

Jesse H. Evans, Acting State Director PWA,

Reno, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

Attached please find a copy of a letter the City of Las Vegas has re-
ceived from the construction firm of Bebek and Brkich. Said firm has been awarded the con-
tract for the Las Vegas Street improvement Project known as Docket	No. 1021-D.

The Board of Commissioners	will grant thie request, paying of	labor by check,	if	the

same	meets with the approval of	the Director of PWA for Nevada.

Will	you kindly advise me as to	your decision at an early date as the construction	on	this

project was started the 15th day of February, 1937.

Thanking you for your co-operation in this matter, I am,

Truly yours,

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

February 26, 1937.

City of Las Vegas, City Hall,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Attention C.D.Baker, City Engineer,

Dear Sir;

We hereby request permission to pay workers by check on the Las Vegas
Street Improvement Project, Docket No. 1021D. We feel that we are justified in this
request for the following reasons—