corner of Lot Twenty-three (23) in said Block Twenty-one (21);
thence Northeasterly one hundred twenty-five (125) feet to the Northeast
corner of Lot Twenty-seven (27) in said Block Twenty-one (21); thence
Southeasterly eighty (80) feet across Tenth Street to the Southwest corner
of Lot Five (5) in Block Twenty-two (22) in said Addition; thence Southeasterly
along the Southerly line of said Lot Five (5) one hundred forty (140) feet to
the Southeast corner of said Lot Five (5); thence Southeasterly twenty (20)
feet across the alley running northerly and southerly through said Block
Twenty-two (22) to a point on the Easterly line of said alley; thence at a
right angle Northeasterly a distance of one hundred twenty-five (125) feet to
the Northwest corner of Lot Nineteen (19) in said Block Twenty-two (22);
thence Southeasterly along the Northerly line of said Lot Nineteen (19) one
hundred forty (140) feet to the Northeast corner of said Lot Nineteen (19);
thence Southeasterly along the Northerly line of said Block Twenty-two (22)
projected Southeasterly to a point on the East line of said Wardie Addition;
thence Southerly along the East line of said Addition one hundred forty-five
and eight-tenths (145.8) feet to the Southeast corner of said Addition; thence
westerly thirteen hundred nineteen and six-tenths (1319.6) feet along the
	Southerly line of said Addition to the Southwest comer of said Addition;

	thence Northerly forty (40) feet along the West line of said Addition to a

point; thence Easterly parallel to the South line of said Addition forty-four
(44) feet to a point on the West line of Block Thirteen (13) in said Addition;
thence Northeasterly two hundred sixteen (216) feet along the West line of
Block Thirteen (13) in said Addition to the point of beginning.

This Application is made upon the grounds that said above described portion of said
Plat has for more than five (5) years prior to the date of this Application remained and now
is unoccupied and that the Streets and Alleys therein are not necessary to the use and con-
venience of the residents of the occupied portions of said Plat, and that the portion of said
Plat proposed to be vacated is bounded on the Southerly side by the Southerly boundary of said
Plat.

WHEREFORE, your Petitioners pray that a copy of this Petition be published as by law
provided and the relief herein prayed for be granted to your Petitioners.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 10th day of May, A. D., 1929.

C. D. Baker, owner of lots

Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 4 Block 22, said Addition

Jos. R. Evans, owner of lot No. 18, Block
22, said Addition.

Jas. P. Barton Owners of Lots 19 in Block
22 in said Addition

SOUTH NEVADA LAND AND DEVELOPMENT
COMPANY, a corporation

(SEAL South Nevada Land By H. D. BUZICK

and Development Co.)	Its Attorney in Fact

Owner of Block "c" in said Addition

MILLER-BUZICK CORPORATION

By John F. Miller_______________

(SEAL Miller-Buzick	Its President and

Corporation)	Authorized Agent.

Owner of the remaining property
in said unoccupied portion of
said Addition.

"

was presented to the Board by Mr. H. D. Buzick and read to the Board by the Clerk. After
reading, the petition was ordered filed. Thereupon, Commissioner German moved that the said
petition be published once a week for four (4) consecutive weeks, at expense of petitioners.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Neagle and duly carried.

Roger Foley, Esq., Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas, appeared before the Board
and requested that he be allowed the sum of Forty ($40.00) Dollars per month as rent for
municipal court room. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ORDERED that the
said Roger Foley, Esq., be allowed the sum of Forty ($40.00) Dollars per month for rent for the
month of May, 1929.

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Tuesday, the 14th day of May, 1929, at the hour of
7:30 o'clock, P. M.