284

(d)	In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for
each commercial wash rack, the sum of seventy-five cents ($.75) per month.

(e)	In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each
commercial dishwashing machine an additional charge of one dollar ($1.00) per month.

In addition to the above commercial rates there shall be charged for each
floor drain an additional charge of seventy-five cents ($.75) per month.

The City Engineer and the City Manager are hereby authorized and directed
to establish the charge for any use of the municipal sewage disposal system not
covered by the above schedule. The above schedule of rates shall be effective
upon the publication and final passage of this Ordinance, said publication to be
made immediately following the first reading and approval of this Ordinance.

The City covenants and agrees that while any of said bonds are outstanding, it
will from time to time revise and adjust said schedule of rates to the end that
the revenue and income derived from the operation of the system will be sufficient
to pay all operating and maintenance charges and both the principal of and the
interest on the bonds authorized by Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted the 23rd day
of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented. The City further covenants that no
free service shall be furnished by the system provided, however, that no charge
will be made to the United State of America, the State of Nevada, the County of
Clark or any charitable institution for the direct use by it of said system.

Section 4. All bills for services rendered by or through said system
shall be rendered quarterly on the first days of January, April, July and October
of each year. In the event said bills are not paid in full within twenty days
after the date when rendered, service shall be discontinued and thereafter no
sewer connection which has been disconnected for the non-payment of charges shall
again be reconnected for the same user until all costs incurred in the actual
physical disconnection and reconnection have been paid and all delinquent sewage
service charges have been paid to the City of Las Vegas. Payment of all bills
rendered shall be made into the City Treasury and such bills may be paid annually
in advance and provided further that no license shall be granted for the conduct-
ing of any business requiring a city license in any multiple dwelling or place of
business unless the quarterly charge for sewer service is paid in advance.

Section 5. The sewage disposal system shall be operated for the purposes
of this ordinance upon a fiscal year basis commencing on the first day of October
in each year and ending on the thirtieth day of September of the succeeding year.

There is hereby created a special fund to be known as the "Sewage
Disposal System Fund" into which there shall be paid from time to time after the
adoption of this ordinance all revenues derived from the operation of the sewer
system. So long as any of the bonds authorized by Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted
the 23rd day of April, 1948, as amended and supplemented, shall be outstanding,
either as to principal or interest, the Sewage Disposal System Fund shall be
administered as follows:

(1)	Before any monies in such fund are used for any other purpose,
all reasonable expenses of maintaining and operating the
system for such month shall be paid from such fund.

(2)	Into an account in the office of the Treasurer to be kept
separate from all other accounts and to be known as the
"Sewage Disposal Bond Fund Series May 1, 1948" (herein
referred to as the "Bond Fund") the amounts following:

(a)	Quarterly during the fiscal year commencing October
1st, 1948 one-half of the amount necessary to meet
the next maturing installment of interest on the bonds
authorized by said ordinance.

(b)	Quarterly during the fiscal year commencing October
1st, 1948 and quarterly during each fiscal year
thereafter so long as any of the bonds hereby
authorized are outstanding one-fourth of the next
maturing installment of principal falling due on
said bonds.

(3)	Any surplus remaining in said Sewage Disposal System Fund in excess
of the amount necessary to meet the provisions of Subsections (1)
and (2) of this Section 5 shall be applied as follows:

(a)	In making such extensions and improvements of the muni-
cipal sewage disposal system or additions thereto as the
Board of Commissioners from year to year considers ad-
visable.

(b)	Prior to May 1, 1953 to the purchase in the open market of
bonds authorized by said ordinance at the best price ob-
tainable, which bonds shall thereupon be cancelled, and
secondly, in the event the City is unable to purchase
bonds in the open market at a fair price to the purchase
of securities and the interest accruing thereon to be and
constitute a part of the Bond Fund.