O.	J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; Noes. None.

The Clerk then read to the Board a letter from the local Elk's Lodge requesting that the

sum of One Hundred ($100.00) Dollars be allotted to them for publicity purposes during the

State Elk's Convention to be held in this city early in July. Upon motion duly made, seconded

and carried it was ordered that the sum of One Hundred ($100.00) Dollars be allotted to the
local lodge of Elk's to be used for publicity purposes during such convention, said sum to be
drawn from the Publicity Fund of the City of Las Vegas,

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Monday, June 3rd, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock

P.	M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 3rd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 3rd day of June, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C.
German, together with the City Attorney, City Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Commissioners- Elect R. W. Thomas and L. B. Hansell, and City Clerk Elect Viola Burns were
also present.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

It appearing to the Board that W. J. Rhoads and Robert B. Griffith had been appointed as
members of the City Planning Commission, taking office on the 25th day of May, 1927, for the term
of two years, and that their said terms had expired on the 25th day of May, 1929, and it further
appearing that the Mayor should fill the vacancies caused by the expirations of said terms, the
Mayor thereupon reappointed W. J. Rhoads and Robert B. Griffith to fill the vacancies caused by
their terms expiring; the reappointments being for the term of four (4) years, expiring on the
25th day of May, 1933.

Thereupon Mrs. Viola Burns, City Clerk Elect, presented her bond for the office of said City
Clerk in the sum of Five Thousand ($5,000.00) Dollars, with F. C. DeVinney and J. M. Ullom
as sureties thereon; together with her Oath of Office. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
said bond and oath of office were approved and the Mayor was authorized to endorse upon said bond
the approval of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Further ordered that
said bond and oath be filed in the office of the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada.

Thereupon Viola Burns entered upon the duties of her office.

R.	W. Thomas, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars, with United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon; said bond having
previously been approved by E. G. McGriff, Chairman of Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, as required by law. Mr. Thomas also presented his Oath of Office. Upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried, said bond and oath of office were duly approved and ordered filed
in the office of the City Clerk.

L. B. Hansell, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon, together with
his Oath of Office; said bond having previously been approved by E. G. McGriff, Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,