BID #I-22-59

Replacement of 8" Sewer
Line with 10" Sewer Line
in Alley between Isabelle
and Sunrise

Award

BID #I-23-59

Furnishing of Type II
Aggregate

Award

USE PERMIT U-25-56
Sam Cava

Offsite Improvements
Accepted

USE PERMIT U-31-55
Jewish Community Center
Extension of Time
Approved

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS UNIT #3
Final Plat
Accepted

HOUSE MOVING

Mr. and Mrs. Murray Sanders
Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

The Board of Commissioners considered the bids received for Bid #I-22-59
for replacement of 8" Sewer Line with 10" Sewer Line in Alley between
Isabelle and Sunrise Avenue. Public Works Department recommended that
J. A. Tiberti Construction Company be awarded the contract for their
bid of $2,600.00. Two other bids were submitted, one by Longley
Construction Co. in the amount of $2800.00, and one by Ace Plumbing
and Heating Co. in the amount of $2869.00. The Engineer's Estimate
was $2282.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid #1-22-59 for replacement of 8"

Sewer Line with 10" Sewer Line in Alley between Isabelle and Sunrise
Avenue be awarded to J. A. Tiberti Construction Company in the amount
of $2,600.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

The Board of Commissioners considered the bids received for Bid #I-23-59
for furnishing of Type II Aggregate west of the Union Pacific Railroad
tracks. Public Works Department recommended that Wells Cargo, Inc. be
awarded the contract for their bid of $12,000.00, representing $1.20
per cubic yard. Two other bids had been received, one from W. M. K.
Transit Mix for $1.87 per cubic yard, and one from Gornawich Sand &
Gravel Co. for $1.45 per cubic yard.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid #I-23-59 for furnishing of Type II
Aggregate west of the Union Pacific Railroad tracks be awarded to
Wells Cargo, Inc. in the amount of $12,000.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised that the offsite improvements
installed for the Pharmacy Building located at the intersection of
8th Street and Charleston Boulevard had been completed and it was the
recommendation of the Department of Public Works that these be accepted
and the Cashier's Check in the amount of $137.72, heretofore posted by
Mr. Cava, be returned to him.

Commissioner Fountain moved the offsite improvements constructed under
Use Permit U-25-56 be accepted and Mr. Cava's check in the amount of
$137-72 returned to him.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that a revised improvement
agreement had been drawn to cover the complete installation of curb,
gutter, paving, sidewalks and street lighting, and it was the
recommendation of the Department of Public Works that the time required
for installation of all improvements be extended to January 2, 1961.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the time for the completion of offsite
improvements under Use Permit U-31-55 he extended to January 2, 1961,
pursuant to the revised agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised that the final plat for Las
Verdes Heights, Unit #3 had been checked and the subdivision agreements
and bond have been submitted. It was the recommendation of the
Department of Public Works that the final plat be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the final plat for Las Verdes Heights,
Unit #3 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that the frame and stucco single
dwelling located at 1413 North "D" Street which Mr. and Mrs. Murray
Sanders desired to move to 1225 West Van Buren had been inspected by
both the Building and Planning Departments and that the same met all
code requirements. It was the recommendation of the Department of
Public Works that a permit be granted to move this dwelling.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of Mr. and Mrs. Murray
Sanders to move a house from 1413 North "D" Street to 1225 West Van
Buren be granted.

12-16-59