VARIANCE
J. Badik

V-63-54

VARIANCE
Dr. John M.
Montgomery

VARIANCE
J. L. Young

USE PERMIT
YMCA
U-3-55

Public Hearing Set

The Board considered the application of J. Badik to vary the 20 foot rear setback
requirements to allow the conversion of an existing garage which is 6 feet from the
rear property line into a dwelling at 1928 E. Charleston.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for variance he approved subject to
adequate parking space being provided, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of February, 1955, having considered the application
of J. Badik to vary the 20 foot rear setback requirements to allow the conversion of an
existing garage which is 6 feet from the rear property line into a dwelling at 1928 E.
Charleston; subject to adequate parking space being provided; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of J. Badik
to vary the 20 foot rear setback requirements to allow the conversion of an existing
garage which is 6 feet from the rear property line into a dwelling at 1928 E. Charleston,
be approved subject to adequate parking space being provided, and the inspection
departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Sharp disqualified himself from voting, stating that he was the architect. Commissioners
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Dr. John M. Montgomery appeared before the Board applying, for a variance to construct a
doctor's office adjoining the rear of an existing single-family residence at 301 E.

Bonanza Place.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
and this variance be denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 2nd day of February, 1955; having considered the application oft
Dr. John M. Montgomery for a variance to construct a doctor's office adjoining the rear of
an existing single-family residence at 301 E. Bonanza; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
recommending that this application be denied;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. John
M. Montgomery for a variance to construct a doctor's office adjoining the rear of an
existing single-family residence at 301 E. Bonanza Place, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of J. L. Young to construct an addition
to a single-family home to which is attached an existing garage which does not conform
to the required side-yard setback at 707 Biltmore.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 2nd day of February, 1955; having considered the application of
J. L. Young to construct an addition to a single-family home to which is attached an
existing garage which does not conform to the required side-yard setback at 707 Biltmore;
and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that this
application be approved:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of J. L.

Young to construct an addition to a single-family home to which is attached an existing
garage which does not conform to the required side-yard setback at 707 Biltmore, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of the YMCA to erect a YMCA
building at the comer of North 2nd and Bonanza in an R-4 zone.

Mr. Franklin Bills said that the Board of Adjustment recommended that a public hearing
be held on this use permit.

2-2-55