$497.95	Garbage Fees

50.00	Cemetery lot sale

307.00	Fines from Municipal Court

144.00	Poll Tax

2,730.00	Materials for sewer laterals

163.25	"	" street work

6.308.42 Permits, fees and licenses.

$10,200.62	Total

Money proportioned as follows:

$6,615.42	Spread as per Journal

2,730.00	Sewer Lateral Fund

50.00	Cemetery Fund

497.95	W.S. & L. Fund

307.25	Street Fund

 $10,200.62

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the sum of $400.00 be transferred to the Library Support Fund from the General Fund and that
the monthly support to the Library be increased from $100.00 to $150.00 per month effective as of
the 1935 City Budget.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mr. H. Brockmiller appeared before the Board at its bidding to show cause if any why his
plumbing license should not be issued for the year 1935.

Mr. Brockmiller was in formed that his license must be used only with his consent, and the
fee for same must be paid to the City Clerk by 4:30 P.M. Tuesday the 5th day of February.

H. Case appeared before the Board asking said Board to provide a way that the lights used
in the building where band practise is held might be paid. He was informed that he City would
provide for the payment of the lights.

At this time a number of operators from the	various Keno and Tango parlors	in	the	City of

Las Vegas appeared before the Board asking that the	restriction on the playing of the	games be

lifted.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter and no decision being reached the meeting
recessed until the hour of 7:30 PM. of this date.

7:30 P.M.

Present all commissioners Mayor and City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be	granted. Applications being in	proper	form

and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the	same.

Ray Jesson	4 licenses	Earl Moser	2 licenses

C.M. Sikes	1	"	City Drug Store	3	"

Dave Stearns	2	"	J.R. McMichael	1	"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett German, Marble and Down and His Honor the May or
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
the the license of the Las Vegas Liquor Distributors Corp. be transferred from 120½ North 1st St.
to 830 south Main St;

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a Tavern license be granted to Arthur B. Chewning, for 120 North 1st St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the taxi licenses be granted to J.J. Foremaster, Grey Hound Taxi, and Lee Spiers. Applications
being on file with the Clerk and the required insurance policies accompanying the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners entered into a discussion on the proposed
amendments to the City Charter which would be presented to the State Legislature now in session.
After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner
Marble it was moved and carried that at least two members of the Board of Commissioners with the
City Attorney and Clerk accompany said charter amendments to Carson City, and present same to
the Clark County Deligation siting in the Senate and Assembly. Expenses of trip to be paid
by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett Marble German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At number of persons interested in "Keno" and "Tango" in the City of Las Vegas appear-
ed before the Board at this time in regard to, the manner in which the said games might be oper-
ated. After a lengthy discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner
 Marble it was moved and carried that the games both Tango and Keno operate on the same
bases, that is not having a set price for the "pot" but paying the public 85% of the money
taken in at each roll and the house maintaining 15%, and that cards must sell for a uniform
price for each and every roll of said games. Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett,

Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 8th day of February at which time the Boy Scouts of America would have a
delegation present to attend said meeting it being "National Boy Scout Week."