SEARCHLIGHT COLLEGE
Use Permit
Denied

REZONING

South 1800 Fremont & Bruce
Orvy Clark
Z-27-54

Denied

REZONING

Fremont & 25th St/

H. F. Ahmanson
Z-28-54

REZONING

Will Max Schwartz
Withdrawn
Z-30-54



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Street Names & Street Name
Changes

ENSLEY PLACE TRACT
Tentative Map Approved

DAWSON PARK
Tentative Map Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Howard Tawney President of
Searchlight College for permission to operate a correspondence school from 311
Bonnevile Avenue in an R-4 zone, as recommended by the Board of Adjustment.

Mr. Franklin Bills stated that this had been cleared by the Board of Adjustment
but was pending investigation and report by the Police Department.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Police
Department this application for a Use Permit be denied, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 15th day of September, 1954, having considered the
application of Howard Tawney, President of Searchlight College for a Use
Permit to operate a correspondence school from 311 Bonneville Avenue in R-4
zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Police Department to
deny this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Howard
Tawney, President of Searchlight College for a Use Permit to operate a correspondence
school at 311 Bonneville Avenue in an R-4 zone be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The Board considered the application of Orvy Clark to reclassify the W½SE¼SW¼SE¼ of
Section 35, T20S, R61E, from R-1 and R-4 to C-2 zoning. This property is generally
located to the South 1800 Fremont (Clark's Inn) fronting on Bruce Street.

The Planning Commission recommended that this rezoning be denied.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any protests to this rezoning; there were none.

Commissioner Jarrett then made the motion that this application to reclassify the W½
SE¼SW¼SE¼ of Section 35, T20S, R61E, from R-1 and R-4 to C-2 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The Board considered the application of Mr. H. F. Ahmanson to reclassify a portion of
the SE¼SE¼SE¼ of Section 35 which is generally located between Fremont St. and 25th
Street from R-3 to C-2 zoning. Approved by the Planning Commission Z-28-54.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be held on October 6, 1954, the next
regular meeting on this matter.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Joseph Foley appeared before the Board at this time representing Mr. Will Max
Schwartz in his application to reclassify a portion of N½SE¼ of Section 28, T20S,

R61E, which is generally located west of "H" Street on West Bonanza Road, from
R-1 to C-2 zoning. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this
be denied.

Mr. Foley stated that Mr. Schwartz had an option to purchase the property from Mr.
James A. Haggard who also has made an application to reclassify from R-1 to C-2
a portion of the N½SE¼ of Section 29, T20S, R61E, which is generally located west
of "H" Street on West Bonanza Road. This application was also denied by the Planning
Commission.

Discussion followed and thereafter Mr. Foley requested that both of these applica-
tions for rezoning be withdrawn.

City Manager Rounthwaite requested that this report on the proposed ordinance on Street
Names and Street Name Changes be held over as said report was not ready at this
time.

At this time the tentative map of Ensley Place Tract was considered.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the tentative map of Ensley Place Tract be approved
subject to the condition of placing additional lights.

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion and said motion was carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bunker. Not voting:	Mayor Baker who stated that he had an interest in

this land.

Mr. Quigley appeared before the Board at this time and requested that the tentative
map of Dawson Park be approved. Discussion was held on the securing of a right-
of-way to make St. Louis Street a through street to the Boulder Highway.

Commissioner Whipple then made the motion that this tentative map be approved subject
to the subdivider securing a right-of-way necessary to connect St. Louis Street to
the Boulder Highway.

9-15-54