546

-----0O0--------

Resolution 161

On notion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole and Carried unanimously,
the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 18th day of November, 1949,
executed by Peter and Cuba Clos to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
end that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and
intentions therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that	

the same bo recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of	

Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.	

----- oOo ------

RESOLUTION 162

Commissioner Moore moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, THE U. S. Bureau of Public Roads, acting in accordance with the provisions of the
Federal Aid Act of 1944, has directed the State Highway Department to submit recommendation
setting forth a Federal-aid Urban system of Highways for Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the Nevada State Highway Department have made a comprehensive investigation of the
Las Vegas area and as a result of their findings have recommended that at least for the present
the Federal-aid urban system for the City of Las Vegas be confined to the now existing
extensions of the Federal-aid Primary System, as such routes are set forth in the tabulation
attached to this resolution; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the public interests will be best served by designating the present
Federal-aid routes within the City of Las Vegas as the Federal-aid urban system; now,
therefore, be it

RESOLVED, that the City Council of the City of Las Vegas hereby approves the recommendations
made by the State Highway Department and the table attached hereto, which table is made a part
of this resolution.

State of Nevada	Urban area Las Vegas

Federal-aid Urban System

Route	

Number	Description	Length

030005	From a connection with Federal-aid primary route 5 at the
south urban boundary, via Fifth Street to a connection with

Federal-aid primary route 5 at the north urban boundary	3.4

O3OOO5A From a point on Federal-aid urban route O3OOO5 near the

south urban boundary, via Main Street to a connection with

Federal-aid primary route 5A at the north urban boundary.	3.0

030006	From a connection with Federal-aid primary route 6 at the
east urban boundary via Fremont Street to a point on
Federal-aid urban route O3OOO5A at the intersection of Main
Street and Fremont Street; beginning again at a point on
Federal-aid urban route O3OOO5 at the intersection of Fifth
Street and Bonanza Road to a connection with Federal-aid

primary route 6 at the north urban boundary.	5.0

030006A From a connection with Federal-aid primary route 6 at the
east urban boundary, via Charleston Boulevard and Rancho
Road to a connection with Federal-aid urban route O3OOO6
at the junction of Rancho and Bonanza Roads.	4.4

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners	

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.	

Commissioner Moore moved that the recommendations of the State Highway Department relative
to the above mentioned Federal-aid Urban System of Highways be referred to the Regional
Planning Commission for immediate consideration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.	

RESOLUTION 163

On motion of Commissioner Moore, Duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried unanimously,
the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of January, 1950, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 29th day of January,

1943, executed by Dr. William S. Park and Mary Belle Park to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the Real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the sane be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.