MINUTES



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL WARRANTS

BID NO. 50.1
 

NOTICE & DEMAND
Constance Diskin

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE

INSURANCE - Collision
Coverage on Vehicles

CHARLESTON BLVD.

Street Improvement



RELIGIOUS SERVICE ON
THE STREET

There being no further business to come before this special meeting; the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 20, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 20th day of January, 1950
was called to order at the hour of 3:10 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole; City Manager George

O. Treem, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved the Minutes of December 29, 1949, January 5, 6, 10 and 12,

1950 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1102 to 1104 inclusive in the net sum of
$27,591.28 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1896 to 1900 inclusive and 1902
in the total sum of $118,419.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Whipple.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 50.1, four 4-Door Sedans and one
Business Couple, bids were received from the following firms:

Desert Motors	Hogan & Westlake

Nevada Motors	Werner-Griffith

Howard Motors	Pat Clark Pontiac

Down Motors	Community Chevrolet

F. W. Gilman Motors            A. C. Grant

C. C. McDaniel

Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved the Notice & Demand of Constance Diskin in the amount of $7,500,00
be referred to the City Attorney for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time Mrs. Helen Manville appeared before the Board relative to the license fee
required of a Solicitor. After discussion was held, Mrs. Manville was told that if she
would secure a license for a month and then return to the Board with affidavits of her
gross earnings, expenses, etc., the matter would be considered at that time.

Mr. Charles Lee Horsey of the Southern Nevada Insurance Agents Assn, appeared before
the Board relative to their proposal for Collision Coverage on Highway Vehicles. Mr.

Horsey was informed that the City Manager was making a survey on the cost of repair
of the City Vehicles, and a decision on the above named proposal could not be made until
this survey has been completed.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the Comptroller be instructed to disregard the billing
of Thomas A. Campbell in the amount of $76.60 for Street improvements on Charleston
Boulevard on the grounds that Mr. Campbell's property is not located on this street.

Further that the City Clerk be instructed to notify Mr. Campbell of this action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker passed his
vote. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of the Foursquare Church to hold religious services
on the Streets be denied on the grounds that this constitutes a traffic hazard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.