PLANNING	Commissioner Bates moved that the communication from the Planning Board, dated

COMMISSION -	September 30, 1943, relative to the Zaugg property, be referred to the City

ZAUGG PROPERTY      Attorney.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL	Commissioner Clark moved that the Electrical Department be permitted to establish

DEPARTMENT - PETTY  a Petty Cash Fund. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 
CASH FUND	following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

 MEMORIAL HALL 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Army be permitted the use of the Memorial Hall

BOXING BOUT  	for a boxing show, October 24, 25 and 26, for $50.00 to defer expenses, on condition

that they furnish Public Liability and Property Damage Insurance on the basis of
$25,000.00 and $50,000.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

MUNICIPAL AIRPORT   Commissioner Clark moved that additional floodlights, at a cost of $75.95 be

 FLOODLIGHTS	  installed at the Las Vegas Municipal Airport. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CEMETERY	  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Purchasing Agent, Mr. Cazier, be authorized

IMPROVEMENTS	to secure figures on pipe needed for the new addition of the Cemetery and that the

work proceed on this project as funds become available. Further that grass seed
be purchased for both the old and new Cemeteries.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FIRE PROTECTION   Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioners Bates, Clark and R. H. Elser, Plumbing 
COMMITTEE	 Inspector, on a Committee to make a study of fire protection for the City of Las

Vegas, as recommended by the Board of Fire Underwriters.

PROPOSED FIRE   The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

STATION

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the fire fighting facilities of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
for the protection of the City at its present population, and

WHEREAS, in accordance with the minimum recommendations of the Board of Fire
Underwriters of the Pacific, it is desirable to construct a central fire station
and two substations for the housing of fire fighting equipment.

 	WHEREAS, on August 23, 1943, the Board considered the construction of the

central fire station on the northerly half of the block in the City Park, which
lies at the northwest corner of the intersection of Fifth Street and Stewart Avenue,
or that portion of the block on which the City Hall is located, which remains 

unimproved on the northerly side of said City Hall, and the construction of a 

substation on the triangular portion of land at the southwest corner of Eighth Street,
and Charleston Boulevard, which land was dedicated to the City at the time the plat
of the Vega Verde Addition was filed, and the construction of a second substation
on Lot 6, Block 14, Valley View Addition,

NOW, THEREFORE, Be It Resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that inasmuch as the above mentioned
properties and proposed sites of fire stations are the property of the City of
Las Vegas, that these sites be set aside for the construction of the proposed fire
stations.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CITY JAIL  	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

 	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the present police station was first constructed in 1912 and
approximately a 100% addition made in 1922. The approximate population of the
City of Las Vegas being In 1910,800 and in 1920 - 2300, and

WHEREAS, there have been certain improvements made in the building which
remains barely adequate for a town of 1940 population of the City of Las Vegas,
or approximately 8400, and

 	WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, had a population of approximately

19,500	at the present time as the result of the location of defense projects in
this area, to-wit: Basic Magnesium, Inc., Army Air Base, Manganese Ores, and the
increase in traffic on the Union Pacific Railroad, a vital war arterial,

NOW, THEREFORE, Be It Resolved, by the Board of City Commissioners, of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that application be made
to the Federal Government, through the Federal Works Agency, for financial as-
sistance to construct adequate facilities to meet the demands placed on the
Police Department of the City of Las Vegas, and