FINAL MAP
Charleston Heights
Tract No. 3

Commissioner Sharp then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with
the following result:	Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye: nays; none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Jarrett and seconded by Commissioner Sharp that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and
adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for
the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said Emergency Ordinance
at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result; Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Jarrett then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and
read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Sharp
seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance
upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its
final passage.

Commissioner Jarrett then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read
and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion. The question
being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the
following results:	Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and
adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 615.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Charleston Heights Tract No. 3 be
approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Whipple moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING
TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada	Date:	July 13, 1954

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall on the 13th
day of July, 1954, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Lasky Building

2.	Liquor Applications, 3rd Quarter of 1954

s/ C. D. Baker
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO. C. D. BAKER, Mayor, and to WENDELL BUNKER, REX A JARRETT, HARRIS P SHARP,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and GEORGE H. ROUNTHWAITE, City Manager, and
HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and
Stewart, on the 13th day of July, 1954, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the
following matters:

1.	Lasky Building

2.	Liquor Applications, 3rd Quarter of 1954

7-13-54