WHEREAS, the sewer line now existing on the northerly 10 feet of Lots 9 and
10, Block 3 of Mayfair Tract No. 1 must be relocated; and

WHEREAS, the realignment thereof will inure to the benefit of adjacent prop-
erty owners; and

WHEREAS, the City owns an easement that is no longer required for the use of
said sewer; and

WHEREAS, the Second Party has agreed to contribute to the City the sum of
$1500,00 to assist in the cost of realignment of the said sewer.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed the Second Party will pay to the
City the sum of $1500.00 for the use and purpose herein mentioned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not
voting, Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that this City join the American Municipal Assoc-
iation. He stated that various benefits could be derived from this organization
such as Federal legislation passed for cities. He explained the cost would be
$100.00 per year.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City join the American Municipal Association.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and review the assessments
and hear any objections to said assessments which maybe made on the proposed im-
provements in Assessment District No. 100-36, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 3b-

1935.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that
a petition containing 16 property owners and one letter had been filed, pro-
testing this district.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any further objections,
suggestions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assess-
ment roll. There were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this Assessment Roll No. 3b-1933 be confirmed and the
following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION CONFIRMING ASSESSMENT ROLL

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts
of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-36 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said im-
provements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in
the sums assessed according to benefits against the owners and assessable lots,
premises and property specifically benefited by such improvements and included
within such District, proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS, the said Assessment Roll was filed with the City Clerk on the
5th day of October, 1955; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said Assessment
Roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, at a recessed regular meeting held on the 29th day of December,
1955, the County Assessor, Ex-officio City Assessor, was directed to revise
and correct the said Roll; and

WHEREAS, the said correction and revision in no case resulted in a higher
assessment against any of the assessable lots within said District, but on the
contrary, resulted in a lowered assessment in most cases; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said Assessment Roil,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 4th day of January, 1936,
that Assessment Roll No. 34-1955, as revised and corrected, be and the same
hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirmation
on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Officio City
Assessor, for the placing of said assessments on the official rolls of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 4th day of January, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk	

1-4-56

AMERICAN MUNICIPAL
ASSOCIATION

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll