The Clerk then presented a petition from the residences and tax payers of the Warrdie Addition to
Clarks Las Vegas Townsite requesting said Board to gravel the crossing at fifth and Bridger street
and also the alley on Bridger street between fifth and sixth street in said City, whereupon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Farnsworth and
duly seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried it was ordered that said request be and the
same is hereby granted and the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property is hereby directed to
comply with said request, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following applications for retail saloon licenses

for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year 1917,



Jack Reynolds to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Main street in what is known as the Lincoln
Hotel.



D. Peceitto to conduct a retail liquor establishment on main street in what is known as the Union Hotel
The Hotel Nevada Mining Company to conduct a retail liquor establishment in what is known as the
Nevada Hotel situated on fement and Main street in said City.

M. Pollard to conduct a retail liquor establishment in what is know as the New Overland Hotel situate
ed on the corner of Main and fremnt Streets in said City of Las Vegas.

Fred Van Devanter to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Frement street in what is known as
the norther Hotel

Fred J. Pearce to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Fremont Street in what is known as the
Las Vegas Hotel.

Robert Schaffer to conduct a retail liquor establishment on First street in what is known as the
Charleston Hotel.

J. and L. Holcomb to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the
Colorado hotel .

Henry Squires to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the
Squires Hotel.

Gragilo and Biama to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the
old Turf saloon.

Ed. Van to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the "00" saloon
Al James to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the Arizona
Club.

Carl Wasserbach to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the
Star saloon.

D. Pecetto to conduct a whole sale liquor business in said City.

Los Angeles Brewing Company to conduct a whole sale Liquor establishment in said City.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner

Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the above licenses be and

the same are hereby granted for the year 1917. so long as the above applicants comply with all of the
laws and rules and regulations of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote upon said resolution

being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, farnsworth aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and

his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

The question of putting on special officer for a few days to inforce the Auto traffic was
and other matters relating to said City coming on before the Board it was upon motion of being duly
made and carried ordered that the Fire and Police Commissioner os said Coty be and is hereby empowered
to put on special policeman M.I. Newkirk for a period of time as he thinks necessary and for the be
interest of said City. There being no further Business before the Board it was than upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.