STREET LIGHTS

CHARLESTON VILLAGE
REZONING

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the City instruct Mrs. Love that she is to proceed to install
street lights in the Lawrence Love Tract, said work not to commence later than January 1, 1953.

Action on the proposed rezoning of Charleston Village was held in abeyance until the next
regular meeting on September 3, 1952.

LDS CHURCH PROPERTY	Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple, committee for report on the request of the LDS Church for

'	drainage from their property on North 5th Street requested additional time before reporting.

USE PERMIT-	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Richardson-Ketcham

Richardson-Kdtcham for a temporary Use Permit to establish a real estate office at 1626-28 E. Charleston, was
	presented to the Board for consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be approved
and the following resolution adopted;

#316 resolution

WHEREAS, on the 5th day of August, 1952, H.J. Richardson and Charles Ketcham filed an
application with the Regional Planning Commission for a temporary Use Permit to establish a
real estate office for the purpose of selling twenty duplex buildings at 1626-1628 East
Charleston Boulevard; and

WHEREAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
subject to the stipulation that the advertising sign be limited to a maximum of 150 square
feet and that the permit be issued only for a period of six months; and

WHEReAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 18, 1952,
recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that H.J. Richardson and Charles Ketcham be granted a Use Permit to establish a realty estate
office at 1626-1628 East Charleston Boulevard, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

USE PERMIT	The Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application

Forbes Ida	of Forbes Ide for a trailer park at 12th and Ogden.

Denied

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this
application be denied, be approved and the following resolution adopted:

#317 resolution

WHEREAS, on the l4th day of July, 1952, Forbes Ide filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for a Use Permit to operate a trailer park at 12th and Ogden; and

WHeREAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for Use Permit, at which time arguments were presented by all interested parties; and

WHEReAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the application
as they fell a trailer court at this location would be detrimental to surrounding property values
and not in keeping with the future development of the area; and

WHeRSaS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 18, 1952, recommend-
ing that such Use Permit be denied.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
the application of Forbes Ide for a trailer court at 12th and Ogden be denied, be and the same
hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Bunker.

VARIANCE APPLICATION	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Cal and Margie Henry

Cal & Margie Henry	for permission to construct a 12 unit motel at 620 Harrison was considered at this time.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that Cal and
Margie Henry be allowed a variance to construct 8 units be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

#318

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 21st day of July, 1952, Cal and Margie Henry filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for variance to build and maintain a twelve unit motel at 620
Harrison Street in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; and

WHeReAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting

the granting of said variance were received; and

WHeReAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application, limiting,
however, to a maximum of eight units with off street parking provided; and

WHeREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 18, 1952, recommending
that such variance be granted.