Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PARKING LOT LEASE	Mr. Kennedy reported that the lease with the American Legion for the parking lot

American Legion	adjacent to their property on North 2nd Street expired on April 16, 1958.

Commissioner Bunker raised the question as to whether the City was protected from
the stand point of liability under the existing lease.

The Commission requested the City Manager to have the City Attorney check the 
liability question, and contact the American Legion to see if they are interested in
continuing this lease. The City Manager was instructed to report back to the
Board at the next regular meeting.

PLANNING COMMISSION	The City Manager recommended that Keith Crawford of the Engineering Department be

Ex-Officio Member	appointed to the Planning Commission to replace the former Field Engineer Kenneth

Appointed	Hansen, who has left the employ of the City.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Keith Crawford be appointed an ex-officio member
of the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RETARDED CHILDREN	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Clark County Association for 

SCHOOL	Retarded Children to lease approximately two and one-half acres of City-owned 

Request for Lease of	property in the vicinity of 28th and Sunrise Avenue. Mr. Kennedy explained the group

City Land	required this land to erect a building to be used as a work shop for mentally 

handicapped children, and are interested in securing a lease so that funds can be
solicited for this purpose.

Discussion was held and the Commission indicated that the location of the land to
be leased by this group would depend on the amount of property sold to the School
District for the proposed Junior High School. The City Manager was requested to
contact the Clark County Association for Retarded Children and advise them of
this fact. Mr. Kennedy was also instructed to secure an over-all plan for this
area and present the matter back to the Commission.

OWENS AVENUE	The improvement of Owens Avenue from "H" Street to Cherokee Lane was next considered.

IMPROVEMENT	City Manager Kennedy reported that bids had been received from three local con-

"H" to Cherokee Lane	tractors that are equipped to do this type of work, and the lowest bid was that of

Wells Cargo Inc. in the total amount of $11,880.00. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
Engineer's estimate on this project was $12,000.00, and recommended that the purchase 
requisition to Wells Cargo be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bid of Wells Cargo Inc. for the improvement of Owens
Avenue from "H" Street to Cherokee Lane in the total amount of $11,880.00 be accepted, 
and that Purchase Requisition No. 1741 be approved and the purchase order
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLAIM FOR DAMAGE	The City Manager presented the claim of Clarence Pefley II for damages to his

Clarence Pefley II	truck on February 20, 1958 in the total amount of $152.40. Mr. Kennedy reported

Denied	that this claim had been taken care of by the Insurance Company, and advised the

Commission that this incident occurred when Mr. Pefley stopped a runaway Police
motorcycle at 5th and Bridger.

Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Clarence Pefley II in the amount of $152.40
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SLURRY PROGRAM	City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase requisition to American Bitumuls for

Purchase of Oil	52 ton of SS-2 emulsion in the amount of $1664.00 to be used in connection with

the Slurry program. Mr. Kennedy stated that there are only two companies that
can furnish this type of oil, and the American Bitumuls price is the lowest. He
also stated that requisitions for this product will be presented at practically
every meeting of the Commission while the Slurry program is being carried on.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2050 to American Bitumuls
Co. for 52,ton of SS-2 emulsion in the total amount of $1664.00 be approved, and the
purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT 	The City Manager requested approval of the Purchase Requisition when issued, to
NO. 200-20	Longley Construction Co. for the installation of the sewer in Block 6 of Boulder

BDH #4 - Block 6	Dam Homesites, Tract No. 4. Mr. Kennedy reminded the Commission that this 

improvement district was set up as a Cash Assessment District at the regular meeting 
of the Board held April 16, 1958, and recommended that the low bid of Longley
Construction Co. in the total amount of $1,493.60 be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the bid of Longley Construction Co. in the total
amount of $1,493.60 for the installation of an 8" sewer line in the alley between
Stewart and Marlin, known as Block 6 of Boulder Dam Homesites, Tract No. 4 be 
accepted, the Purchase Requisition when issued be approved and purchase order 
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-21-58