Home Guard thereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board, The Mayor appointed the
following committees towit; John. F. Miller W.S. Park, and Roy W. Martin as committee on the organization 

of a Home Guard, and the following named persons were named as Committee on Special Holiday
as follows towit; E.W. Griffith, Chairman, G.H. French, F.A. Stevens, W.H. Harkins, W.H. Pike, C.P.
Squires, John F. Miller, W.S. Park, Leo. A. Mc Namee, Roy W. Martin, and Dr. W.M. Wadleigh, said
committee, meet and devise ways and means of holding said celebration and to report back to this
Board, Tuesday April 17th at ten O'clock A.M. of said day.

There being no farther business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Tuesday April 17th A.D. 1917. at ten o'clock
A.M. of said day.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 17th, 1817.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon, W.E. Hawkins Mayor Present with Members of the Board City
Clerk and	Attorney.

At this time the Citizens Committee heretofore appointed by the Mayor of said City made there
report to the effect that they desired to hold celebration on the 1st day of May A.D. 1917. and
desired the Mayor to issue a Proclamation declaring a holiday for that day, Whereupon after
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered
that the following resolution be and the same is hereby adopted; as follows towit;

" Whereas In the Month of August 1914 The Imperial German Government Ruthlessly invaded and
destroyed the peaceful and prosperous Countries of Belgium and Serbia, without cause or provocation
and without warning;

" And Whereas, from the opening of said War until the 11th, day of April 1917, the President

of the United States, Our Congress and Our People have pursued a course of conciliation and

	

strict Neutrality, and lived up to every International Law and Treaties and in conformity with the
Course that it had pursued from its birth as a Nation Viz: to avoid when honor allowed to keep
out of European entanglements, and protect and uphold the interests of the Countries of the Western
Hemisphere from European Aggression , under a policy known as the Monroe Doctrine And Whereas,
during the said period from August 1914 to April 11th, 1917, the Imperial German Government had on
Numerous Occasions Violated the International Laws of Nations in her dealings with the United
States Government, Neutral and Friendly Nations; And Whereas The President of the United States
through his Secretary of State had entered Protest after Protest to the Imperial German Government
against those acts, but without avail:	And Whereas, During the Month of March 1917 the Imperial

German Government gave Notice to the Nations of the World, that on and after the First day of Febr-
uary 1917, she would open a Submarine war of destruction in certain zones on the ships, property
and lives of all people found therein:	And Whereas, the said Imperial German Government has 

since the said 1st day of February 1917, carried on said Submarine War according to said Notice
by sinking our ships and killing our citizens, on the Open seas and in the regular course of
trade and commerce Premediately and without warring; And Whereas, The United States Government
has during said period towit; from the Early part of August 1914 to April 11th, 1917, Used every
Honorable method to avoid War with the Imperial German Government, but with out avail: And

Whereas, from the foregoing facts We feel that every American Citizen after a careful study of the
situation must come to but one conclusion Viz; To Stand Loyally and Firmly by our Government, Our
Flag, Our Country and Our Homes; and to show to the World at large without hesitation that we are

American Citizens, not only in name but at heart, ever ready when Honor and Justice demands it to