Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; Commissioner Fountain voting no.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated he would like to appoint a Committee
to arrange for inspection of taxicabs, to see they were safe as far
as brakes, lights and equipment were concerned and also to check the
physical condition of the taxicabs, as it was his understanding
many of them were operating with faulty meters. Permission was
granted and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, appointed Commissioner Fountain
and himself to act as such Committee.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Liquor Ordinance,
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held September 16, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, Committee for recommendation.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Plumbing Code
Ordinance, which was introduced and read by title at the regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 18, 1959,
and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, Committee for
recommendation.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour
of 10:50 P.M. Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada

February 17, 1960

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 17th day of February, 1960, was called

to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

Deputy City Attorney	Sidney R. Whitmore

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Edwina M. Cole

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, called the meeting to order. The Pledge
of Allegiance was thereupon given.

Commissioner Reed Whipple gave the Invocation, at the request of
His Honor, Mayor Gragson.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, advised the Commission would defer action
on Payroll and Service and Material Warrants until later in the
meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of February 3, 1960, be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following Charitable Solicitations
Permits, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:

2-3-60 and 2-17-60

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
INVOCATION

MINUTES

February 3, 1960
Approved

CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS
PERMITS

Approved

INSPECTION OF TAXICABS
Committee Appointed

PROPOSED LIQUOR ORDINANCE
Continued

PROPOSED PLUMBING CODE
ORDINANCE

Continued

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST: