USE PERMIT
William Clark

u-17-55

USE PERMIT

A. G. Neumeyer

u-18-55

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. and
Mrs. John Sorenson for a use permit to construct a building to be used for doctors
and a medical dispensary on property situated at West Charleston between Shadow
Lane and Desert Lane (a portion of SE¼, SW¼, Section 33, T20S, R61E, MDB&M) in an
R-E zone, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the Board considered the application of William Clark for a use permit
to build a medical and professional building for offices at Charleston Boulevard
between Spencer and Bruce (Lots 1, 2, 3, & 4, Block 10, Mayfair #2 amended) in an
R-4 zone, U-17-55, as amended and approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of William Clark for a use permit be
approved subject to installation of street lights, curbs, gutters and sidewalks in
conformance with the recommendation of the Planning Commission, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of May, 1955; having considered the application of
William Clark for a use permit to build a medical and professional building for offices
at Charleston Boulevard between Spencer and Bruce (Lots 1, 2, 3, & 4, Block 10, Mayfair
#2 amended) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment, amending and
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of William Clark
for a use permit to build a medical and professional building for offices at Charleston
Boulevard between Spencer and Bruce (Lots 1, 2, 3, & 4, Block 10, Mayfair #2 amended)
in an R-4 zone, be approved subject to installation of street lights, curbs, gutters
and sidewalks in conformance with the recommendation of the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of A. G. Neumeyer for a use
permit to convert an existing multiple unit dwelling to professional offices on property
situated at 1713-15-17 East Charleston Boulevard (Lots 3 end 4, Block 7, amended map
of Mayfair Tract #2) in an R-4 zone, U-18-55, as approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted,
subject to installation of street lights, curbs, gutters and sidewalks, that this use
permit be approved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of May, 1955; having considered the application of A. G.
Neumeyer for a use permit to convert an existing multiple unit dwelling to professional
offices on property situated at 1713-15-17 East Charleston Boulevard, lots 3 and 4, Block
7, amended map of Mayfair Tract #2 in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of A. G. Neumeyer
for a use permit to convert an existing multiple unit dwelling to professional offices
on property situated at 1713-15-17 East Charleston Boulevard, Lots 3 and 4, Block 7;
amended map of Mayfair Tract #2 in an R-4 zone, be approved and the inspection departments
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of John D. Gaughan for addition of 1 Sports
Book at the Derby Sport Service, 113 South 1st Street, for the second quarter 1955 he
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of George, Chris, and Ted Tsouras, H. G.

Bittner, E. M. Craig, for a new gaming license for 2 Craps, 2 "21", 75 slots, at the
Golden Slot Bar, 22 Fremont, for the second quarter 1955; be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-4-55