or to any persons, or property whatsoever, and provided further that in
the event an under pass or over pass at such place shall hereafter be
constructed the obligation of the City herein assumed shall not relieve
the said Railroad Company from paying its propotion of the cost of said
under pass or over pass if and when the same may be constructed,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a reservation conforming to the above Re-
solution embodying the agreement of said City of Las Vegas to construct
and maintain said portion of said street on said easement may be in-
cluded in the easement granted the City by the said Railroad Company.

the above Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Down and seconded by Com-
German, and the vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German
and Down and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

At this time an ordinance entitled, "An ordinance regulating the slaughtering
of animals, and sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food and refreshments to the
public: providing for the inspection of meats and meat products to be possessed and sold in
the City of Las Vegas; prohibiting the same and possession of uninspected meats for human
food; authorizing the appointment of meat inspectors; prohibiting the sale of meat and meat
products by unlicensed establishments; and providing a penalty for the violation thereof,"
was read fora first time and ordered to be published for two weeks (two issues) in the Last
Vegas Age. Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 201 of the City of Las Vegas;

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 22nd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 22nd day of Sept. 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Down and Arnett, City Attorney A.S. Henderson, City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board of Commissioners signed bp a
number of citizens of the City of Las Vegas petitioning that Body to again license "Keno"
or similar games in the City of Las Vegas. Also an application from one F.R. Matzdorf was
presented to the Board for license to operate a "Skill Ball" or Keno game as it is commonly
known. Application was in proper form and money to cover same accompanied the application.
Said game to be operated at 127 and 129 South First Street in the building known as the Rain-
bow club.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy, the following Resolution was duly adopted:

"RESOLVED the the application of F.E. Matzdorf, for obtaining a license to operate
a gambling game called "Skill Ball" at 127 and 129 South First Street in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied
for the reason that after careful consideration being given the same by the Board,
the Board is of the opinion that public interest requires that no person, firm,
or corporation be granted a license to operate or conduct a gambling game of
Keno, Tango, or Skill Ball in said City; that such games are a source of evil,
demoralizing, detrimental to the welfare of the community, and would necessitate
an excessive amount of police protection."

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett, and
Down and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

The application of E.A. Clark for permission from the City of Las Vegas to erect a
stone ornamental fence around his property on 8th and Linden Sts. was next presented to the
Board. On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy, permission was granted
to E.A. Clark for the erection of a stone fence around his property on 8th and Lin-
den Sts. The City Clerk was directed to draw up the necessary Permit the same to be signed
by the Mayor and the City Clerk under the Seal of the City of Las Vegas, and to be signed
in turn by E.A. Clark.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Applications for transfer of the wholesale beer license for the Southern Nevada
Wholesale Corp. and the retail license of A.G. Blad were brought before the Board for con-
sideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that the wholesale license of the Southern Nevada Wholesale Corp. be transferred to
Lloyd Young, and the retail license of A.G. Blad be transferred to Earl F. Noon.

Vote on aid motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of meat producers of the city of Las Vegas and Clark County
appeared before the Board of Commissioners in regard to the passage of an ordinance regul-
ating the slaughtering of meat.