OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 3rd, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 3rd day of June, 1935 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Cragin Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down
City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by Mayor Cragin.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

H.P. Marble, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1000.00)
Dollars, with the American Surety Company as surety thereon; said bond having been approved by
Earl Davison, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County Nevada, as required
by law. Mr. Marble also presented his oath of office. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried
said bond and oath of office were duly approved and ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk.

Gene Ward, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in he sum of One Thousand ($1000.00)
Dollars, with the American Surety Company as surety thereon; said bond having been approved by
Earl Davison, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioner of Clark County, Nevada, as required
by law. Mr. Ward also presented to the Board his oath of office. Upon motion duly made seconded
and carried said bond and oath of office were approved and ordered filed in the office of the
City Clerk.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that Commissioner Down act as Chairman of the meeting.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Ward Down voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the written resignation of L.L. Arnett,

Finance Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Arnett ask that his resignation be given
immediate attention so that he might enter into his duties as the newly elected Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the resignation of L.L. Arnett be accepted.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Ward and Chairman Down voting aye.

Noes, none.

L.L. Arnett, Mayor-Elect, of the City of Las Vegas, presented his bond in the sum of One
Thousand ($1000.00) Dollars, with the American Surety Company as surety thereon; said bond having
be approved by Earl Davison, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioner of Clark County, Nevada,
as required by law. Hr. Arnett also presented his oath of office. Upon motion duly made seconded
and carried said bond and oath of office were approved and ordered filed in the office of the
City Clerk.

Thereupon Messers Arnett, Marble and Ward entered upon the duties of their offices.

Mayor Arnett presiding stated that he first order of business to come before the new Board
was the election of one of its members to the office of Mayor Pro Tem.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
Jas. H. Down, the senior member of the Board be elected Mayor Pro Tem.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Marble, Ward and Down and Mayor Arnett voting aye. Noes none.

The appointing of a commissioner to fill the unexpired term of L.L. Arnett was next brought
before the Board for consideration. On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Down it was moved and seconded by David Farnsworth be appointed to fill the unexpired term of
office caused by the resignation of L.L. Arnett.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, Ward, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Mayor Arnett appointed the Commissioners to the various departments, as follows:

Jas. H. Down	Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Light.

David Farnsworth Commissioner of Finance

H.P. Marble	Commissioner of Streets and Public Places.

Gene Ward	Commissioner of Police and Fire.

The setting of the day and hour of the regular meeting of the Commission was next brought
before the commission for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the regular meeting of this Board be held on the 4th day of each month, provided if such day fall
upon a Sunday or holiday the meeting will be held on the next secular or business day, without
notice and with out recess or adjournment being required.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble Ward, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board communications from Lent D. Upson and Pat McCarran in regard
to the City of Las Vegas securing aid from the Federal Government for the care of the unemployed
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the communications be placed on file for future reference.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.