OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 16th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 16th day of June, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of June 5th read and approved as read.

Commissioner Gilbert reported to the Board that the Recreational Board had started its summer
programme, and he as a member thereof had approved the expenditures within the budget of this department
 for the summer months.

Mayor Russell reported to the Board that he found the dispensing of gasoline from the City
pump not being properly recorded and that the barns for housing the horses during the race meets
and annual rodeos in an untidy condition.

The Clerk read to the Board a petition signed by a number of building contractors petitioning
the Board to retain W.J. Rhoads as Building Inspector.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded By Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
this petition be filed for future reference.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Malon Brown appeared before the Board and ask that the Board take steps toward establishing
streets grades in the vicinity of 11th and Bonneville Streets.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that The Commissioner of Streets, Mr. Gilbert investigate the making of grades at 11th and Bonne-
ville Streets and report back to the Board at the next meeting.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The matter of making allowances for the annual vacations for the various City employees was
considered, and on motion of Commissioner Gilbert Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the following employees of the Street Dept. be granted the following vacations:

H.O. Johnson	June 19-20-21-22 1939

R. Simpson	June 15th to 20th 1939

R.C.Coon	July 1st to 15th, 1939

H. Jameson	July	20th	to	August 5th, 1939

A. Maufas	July	15th	to	30th,	1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the following Police Officer be given annual leave:

L. Howard	July 1st to 15th, 1939

R. Owens	July	16th	to	23rd,	1939

Don Borax	July	24th	to	30th,	1939.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause, and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

0 motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that all Boards be retained as named with the exception of the Cemetery Board and the Planning
Board, and Recreation Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that A.H. Harrington and Mrs. C.C.Dimock be appointed to fill the vacancies on the City Planning
Board caused by the expiration of the terms of A.W. Ham and C.V.T.Gilbert. Said appointments to be
as of May 25th 1939 to May 25th, 1943.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the action of the Board taken on June 5th, 1939 wherein and whereby Jas. Saddler was appointed
as a member of the Recreational Board be rescinded on the grounds that the term of office of A.W.
Blackman did not terminate until June 30th 1939 not May 30th, 1939, and that Jas Saddler be appointed
to serve on the Recreational Board for the term of eight years June 30th 1939 to June 30th, 1947
filing the appointment formerly held by A.W.Blackman.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause, Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
noes, none.

Commissioner Gilbert ask that the Board go on record as approving the action of himself taken
in giving the Drumm Construction Co. permission to use water from the well at the Woodlawn
Cemetery. Mr. Gilbert stated to the Board that he had checked on the water flow and found that this
permission would not cause the city any inconvenience as there was ample water at this time.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved
and carried that permission be granted the Drumm Construction Co. to use water from the City well at
Cemetery and that the Board approve the action taken by Commissioner Gilbert in this matter.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Hoes, none.