t at the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form
and money to cover same being on file with the City Clerk:

Arnett and Graglia	23 Slot Machines

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	26 Slot Machines

T. J. Settle	4 Slot Machines

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting was recess-
ed until the 19th day of July, 1932 at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 19th day of July, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present; Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German.
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money to
cover same being on file with the Clerk:

E.P. Bihlmaier	43 Slot Machine Licenses.

J. Warren Woodard	3	"	"	"

J. Michael	1	"	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 21st day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 21st, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 21st day of July, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Thomas, German,
Mundy and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

	The application of Frank Bambino for the operation of 1 Stud Poker Table at the

Midget Club, 110 So. 1st was presented to the Board for its consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
this license be granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner German arriving after the vote was taken.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed by the Mayor to act as Police and Fire Commissioner
owning to the absence of that Commissioner and to approve bills of that department.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
Fuller Construction Co. install the electrical wiring at the pump house at the site of the new
disposal plant. Said pump house having been constructed by the Fuller Construction Co.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.