advised the Commission that the two base stations presently located in the Police and
Fire Departments will be moved to the Rehabilitation Farm and new Sewage Treatment
Plant. Mr. Kennedy further explained that provision for this conversion had been
made in the Civilian Defense Budget, and recommended that this requisition be approved .

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7792 to Motorola Communica-
tions and Electronics in the total amount of $3,388.17 be approved and the purchase
order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented a requisition for the purchase of eight mobile radio units
from Motorola Communications and Electronics, and recommended its approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisitions Nos. 8720 and 8721 in the total
amounts of $2,217.85 and $1,420.71 respectively to Motorola Communications and Elec-
tronics, be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the application of Milton Prell & Associates for a package
liquor license for The Mint located at 110 Fremont Street. Mr. Kennedy explained that
this club would like to sell miniatures at the gift shop and under the existing ordin-
ance they would require a package liquor license in addition to the tavern liquor license
they already have.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Milton Prell & Associates for a package
liquor license for The Mint, 110 Fremont Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote and declared that his firm was the architect during the construction of The Mint.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, at the hour of 8:30 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

	City Clerk	MAyor



Las Vegas, Nevada
August 21, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 21st day of August, 1957 was called to order at the hour
of 7:40 P.M., by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Consideration was given to the acceptance and release of bond on the con-
tract for the alterations and additions to the City Jail. City Manager
Kennedy requested that a special meeting be held on this matter and asked
that the Commission set a time so that the contractor and architect could
be notified to be present. The Commission instructed the City Manager to
contact Commissioner Whipple when re returned from vacation on August 26th
and set the meeting for the early part of that week.

 Works Engineer Uehling reported that the off-site improvements in connec-
tion with Variance V-40-55 granted Anderson Dairy have been completed by
Contractor Dan H. Plunkett in accordance with the agreement. Mr. Uehling
advised the Commission that curb, gutter and paving has been installed
along the north and south side of Woodlawn Avenue from North 5th Street
to the easterly boundary of the Anderson Dairy, and recommended that this
work be accepted and Mr. Plunkett's bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved as recommended by the Engineering Department the

MOBILE RADIO UNITS
Purchase Authorized

LIQUOR LICENSE
New

The Mint



CITY JAIL
ALTERATIONS &
ADDITIONS
Acceptance & Bond
Release

VARIANCE - V-40-55

Anderson Dairy

Acceptance & Bond

Release



