The rent to be charged the County of Clark shall be Two Hundred Seventy-Five
($275.00) Dollars per month, and the term of said lease shall be for two (2) years
Commencing February 15, 1958.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a public meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas shall be held on the 5th day of February, 1958, at which
meeting objections to the entering into of the proposed lease may be made by the
electors of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the following notice, to-wit:

NOTICE OF PUBLIC MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a public meeting will be held by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, on Wednesday, the 5th day of February,

1958, at the Council Chambers, City Hall, 400 Stewart Street, Las Vegas, Nevada,
at which time the Board will consider a lease for two years with the County of
Clark for certain land commonly known as the Huntridge Fire Station, at a rental
of Two Hundred Seventy-Five Dollars ($275.00) per month, commencing February 15,
1958.

All persons interested are hereby notified to appear at the time and place
above mentioned.

DATED:	January 8, 1958

City Clerk

by published in a newspaper of general circulation published in the City of Las
Vegas, and such notice shall be published not less than twice, on successive
days, the last publication to be not less than seven (7) days before the date
of the said public meeting.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of 
Commissioners is hereby authorized and directed to publish the said notice in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a newspaper of general circulation in Clark County,

Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TRAFFIC ISLAND	Mr. Kennedy presented the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking Commission

2nd & Charleston	for the installation of a Traffic island on South 2nd Street, where Charleston,

	Boulder and 2nd Street intersect. The City Manager advised that this installation 

would cost approximately $400.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be approved and the island 
installed at the intersections of South 2nd, Boulder and Charleston Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BATCH PLANT	The City Manager requested approval of a Work Order to build a Batch Plant to be

used in connection with the Slurry Program for this year. Mr. Kennedy stated
that it is estimated that by having our own Batch Plant the City will save 
approximately $6,000.00, and that the cost of this plant will be $3,170.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a Work Order be authorized in the amount of $3,170.00
to build a Batch Plant for the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE OF WOODS	Mr. Kennedy requested approval of a purchase order to Wells-Cargo to purchase a

MIXER	Woods Mixer. The City Manager stated that there is a need for this equipment for

the road-mix program, and we can buy the mixer for $1200.00 which can be repaired
at a cost of approximately $425.00. He stated that a new mixer costs approximately
$20,000.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the purchase order to Wells-Cargo in the amount of
$1200.00 for a Woods Mixer be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWAGE TREATMENT	Mr. Kennedy asked for approval of a purchase order to transfer $38,000 to the

PLANT	Sewage Treatment Plant Fund.

Fund Transfer

	Commissioner Whipple moved that a purchase order for transfer of $38,000 to the

Sewage Treatment Plant Fund be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REDUCTION OF	The City Manager presented the request of Caroline Van Horn for reduction of the

SOLICITORS LICENSE	solicitors license fee to allow her to solicit for the sale of fire extinguishers.

Denied	Mr. Kennedy reported that there are at least five business concerns in the City

that are licensed to sell fire extinguishers.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Caroline Van Horn for reduction of the
solicitors license fee to sell fire extinguishers be denied.

1-8-58