City this 18th, day of April A.D. 1913.	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Seal )

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City ClerK, of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I received the above notice from the Mayor
Hon. Peter Buol and that I made service of the above notice on each and every one of said Commiss-
ioners as per said ordered of the Mayor, on this 18th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 18th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Filed this 19th, day of April 1913.	Harley A. Harmon City ClerK.

Peter Buol then presented to the Board a plat of the Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas
for the approval of the Board. The same was referred to the City Attorney for his opinion as to
whether or not the same was prepared in accordance with the law, and he reported that there was
objection to same. Upon motion of Mc Govern and duly seconded by Commissioner Stewart it was
resolved, that the plat of the Wardie addition to the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby
approved, and that the approval of this Board be engrossed upon said plat by the signature of
the Commissioners of this City and of the Mayor thereof, attested by the signature and seal of
the ClerK. The vote on said resolution being as follows: Commissioners Stewart, aye, Coughlin
aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, Noes, None. the Mayor Peter Buol did not vote.

The Board having completed its business for which it was called together by the Mayor it
was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 7th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 7th, day of May A.D. 1913. Present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel Mayor Protem with
Commissioners J.J. Coughlin, and W.J. Stewart the Clerk of said Board and City Attorney present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting of the Board read and approved as read, reports of
officers read and approved as read with the exceptions of the Sewer Inspector who was instructed
to file an itemized report of all fees collected by him.

At this time the Clerk placed before the Board the report of Special Auditor A.S. Henderson
for there consideration said report meeting the approval of the Board it was upon motion of
Coughlin and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that said report be accepted placed
on file and that Auditor A.S. Henderson be extended a vote of thanks. the vote on said resolution 

being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem
voting aye. Noes None.



At this time the Committee on Roads and streets of the Chamber of Commerce of the City of Las Vegas
appeared before the Board regarding the grading and fixing of said streets, and after a through

discussion by the Board and members of said Chamber of Commerce Committee it was finally
ordered by the Board that the matter of grading of streets in said City be laid over for the
Newly elected Board to take charge of said. work, as owing to the short time that this
Board will be in office they would not have time to complete said work.

At this time Commissioners of Light's J.J. Coughlin reported to the Board that he taken up
the matter of putting Light's in the alleys in the business section of said City with the
Consolidated Telephone and Power Company and that said Company would put up and install said
lights for the City of Las Vegas to be burned all night for the sum of $1.25 per month for

each light, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter