298

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Donald C. Peel, Charleston
Inn, 17 W. Charleston Boulevard for a retail restaurant beverage license for
the fourth quarter of 1948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye: noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of C. V. T. Gilbert, Gilbert Bros.

Gilbert Bros	Grocery, 314 Bonanza Road for a Sealed Package Miniature liquor license for the

fourth quarter of 1948 in place of the Retail Package Liquor license, be granted
y	when the liquor department is partitioned off as a separate unit from the grocery

store.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS At this time the following applications for retail tavern liquor licenses were presented
Denied	to the Board for their consideration:

Club Ebony	Boysie Ensley	409 Van Buren

Turf Saloon	V. M. Benson	203 North 1st

	Turf Saloon	Sidney C. LeRitz	203 North 1st

Turf Bar	Moe Taug	115 South 1st

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing applications for retail tavern
liquor licenses for the fourth quarter of 1948 be denied by reason of the resolution
adopted by the Board of City Commissioners on March 28, 1946 which limits the number
of liquor licenses issued according to population.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following applications for renewal of gaming licenses for the fourth quarter of

1948, new applicants, were presented to the Board for their consideration:

Charleston Inn	Donald C. Peel	17 W. Charleston	3 slots

Cut Rate Liquor Store	Walter Mills	132 South 5th	3 slots

Fremont Drug	A. T. Sharp & Harvey Parvin 6ll Fremont	7 slots

Nevada Biltmore	Nevada Biltmore Hotel Corp.

Harold T. O'Hara	600 North Main	10 slots

	Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing applications be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following applications for renewal of gaming license for the fourth quarter of 1948,
4th Qr. Renewals	change of name of business, were presented to the Board for their consideration:

Change of Name

Vada's Cafe	Nevada Cutright	1519 South Main	3	Slots

	Val's Cafe	Gordon Potter	727 South 5th	3	slots

Howard's Service	Vegas Enterprises	l501 Fremont	2	slots

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing applications be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent; Mayor Cragin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of William Elwell, Hotel Elwell, 1st
4th Qr. - New	at Carson for one "21" game for the fourth quarter of 1948 be granted.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye: noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Cragin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following applications for renewal of gaming license for the fourth quarter of
4th Qr. Renewals 1948 were presented to the Board for their consideration:

Place	Operator	Address	Type



Ace Bar	Robert Kroloff

Ace Hi Garage	L. D. Tunnell

Adams Grocery	Claude Adams

Aero Service Station	0. T. Rast

All Nite Market	Ruth E. Cannon

Amos Signal Service	Harry S. Amos

Apache Hotel	Silvagni Estates Co