Commissioner Fountain moved the United Pacific Insurance Company Bond No.

265390 posted by William Peccole, et al on the Town & Country Shopping
Center be released, subject to the owners of this property generally located
on East Charleston Boulevard, between Burnham and the Southern Nevada Power Co.
Easement, enter into an agreement to install improvements and dedicate thirty
(30) additional feet on Burnham Avenue as suggested, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign said agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

MAIN STREET LIGHTING 	The City Manager reported that petitions have been received for the installation
DISTRICT	of a street lighting system on Main Street from Carson to the North City limits.

Resolution	Mr. Kennedy stated that these petitions have been checked and it is believed

there are sufficient signers to create an assessment district for this improvement.

Thereafter Commissioners Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has
been and still is without adequate street lighting facilities; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following street be 
improved by the installation of adequate street lighting;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day of July, 1958,
that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with
the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the work, the locality to be improved,
together with the estimates of cost for the installation of street lighting on
the following described street and part of street:

Main Street from the intersection of Carson Avenue, northerly
to the North City limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

OIL DISTRIBUTOR	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition to Blystone

Replacement Motor	Equipment Co. in the amount of $1128.00 for the purchase of a replacement motor

for the oil distributor.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the purchase requisition to Blystone Equipment in
the total amount of $1128.00 for the purchase of an oil distributor motor be 
approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

EFFLUENT DITCH	The City Manager requested approval of a purchase requisition to Espy Brothers

Dragline	for a dragline at an estimated cost of $4140.00 to excavate the effluent ditch

located in the NE¼ of Section 15.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager's recommendation be accepted and 
Purchase Requisition No. 2484 to Espy Brothers for a dragline at a total estimated
cost of $4140.00 be approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ROAD OIL -	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition to Douglas Oil

Purchase Approved	Company for the purchase of 50 tons of M-C-2 to be used on Bonanza Road from

Noble Lane to Nellis Boulevafd. Mr. Kennedy stated the cost of this oil will
be $1687.50

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2137 to Douglas Oil
Company for 50 tons of Road Oil to be used for the improvement of Bonanza Road
from Noble Lane to Nellis Boulevard, be approved in the total amount of $1687.50,
and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

PAY & CLASSIFICATION 	City Manager Kennedy reported at this time on the proposed Pay Plan and 
PLANS	Classification Study, and recommended adoption as presented, with the following changes

Adopted	to the Pay Plan:

1. Fire Department:

Position	Schedule

Fire Chief	42

Assistant Chief	36

Battalion Chief	34

Captain	32

Engineer	29

Fireman	27

7-2-58