He stated that the Salvation Army had planned a capital campaign but set that aside due
to the organizing of the United Fund Drive. They have not been successful in raising these
 funds and they have contacted the Housing Authority and this building has been made available.
He requested the City to give the Salvation Army a long-term lease on the property located
north of Bonanza Road and West of the railroad tracks.

Bud Swanson again spoke to the Commission stating that the United Fund officials had met
with the Salvation Army and the Housing Authority who has offered to donate the recently
vacated nursery building now located in Kelso Turner. What they would like to know is if
it would be possible for the facilities of the City, in conjunction with the County, to move
and set up this building for the Salvation Army Shelter. He further stated that he felt they
could get sufficient support from the labor organizations to do the necessary work to bring
the building up to code once it is relocated. He stated the United Fund would be able to
furnish the money to buy the necessary materials that will be needed.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that he had seen this building which they propose to
have moved only from a distance and it was his opinion that it would cost between two and
three thousand dollars to bring it up to code after it is moved. He further stated that
the City does have the type of equipment necessary to move the building and he did not know
what the County might have.

After some discussion it was the opinion of the Commission that the Salvation Army Shelter
serves a very worthwhile purpose and that the City should participate in some way to help
with this project, and this matter was referred to the City Manager for investigation and
report as to the cost of moving the building and bringing it up to code and preparation of
the suggested long-term lease for the new site of the building.

RELEASE OF PRISONER	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Charles V. Main, Chief of Police, Frederick,

Larry Lord Matherwell	Maryland, to the Chief of Police in Las Vegas, requesting the release of Larry Lord Motherwell,

	to his custody, in order that he might be returned to Frederick, Maryland, to stand trial on

Authorized	the charge of murder.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign the letter authorizing the
release of Larry Lord Motherwell to Charles V. Main, Chief of Police, City of Frederick,
Maryland.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 8:40 P.M.

Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

^	Las Vegas, Nevada

February 4, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 4th day of February, 1959, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Calvin Cory

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

Absent:	Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that Regular Payroll Warrant Nos. 31380 - 31903 for the pay

period January 16 - January 31, 1959 in the net amount of $78,536.04; and Overtime Payroll
Warrant Nos. 31904 - 31998 for the pay period January 1 - January 15, 1959 in the net
amount of $1,404.30, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Service and Material Warrants Nos. 4181 - 4332 in the

WARRANTS	amount of $41,442.52, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of January 21, 1959, be approved by reference and

that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

1-21-59	& 2-4-59