At this time the Commission considered the application of Jack Staggs, Grant Stewart
and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for permission to construct a medical center on Lots 4 to
12 and Lots 20 to 30, Block 1, Woodland Park Addition. The public hearing on this
application had been held on September 7, 1955 and the matter taken under advisement.

Mr. Jack Staggs was present and advised the Commission that they had secured signa-
tures of 23 property owners who favored the installation of this medical center as
compared with 16 or 17 who were protesting, all within the 300 foot area.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jack Staggs, Grant Stewart
and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for a variance to construct a medical center on Lots 4-12
and Lots 20-30, Block 1, Woodland Park Addition be approved subject to installation
of all off-site improvements in accordance with City specifications, and the follow-
ing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
recessed regular meeting on the 28th day of September, 1955; having considered the
application of Jack Staggs, Grant Stewart and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for a variance
to construct a medical center on Lots 4-12 and Lots 20-30, Block 1, Woodland Park
Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Jack Staggs,

Grant Stewart and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for a variance to construct a medical center
on Lots 4-12 and Lots 20-30, Block 1, Woodland Park Addition be approved subject to
installation of all off-site improvements in accordance with City specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote and advised the Commission that his firm drew the preliminary plans
on this project.

At this time the Land Use Plan for the Bonanza Road Area, heretofore presented and
public hearings held, was considered.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Land Use Plan for the Bonanza Road Area as
recommended by the Planning Commission be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



	City Clerk 	Mayor

-

				Las Vegas, Nevada
				October 5; 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 5th day of October, 1955; was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	C. H. Kennedy

At this time Mr. Thomas Bibbs owner of the Baby Beef Cafe at 4l6 West Bonanza
Road appeared before the Commission to show cause why his Restaurant Beverage
Liquor License should not be revoked for permitting the sale of beer and wine
at 4l6½ West Bonanza known as the Hideway, without obtaining a license. Sgt.

Wayne McDorman and Acting Chief Ray Sheffer of the Police Department advised the
Commission that this beer bar had been opened and operated without application
to the License or Police Departments for the proper license.

Mr. Bibbs stated that it was his plan to enlarge and make available a dining
room at the 4l6½ West Bonanza location, and was not aware that he was in violation
of the ordinance when he commenced selling at this address. He further stated
that he had not sold any beer or wine since notification from the City.

Mr. Bibbs was advised that he should contact the Building, License and Police
Departments to ascertain what requirements were necessary to operate at 4l6½

VARIANCE

Staggs, Stewart &
Swartzfager

V-31-55

LAND USE PLAN
BONANZA ROAD AREA
	Adopted

BABY BEEF CAFE
	 Beverage License