OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. OCTOBER 19th, 1929.

SPECIAL MEETING. Present: Mayor Pro. Tem. O. J. Smith, Commissioners

German, Hansell, Thomas, and City Attorney and Clerk.
Absent: Mayor J. F. Hesse.

CALL.	

To Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

I hereby call a meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be
held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada on Saturday the 19th day of October 1929, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters, to-wit:

1.	To receive, and act upon estimates, plans and specifications as to additional, and new
street improvement work in the said City and to order notice to be given of the intention to

make such improvements.

2.	To consider and act upon the application for gambling license to one Woo Woget.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

O.J. Smith.

Mayor Pro. Tem. of the City of Las Vegas.

To— O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro. Tem. L. B. Hansell, O.J. Smith, R. W. Thomas, and W. C.
German, Commissioners:

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by

O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro. Tem. in the absence of J. F. Hesse Mayor from the City of Las Vegas a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will be held at the
Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, on Saturday the 19th day of October, 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
the consider, and act upon the following matters, to-wit:

1.	To receive and act upon estimates, plans, and specifications as to Additional, and
new street improvement work in the said City and to order notice to be given of the intention
to make such improvement.

2.	To consider, and act upon the application for gambling license to one Woo Woget.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 19th day of October 1929.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned, hereby acknowledge due notice of a meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board on Saturday
the 19th day of October 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon matters
as pacified in the call and notice of said meeting, and we hereby represent that J. F. Hesse,
Mayor of said City is on this date absent from the State of Nevada and that his whereabouts
cannot be easily ascertained in order that notice of this meeting can or could be served upon

O.J. Smith	L. B. Hansell

Mayor Pro. Tem.	Commissioner.

W. C. German                            R. W. Thomas.

Commissioner	Commissioner.

The gaming application of one Woo Weget as layed over, and the Clerk directed to	

have a new application filled out, and presented to the Board.

The matter of the new street improvement was next brought before the Board. After
consideration the following Resolutions were duly adopted.

At this time Street Supt. King presented to the Board the estimates of cost, plats
and diagrams for the purposed improvement of asphaltic concrete pavement, Durite process, on
the following streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, as follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Main Street from Fremont Street to Garces Street.

First Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Second Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Third Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Fourth Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Lewis Street from Main Street to Fourth Street.

Clark Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bonneville Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Garces Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

In South Addition.

Garces Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.
and also estimates of cost, plats and diagrams for the proposed improvement of Hydraulic Cement
Concrete curb and gutter and rough grading for street improvements in the City of Las Vegas
on the same streets and portions of streets.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, it was Resolved
as follows:

Resolve that the estimates of cost for the following streets and portions of
streets and plats and diagrams in connection with same for:

1. Proposed improvement of asphaltic concrete pavement, Durite Process,

2. Proposed improvement of hydraulic cement concrete curb, and gutter and rough

grading,

all on the streets and portions of streets as follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Main Street from Fremont street to Garces Street

First Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Second Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Third Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Fourth Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Lewis Street from Main Street to Fourth Street.

Clark Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bonneville Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Garces Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.