WHEREAS, his services to the Housing Authority and to the City of Las
Vegas have revealed his commendable qualities as an individual, as a technician,
and as a devoted servant to efficient and responsible local government;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of October, 1955;
that BERKELEY L. BUNKER be informed of our regret of his resignation, of our in-
terest in his success, and of our confidence in his abilities to serve in his
future capacity in an excellent and faithful manner.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVES that he be commended and thanked for his unselfish
public service and that a copy of this Resolution be spread on the Minutes of
the meeting of the Board of Commissioners and a copy of said Resolution be forwarded
to Honorable Berkeley L. Bunker.

DATED this 20th day of October, 1955.



Mayor Pro Tem 

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Fountain, Bunker, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Leonard Fayle to move a storage building
located at 323 West Bonanza Road 14 feet north of the present location to permit
the construction of a spur track by the Union Pacific Railroad Company, be approved
and the Building Department authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Sharp, Bunker and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that all bids received for the Wildcat Lair Building be
rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the City Attorney discussed the matter of the service of the Southern
Nevada Telephone Company to the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Cannon explained that under
the existing franchise if the Board determined that service has not been given that
the permit can be revoked. Or, the Commission could request the Public Service
Commission to hold a public hearing on the adequacy of service.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Southern Nevada Telephone Company be requested
to appear at the next regular meeting on November 2, 1955 to show the Board what
they have done and what they are doing to improve the telephone service, and if they
cannot give satisfactory evidence of attempting to provide such service and Improve
the same that the City protest to the Public Service Commission and request that
they hold a public hearing for the Southern Nevada Telephone Company to show cause
why their license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The award of Bid No. 55.19 for the furnishing of mobile radio equipment was held
until the next regular meeting of the Commission on November 2, 1955*

At this time Mr. Milton Bardy, owner of the Lido Bar at 107 North 1st Street
appeared before the Commission and requested that he be permitted to reopen his
tavern, the same having been closed on October 7; 1955 because his check for
license fees was returned by the bank.

The Board advised Mr. Bardy that this was the second time he had appeared for the
same reason.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the tavern liquor license of Milton Bardy at
the Lido Bar, 107 North 1st Street be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Edgar Hammond be appointed as Commissioner of
the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas for the unexpired term of Berkeley
L. Bunker, said term being until June of 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

BUILDING TO BE MOVED
Leonard Fayle

WILDCAT LAIR BUILDING
Bids Rejected

TELEPHONE SERVICE
To Appear at Next
Meeting

BID NO. 55.19
Radio Equipment

LIDO BAR

Liquor License Revoked