Commissioner Bates moved that the City approve the
action of the Planning Commission relative to
Zoning Case No. 4, thereby allowing the residential
property at 2040 West Bonanza Road to be used as a
guest ranch provided no commercial or business us of
any type other than a guest house be permitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of C. R.
Thomas for a Retail Beverage License at Tillie's Cafe,

1039 South Main Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City Com-
missioners accept all of Lot 1 and that portion of
Lot 2, Block 2, as recorded in Huntridge Tract No. 2
and Lot 2, Block 2, Huntridge Tract No. 1, as recorded
in the County Recorder's Office for a fire station site.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following Notice of
of Intention to vote on a resolution to secure an emergency
loan be approved and that said Notice of Intention be
published in the "Review-Journal".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TILLIE’S CAFE 
BEER LICENSE

FIRE STATION SITE	

EMERGENCY LOAN APPLICATION

ZONING CASE NO. 4
G. A. Morehouse and
Gertrude Morehouse
2040 West Bonanza Road

      NOTICE OF INTENTION TO VOTE
ON A RESOLUTION TO SECURE
AN EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS there is a great necessity and emergency for the securing of cash to
continue the program for repair and maintenance of streets within the confines of the
City of Las Vegas during the remaining portion of 1944, and

WHEREAS the 1944 Budget of the City of Las Vegas does not have adequate funds
to meet the necessary expenditures for the maintenance and repair of said streets, and

WHEREAS the delay of repair and maintenance to such streets will be unwise and
uneconomical, and

WHEREAS the only method of supplying funds to do this work is through an
emergency loan;

IT IS THE INTENTION OF THE Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, to declare the existence of a great necessity and emergency to meet
the payroll and expenses necessitated by the existence of the need for such repairs and
maintenance of the streets of the City of Las Vegas, and to request the State Board of
Finance of the State of Nevada to grant to the City of Las Vegas authority to make an
emergency loan of Twenty-five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00.), or whatever part thereof the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deem necessary or expedient to borrow,
at an interest rate not to exceed eight percent (8%) per annum; and to provide, in the
subsequent annual budgets of the City of Las Vegas, for the repayment thereof, both principal
and interest, in accordance with the provisions of the Statutes of the State of Nevada.

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to vote on the adoption of the aforementioned resolution on the seventh day of September,

1944 at the Chambers of the City Commission in the City Hall at Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada at 2.30 p.m. on such date, at which time any person or persons wishing to object
to the adoption of said resolution are Invited to appear and voice such objection.