and put up in the office of the City Clerk.

The question of fire limits coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and

carried ordered that the Mayor appoint a committee of three to look into the question of fire limits
for said City, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, McGovern, aye Stewart aye.
Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, there after the Mayor appointed the following
Committee, towit:- City Attorney, Commissioners Stewart, and McGovern.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing on the Franchise asked for by the
Consolidated light and Power Company to manufacture gas in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and lay
and install gas mains and pipes in and through the streets and alleys of the said City, Frank A.

Clark representing said Company appeared before the Board and presented the matter in full, A.W.
Jurden and H.M. Lillis Citizens of said City addressed the said Board relative to said natter.

The purposed ordinance was read in full to the Board the question of adopting said ordinance
upon the first reading came on before the Board and upon motion of McGovern and seconded by
Coughlin it was resolved: as follows towit:- " It appearing to the Board that a necessity exists
for submitting the ordinance relating to a gas franchise to a vote at this meeting upon the first
reading thereof it is hereby resolved that such necessity exists and hat the said ordinance be
submitted for vote thereon at this meeting ". the vote on said resolution be as follows towit:-
Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Thereupon the said ordinance as the same appears in the ordinance book of the City of
Las Vegas, to which reference is hereby made was duly adopted upon the motion of McGovern and
seconded by Von Tobel and upon the following vote, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart aye.

Von Tobel aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, . Upon motion duly made and carried the Board

adjourned untill the next regular meeting