OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA:
JUNE 15th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 15th, day of June 1936 at the hour of Seven o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor L. L. Arnett, and Commissioners Jas. H.
Down, David Farnsworth, H. P. Marble and M. E. Ward, City Attorney Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy
City Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

At this time a bill for $1324. 04 was presented to the Board by A. C. Grant for the
purchase of one ford truck to be used by the street department for a combination sprinkler and
oil sprayer. Mr. H. P. Marble at this time stated that he was in no way financially interested
in the sale of such truck or the monies derived from such sale, and the bill was allowed and
ordered payed.

A Letter from Dr. F. R. Mildren City Health Officer was next read. This letter was in
the form of a report covering conditions of the People's Packing Plant located on the Old Ullom
Ranch. Dr. Mildren stated in his report that the People's Plant was yet in no condition to
receive a permit to operate a slaughter house within the City Limits and that said plant had not
yet come up to the required sanitary conditions.

A delegation of representatives from the Woodland Park Tract in support of a petition
recently filed with the City Clerk, then asked the board to consider a new zoning ordinance,
wherein all of the Woodland Park Tract together with that portion of the Old Ullom Ranch where now
is situated the People s Packing Plant be rezoned and the same be made a residential district.
After some discussion on the matter with those present representing the inhabitants of that dis-
trict, a motion was made by Commissioner Marble and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, that the
City Attorney be instructed to proceed to draw up such a new zoning ordinance governing this
district and make same a residential district only. Vote on the same being Commissioners Down,
Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None.

The New City Meat Ordinance No. 219 was then read for the Second time and adopted by
the following Vote, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye., Noes None

The question as to the advisability of collecting the balance due from Dr. R. W. Martin
still due on Fremont Street improvements was then discussed, and after going over the matter
a motion was made by Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Down, that the City Attorney
be authorized to collect all unpaid balances still due on Fremont Street improvements, vote being
Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None

A new Member to fill the vacancy of Mrs. C. D. Breeze on the City Planning Board was
then gone into and after due consideration, Commissioner Marble suggested that the Mayor contact
the presidents of the various service clubs of the City with an idea of making a selection to
fill such vacancy. The matter was left in his hands to dispose of.

The next question to come before the board was in regards to the purchasing of certain
lots adjoining the proposed underpass of Clark Avenue with the Railroad crossing. After some dis-
cussion on the matter on motion by Commissioner Marble, Seconded by Commissioner Down the
following resolution was acted upon:

WHEREAS, it appearing to the Board that certain land, to-wit:

Situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, described as

follows:

Lots Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7) and Eight (8), in block Two (2), and

Lots Three (3), Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7), and Eight (8) in Block

Thirty - three (33) of Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite, as shown by map there-
of on file in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1 of Plats,

Page 17,

is necessary for the use of the City to Construct City Barns and other municipal purposes and
uses, and

WHEREAS, the said land has been offered to the City by the other thereof, Golden
West Oil and Refining Company, for the sum of Three Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars,
and

WHEREAS, it appearing to the Board that the said price is a reasonable one and that
the said property should be purchased at such price for the use and benefit of the city,
now therefore

IT IS ORDERED that the said land be purchased for the use and benefit of the City
at said price, and

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the City's check in the sum of Three Thousand ($3,000.00)

Dollars be drawn to the Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company, to be paid by the said Pioneer

Title Insurance & Trust Company to Golden West Oil and Refining Company, upon delivery to the

City of a good and sufficient Grant, Bargain and Sale deed, together with title insurance

in the sum of Three Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars showing the said property to be vested in the

City of Las Vegas and to be free and clear of all encumbrances, except patent reservations,

and that the Mayor and City Clerk be, and they hereby are, directed to transmit the said check

to the said Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company with the annexed letter of instructions.

as follows:	

June 15th, 1936

Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company
Las "egas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

We hand you herewith the check of the City of Las Vegas in the Sum of Three
Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars.

You will please dispose of this sum as follows:

Golden West Oil and Refining Company, a corporation, has agreed to deliver to you
for the City's account a Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed conveying to the City of Las Vegas the
following described property: