OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 25th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 25th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Thomas, and German and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

Mr. Webster L. Benham was present and the Board at this time discussed the possibility
of holding and election in the near future for the bonds needed to cover the cost of in-
stalling a sewer system and plant in the City of Las Vegas. No decision was reached at this
time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 27th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERk, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 27th day of May, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German and Smith, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

At this time the Board considered the matter of holding an election for the purpose
of voting on bonds for the installation of a sewer system and disposal plant for the City.

No decision was reached.

Mr. James Squires appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of Roy Grimes
and partners for a reconsider action of license to be operated under at Lorenzi Park Resort which was 

rejected Apr. 17, 1931. No action taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 29th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 29th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 29th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved as read.

At this time a number of citizens appeared before the Board and urged said Board to
grant other gaming licenses besides those already in operation. Among those addressing the
Board were; Roy Grimes, James Squires, and John Miller. Mr. A.E. Cahlan appeared before said
Board recommending that no other gaming licenses be granted at this time.