City Engineer Wade reported that the bids for the Street Repair Contract had
been checked, and it was recommended that the low bid of Wells Cargo be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid of Wells Cargo Co. on Bid No. 57.9 for the
Street Repair Contract in the total amount of $17,456.00 be accepted, and the Mayo
and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mayor Baker announced that the Clerk had received a request from Jimmie Baker
to withdraw from his candidacy for Municipal Judge in the forthcoming Primary
Election on May 7, 1957. The Clerk was instructed to delete Mr. Jimmie Baker's
name from the list of candidates for Municipal Judge on the ballot for the Pri-
mary Municipal Election.

Consideration was given to the application of the Veterans of Foreign Wars
for a Club Liquor license at 705 North 5th Street, presented by George Harmon,

Post Commander.

The Commission was advised that Harold Knox, an employee of the City who has
previously been investigated by the Police Department, is a member of the Board
of Directors of the VFW and permanent House Chairman.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of the Veterans of Foreign Wars
for a Club Liquor license at 705 North 5th Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license to the VFW in the name of
Harold Knox, Permanent House Chairman.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application for the addition of the following
persons to the licenses of Canosa Inc., doing business as the Lucky 13:

Carolyn Lurie
Harry Coleman
Allen Dubin

Commissioner Fountain moved the addition of the above-listed partners to the
licenses of Canosa Inc., dba Lucky 13, 13 Fremont Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.'

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of L. S. Anderson for a gaming license
for one slot machine at Andy's Mobile Service, 200 North 5th Street be approved
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming
licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the licenses:

GOLDEN NUGGET,	INC.	By: C. C. King	129 Fremont	1	Craps

EL RIO CLUB	By: Clayton B.	Mar	1670 G St.	1	Craps

NEW PIONEER CLUB	Milton Prell	Fremont	6	Slots

CINNABAR	O. W. Glenn	122 No. 2nd	1	slot

CRAINS CAFE	Del Barkhuff	1617 Fremont	2	slots

RANDAL CAFE	Rancho Coin Mach.

Wendell Tobler	1321 North E	1	slot

DESERT DRUG STORE	Ditto	603 Van Buren	2	slots

ECONOMY ICE & FUEL CO.	Ditto	422 W. Jefferson	1	slot

RED X DRUG STORE	Ditto	l4l8 So. 5th	3	slots

LOUISIANA CLUB	Ditto	601 Jackson	8	slots

NEVADA CLUB	Robert Van Santen	105 Fremont	112	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Z. L. Enterprises for additional
license for one "21" game and one Poker Table at the Louisiana Club, 601
Jackson be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Marjorie Brander for license for
2 slot machines at the Glenn Vegas Motel, 2233 South 5th Street be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the Boulder Club Partnership,

Second Operation for gaming license at the Boulder Club, 118 Fremont, approved
at a meeting held on April 11, 1957, for 104 slots, 3 Craps, 5 "21", 1 Roulette,

1 Faro, 1 Bridge, 2 Pan and 3 Poker. The Commission was advised that since the
April 11th meeting the Boulder Club Partnership wished to amend the application
adding 3 slots machines, 1 Race Horse Book and deleting one (1) "21" game.

Thereafter, Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Boulder Club
Partnership, Second Operation for gaming license at the Boulder Club, 118 Fremont,

BID NO. 57.9
Street Repair
Contract

CITY ELECTIONS
Candidate
Withdrawal

LIQUOR LICENSE
New

Veterans of Foreign
Wars

GAMING LICENSES
Addn of Partners
Lucky 13

New

Louisiana Club

Change of Owner

GAMING LICENSE
Change of Owner
Boulder Club