Commissioner Sharp moved, the application of Louis Miranti for rezoning from
R-1 to R-3 of Blks 6,7, 19 and. 30 of Las Vegas Square Subdivision, be con-
tinued until December 21, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the application of Gladys Smith et al, for the re-
zoning of the N½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, from R-E to
R-1, which was continued from the meeting of November 16, 1955. Director of
Planning Franklin J. Bills reported that the applicants had signed an agree-
ment to put in the curbs, gutters and paving in this area.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Gladys Smith for rezoning from
R-E to R-1 of the N½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on the appeal of William Clark of
the denial of his application of rezoning of Lots 1 through 6 of Block 10, May-
fair Tract No. 2. be held January 4, 1956 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker

Commissioner Fountain moved the action of the Planning Commission rezoning Lots
7 to 11, Block 3; Biltmore Addition from R-2 to R-1 and the rezoning of Lots 1
to 11, Block 4, Biltmore Addition from C-2 to R-2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The petition of the Land O'Sun for annexation of a parcel of land in the S¼ of
Section 35; T20S, R60E, MDB&M was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this property be annexed to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Twin Lakes Village, Tract No. 6 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of Jeanne O'Donnell for a use permit
to convert a maximum of two dwelling units into professional suites on property
situated at 1638 E. Charleston (Lot 6, Block 1, Charleston Square #4) in an R-4
zone. The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was that this application
be approved subject to the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements. Director of Planning Franklin J. Bills reported that this
agreement had been signed.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for use permit be approved and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of December, 1955; having considered the ap-
plication of Jeanne O'Donnell for a use permit to convert two dwelling units into
professional suites on property situated at 1638 E. Charleston (Lot 6, Block 1,
Charleston Square #4) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application;

NOW THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Jeanne
O'Donnell for a use permit to convert two dwelling units into professional suites
on property situated at 1638 E. Charleston be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given by the Board to the application of Drs. R.H. Clark and
John L. O'Harra for a use permit to build a small animal hospital and veterinary
office on property situated on Highland Avenue South of West Charleston Boulevard.
The Board of Adjustment approved this application providing the proposed structure
is moved easterly a distance of 10 feet and that ingress and egress to the parking
areas be controlled through curb cuts approved by the City Engineer; and subject
to the signing of an agreement, secured by a bond that the applicants will install
along the easterly portion of Highland Avenue for the distance of their property
the necessary off-site improvements according to plans and specifications for the
development of Highland Avenue.

REZONING - Z-34-55

Louis Miranti



REZONING - Z-40-55
Gladys Smith

REZONING -Z-41-55
Wm. Clark
Appeal of Denial

REZONING -
Z-25-55
Z-26-55



ANNEXATION

Land O' Sun

TWIN LAKES #6
Tentative Map

USE PERMIT
U-34-55

Jeanne O'Donnell



USE PERMIT

U-35-55

Drs. R.H.Clark &

J.L. O'Harra