On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the application to the Board of Commissioners by the V.F.W. petitioning said Board to allow
said V.F.W. to sponsor a carnival in Las Vegas without paying the required license be tabled.
hat the ordinance licenses carnivals and traveling shows be strictly adhered to.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City advertise for bids on fencing to be used at the City Park.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that W.R. Smith be granted the use of water from the City Well until such time as the City saw
fit to put the water to other uses.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the progress reports of the WPA be forwarded to Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. Said reports be-
ing Forms Nos. 710 for $270.00 and $217.50, and No. 710A for $100.80 and 46.68.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 15th day of February, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 15th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day February, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Marble, Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and City Clerk. Mayor
Arnett arriving late.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Minutes of February 8th, 1938 read and approved as read.

At this time bids for the purchase of grass seed for the City of Las Vegas were opened,
and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the bid of the Las Vegas Hardware Co. be accepted. Said bid being $30.00 per 100
pounds of grass seed. This being the lowest and best bid.

Vote Commissioners Krause Ronnow and Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of lumber were next opened and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the bid of Woitishek Lumber
Company recommended for acceptance but that C.D.Baker accept what in his judgement was the
best bid offered.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of tires for various departments of the City were next opened,
and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the C.D. Baker be instructed to accept the lowest and best bid. Bids being as fol-
lows: Western Auto Supply Co. $210.40; Mohawk Tire Service $223.00; A.C. Grant $242.32; Cash-
man $250.97 and General Auto Parts $238.42.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the application of Ebbie Davis to distribute milk in the City of Las Vegas be
referred to the "Milk Ordinance Committee" for investigation and report.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble voting aye. Nones, none.

Mr. Tandy appeared before the Board with Mr. Longsinger in regard to Mr. Longsinger
securing a years lease on the the three front rooms at the Municipal Plunge to be used for
a lunch room.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that upon the written request of the "Recreation Board" that the the City lease said
three rooms to Mr. Longsinger that the City Attorney draw up the proper form of lease and
that same be executed by the Mayor and City Clerk. Said lease to be for $40.00 per month
for one year.

Vote Commissioners Krause Ronnow and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.