A STREET	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the approach of A to Charleston Blvd., be

curved to the West so that it it similar to the Main Street Bonanza Road intersections, was presented
to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation be referred to the Regional Planning Commission for
further recommendation and clarification.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker;
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.





RESOLUTION	At this time three quitclaim deeds conveying a 50 foot right of way for the extension of San Francisco

R/W Deed	Street in the south easterly portion of the City were presented for consideration. Those deeds received

New York and LV Invest-were from New York and Las Vegas Investment Company, James Cashman, and Geralding Stocker.
ment Co. San Francisco

Street	 On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker the following resolution is

adopted and order made.	RESOLUTION

#392 IT RESOLVED this l8th day of March, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 30th day of June, 1952,
executed by New York and Las Vegas Investment Company to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Voting "Aye" Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor.
Voting "Nay" None,

James Cashman	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker the following resolution

 is adopted and order made t	RESOLUTION

#393 Be IT RESOLVED this l8th day of March, 1953 by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 1st day of July, 1952, exe-
cuted by James Cashman to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.

Voting "Aye” Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting "Nay" None. Absent: None.

Geraldine Stocker On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker the following Resolution
is adopted and order made:	RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this l8th day of March, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 1st day of July, 1952, executed by
Geraldine M. Stocker to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purpose and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

Voting "Aye" Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting "Nay" None. Absent: None.

VACATION	The decision of the Board before making any further motion on the remaining portion	of	the	Mary-

Portions Maryland	land Tract #2 was that a full Board be present before approving the remainder. Due	to	the	fact

Tract #2	that a full Board is now present a new motion is in order.

Remaining Parcels

	Commissioner Bunker moved that the action that was taken previously tonight on Parcels 1 and 2

be recinded.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett. Absent: None.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Parcels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 as outlined in the notice be approved,
and the following order vacating same adopted.

ORDER OF VAC AT I ON

A Petition, signed by three (3) freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed
with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of certain streets and parts of streets
in the Wardie Addition, a re-subdivision of a portion of the Wardie Addition, and Pioneer Heights
Addition, hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred
to the Regional Planning Commission of Clark County, Nevada, for its recommendation in the premises,
and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated February 2, 1953, with this Board
approving and recommending said Vacation in certain instances;

And this Board by an Order made at its regular meeting held on the 4th day of February, 1953,
set the l8th day of March, 1953, at the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of
the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the Northwest Corner of Fifth
and Stewart Streets in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for the
Public Hearing on said Petition and recommendation; and Ordered the City Clerk to cause the afore-
said streets and parts of streets and alleys proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice
setting forth the time and place of the Public Hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk of this Board,
that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is attached to said affidavit,