ORDER

A Petition, dated the 24th day of May, 1954, signed by four (4) freeholders residing in the
area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation
of a portion of North 9th Street, and said Petition having been in Order of this Board
referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the
premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated June 14, 1954, with
the Board recommending the approval of said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made At its regular meeting held on the 16th day of June, 1954
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners, in
the City Hall, located at the Northwest corner of 5th and Stewart Streets, in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for the Public Hearing on said
Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid portion of
street proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting forth the time and place of
the Public Hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Donald H. Brockley and Charles V. Cudney
filed with the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of
which notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 23rd day of June, 1954, in the
manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and recommendation
of the Planning Commission thereon, and the Board having heard evidence in support of and
there being no opposition to said Petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,
Sharp, and Whipple constituting all members of said Board, and all members voting in favor
of said vacation, that the portion of street proposed to be vacated is no longer required
for the public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the
City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially injured
thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of street as recored in Book 1
pages 15 and 19, Clark County Records, to-wit:

PARCEL 1.

Christian V. Carstensen and Carolyn E. Carstensen, h/w owners of Lot 4, Block 3, Grandview
Addition.

Commencing at the Southwest comer of Lot 4, Block 3 of Grandview Addition as shown by plat
recorded in Book 1 of Plats page 19, in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County,
Nevada; thence South 89˚33' West, along the South line of Lot 4, Block 3, of Grandview
Addition extended westerly, a distance of 56.67 feet to a point; thence North 26 27' East,
a distance of 45.52 feet to a point on the North line of said Lot 4, Block 3, extended
westerly; thence North 89˚33' East along the North line of said lot extended westerly;

A distance of 36.26 feet to the northwest corner of said Lot 4, Block 3; thence South
0°11' East, along the West line of said Lot 4, Block 3, a distance of 40.6 feet to the
true point of beginning.

PARCEL II

Irving C. Sharnik and Sara A. Sharnik, h/w owners of Lot 3, Block 3, Grandview Addition

Commencing at the Southwest corner of Lot 3, Block 3, of Grandview Addition as shown by plat
recorded in Book 1 of Plats page 19, in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County,
Nevada; thence South 89°33' West along the South line of Lot 3, Block 3 of Grandview
Addition extended westerly, a distance of 36.26 feet to a point; thence North 26°27' East
a distance of 45.52 feet to a point on the North line of said Lot 3, Block 3, extended
westerly; thence North 89˚33' East along the North line of said lot extended westerly, a
distance of 15.86 feet to the Northwest comer of said Lot 3, Block 3; thence South
0°11' East, along the West line of said Lot 3, Block 3, a distance of 40.6 feet to the
true point of beginning.

PARCEL III

Robert O. Gibson and Edith H. Gibson h/w owners of Lot 2, Block 3, of Grandview Addition.

Commencing at the Southwest comer of Lot 2, Block 3 of Grandview Addition, as shown by
plat recorded in Book 1 of Plats, Page 19 in the office of the County Recorder of Clark
County, Nevada; thence South 89°33' West, along the South line of Lot 2, Block 3 of
Grandview Addition extended westerly, a distance of 15.86 feet to a point; thence North 26˚27'
East a distance of 35.37 feet to a point on the west line of said Lot 2, Block 3, a distance
of 31.54 feet to the true point of beginning.

be and the same are hereby vacated.

TWIN LAKES VILLAGE
Tract No. 3
Final Map Approved

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Engineer V. B. Uehling and Director of Planning Franklin Bills presented the
final map of Twin Lakes Village Tract No. 3 and recommended its approval.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the final map of Twin Lakes Village, Tract No. 3
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

8-4-54