At this time Commissioner Peccole presented an emergency ordinance for the crea-
tion of a Regional Planning Commission and requested that action be taken.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the above mentioned emergency
ordinance be deferred until after the proposed ordinance repealing Ordinance No.

446 has been reported on.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Peccole;

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Moore moved this meeting adjourn until December 20, 1950.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



City Clerk 	Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
December 20, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, was held on Wednesday, the 20th day of December, 1950, at the hour of 3:30
o'clock, P.M. at the City Hall, being the regular meeting place of said Board, at
which meeting there were present and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor	E. W. Gragin

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Absent:	None

constituting all of the members of said Board. There was also present the following:

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

City Engineer	W. C. Anderson

Deputy Ex-Officio

City Assessor	F. A. Gibson

Thereupon the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and taken.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1169 to 1171 inclusive in the net

	amount of $23,952.24 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT #200-1 The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commis-
Public Hearing	sioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and

Assement Roll	review the assessments and hear any objection to said assessment which may be made on the

proposed improvements in Assessment District No. 200-1, as shown on Assessment Roll No.
15, 1950.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll had been
filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there had been no objec-
tions filed in her office prior to said meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objection, suggestion or com-
ment, or raise any question concerning said special assessment roll. No such objection,
suggestion, comment, or question was made or raised.

The Mayor thereupon publicly announced that no objection, suggestion, comment or question
had been made or raised, written or otherwise by any party in interest, or otherwise, to
the said special assessment roll.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the hearing on this Assessment Roll No. 13-1950 be adjourned
until after the construction contract has been let to-wit: January 17, 1951, at which ad-
  journed meeting the Assessment Roll will be corrected or revised before confirmation to
correct typographical or clerical errors and to modify all the assessments if the construc-
tion price should prove to be substantially different from the estimated price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Those voting "Nay":	None