16

pole line removal, which under the new apportionment should amount to approximately 16
per cent of the cost of the pole line removal. This item of cost is accepted by the
Public Roads Administration as allowable costs on the project."

and,

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, in their letter to the State of Nevada, Department of
Highways, dated January 31, 1947, agreed to install five (5) foot sidewalks from north
line of Carson Street to south line of Bonanza Road, except for that portion of walk
abutting the Home Lumber Company and Woitishek Lumber Company, leased premises, which
the State shall furnish, and,

WHEREAS, it has been determined that the cost of providing angle parking, as
originally recommended, is prohibitive,

NOW, THEREFORE BE: IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas approves the relocation of the Western Union Pole Line at the curb
line and does hereby agree to bear any portion of the expense of such relocation as
is disallowed as project costs by the Bureau of Public Roads in accordance with their
Administrative Memorandum No. 299, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada agrees to reimburse the State of Nevada for the state's share of the
 proposed relocation of pole line, and,	

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners agrees to reimburse
the State of Nevada for the actual costs of installing a five (5) foot sidewalk from the
north line of Carson street to the south line of Bonanza Road on the west side of Main
Street only and excepting that portion of sidewalks abutting the Home Lumber Company and
Woitishek Lumber Company leased premise, and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that only eight (8) feet of the land being dedicated
by the Union Pacific Railroad Company for street widening purposes between Carson Street
and Ogden Street, be developed as part of this project, and, that only parallel parking
be allowed or provided for in this project.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution
be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follows
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

AGREEMENT between	Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City Clerk	be author-

L.	A. & SALT LAKE RR CO.	ized to sign that certain Agreement dated February 10,	1947 by and

and its Lessee	between Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company and	its Lessee

UNION PACIFIC RR CO. &	Union Pacific Railroad Company and the City of Las Vegas relative

City of Las Vegas 	to the widening of Main Street between Carson Street and Bonanza	

	Road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

CITY ATTORNEY	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be authorized to

	hire additional help to assist him in the preparation of legisla-

	tive matters to be submitted at this session of Legislature.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

BIDS - SWIMMING POOL  This being the time set for the opening of bids for the purchase of

	560 feet of 5 1/2 inch pipe for the Swimming Pool Project and the bids

of the following companies were received and opened at this time:

LARKIN PLUMBING CO.	$1125.00

RUPPERT PLUMBING CO.	1332.80

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Larkin Plumbing Company
in the sun of $1125.00 being the low bidder, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following	

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

STREET LIGHTING DEPT.

Purchase of Pipe  Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing procedure be waived and

 the City Manager authorized to purchase 650 feet of 5 1/2 inch new pipe
at $1.00 a foot for the construction of light standards.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following	

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

SWIMMING POOL BOND  The following offer was made to the Board of City Commissioners from

 the Edward L. Burton Corporation relative to the issuance of One

Hundred Thousand Dollars worth of bonds for swimming Pool purposes:

February 10

19	4 7

Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

You have advised us that you contemplate the issuance of $100,000.00 of bonds for
Swimming Pool purposes; that you would like us to assist you in setting up the issue
so that the bonds will be attractive, in our opinion, to prospective purchasers.