Las Vegas, Nevada

February 15, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 15th day of February, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7.35
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst.City Manager	R.W.Notti

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Engineer	George E.Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board

NO. 1OO-36	of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and review the assess-

Public Hearing on Assessment Roll      ments and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the pro-

posed improvements in Assessment District No. 100-36, as shown on the amended
Assessment Roll No. 34-1955.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment
roll had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk ans-
wered that a petition containing 16 property owners and one letter had
been filed protesting the cost of the district, and a petition containing
three property owners on Bonanza Road had been filed objecting to assessment
because this street was not being improved.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any further objec-
tions, suggestions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special
amended assessment roll.

Mrs. Jeanette Thiele appeared and stated that she was one of the three property
owners who had submitted the petition protesting the assessment because her
property fronts on Bonanza Road and she receives no benefit. It was explained
to Mrs. Thiele that she was paying for the side street.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the amended Assessment Roll No. 34-1955 be con-
firmed and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION CONFIRMING ASSESSMENT ROLL

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Ne-
vada, and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets
and parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-36 for teh purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making
said improvements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally in-
cluded in the sums assessed according to benefits against the owners and as-
sessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within such District, proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS, the said Assessment Roll was filed with the City Clerk on the
5th day of October, 1955; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said Assessment
Roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas; and

WHEREAS, Ordinance No. 693 passed, adopted and approved the 1st day of
February, 1956 called for the preparation and filing of an amended Assessment
Roll; and

WHEREAS, the notice of said filing and the public hearing on said amended
Assessment Roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said amended Assessment

Roll,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof, held, on the 15th day of Febru-
ary, 1956that Assessment Roll No. 34-1955; as revised and amended be and the
same hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confir-
mation on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Of-
ficio City Assessor, for the placing of said assessments on the official rolls
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED st Las Vegas, Nevada this 15th day of February, 1956

ATTEST:	__________________________

Mayor

City Clerk

( See Pages 106-137 this book for Assessment Roll No. 34-1955)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution directing notification of
property owners of the amount of the assessment in District No. 100-36 be adopted:

2-15-56