Commissioner Sharp, raised the question as to what would happen if the
builder completed only half the stores and no more.

To this Planning Director Franklin Bills replied that he could not
completely answer that question. He stated, however, that under this
procedure the shopping center at 25th and Bonanza was completed on
schedule and according to all requirements. He pointed out the
Ordinance provided that in the event the applicant failed to reasonably
meet the construction schedule and/or failed to comply in general with
the plot plan and arrangements, this would be considered sufficient
evidence for the Board of Commissioners to consider that the change in
zoning which allowed this to take place was not in the public interest,
since it did not meet the requirement of service to the people in the
area. It would, therefore, be possible for the Board of Commissioners
to again amend the Ordinance, but he believed this would be a matter of
policy and called for a decision to be made only by the Board of Commis-
sioners .

Commissioner Fountain noted that in the past similar constructions were
usually completed.

His Honor Mayor Gragson inquired if there were any protestants, to which
there was no reply.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Franklin Realty and
Development Co. for reclassification of property generally located on the
NW corner of San Francisco Avenue and Maryland Parkway from R-1 and R-2
to C-C be approved, as recommended by the Planning Commission, subject
to the following conditions:

1.	Submission of a drainage map to the Engineering Department.

2.	Construction of a 6' fence or wall along the west side of the service
road, along the westerly boundary of the property.

3. Compliance with the plot plan and construction schedule.

4. Execution of agreement guaranteeing offsite improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Mr. George E. Franklin thanked the Board and assured them construction
would be completed on schedule.

Planning Director Bills presented the amended application of Lewis J. and
Katie Abrahams for reclassification of property legally described as Lots
15 through 23, Block 3, Church Addition, and generally located on the
South side of Sunrise Avenue, between 18th and 19th Streets, from R-3 to
R-4.

Planning Director Bills stated this was an alley which the Board of
Commissioners had before it for vacation early in January, and that the
application was originally made by the owners of the Vagabond Motel.

His Honor Mayor Gragson inquired if there were any protestants; there
were none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the amended application of Lewis J. and Katie
Abrahams for reclassification of property on the South side of Sunrise
Avenue, between 18th and 19th Streets, from R-3 to R-4 be approved, as
recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of Golfridge
Terrace #3, comprising approximately 11 acres, and located generally north
of Washington Avenue and west of Decatur.

Commissioner Sharp inquired as to the water situation, stating he under-
stood approval had not been obtained from the State.

Director of Public Works R. P. Sauer stated he did not know whether or
not the present well system had been approved.

Commissioner Sharp replied he understood the well system was not approved
and moved to hold this matter in abeyance until they had information as
to whether or not the well system was approved.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy stated the agreement provided if there was
not sufficient water, Mr. Miranti would immediately tie into the water
system.

Commissioner Fountain asked City Attorney Cory if he had something in
agreement form stating Mr. Miranti must tie into City water, to which
City Attorney Cory replied that the City has title to the water system
and was empowered, under an agreement, to negotiate with the Las Vegas
Valley Water District and get water to the area. He added that water
would have been furnished in the first instance for an outlay of $3200.00.

Commissioner Sharp withdrew his motion (which had been seconded by
Commissioner Whipple) to hold this matter in abeyance and Commissioner
Fountain moved the tentative map of Golfridge Terrace #3, submitted by

12-16-59

REZONING Z-5-59
Lewis J. and Katie Abrahams

Approved

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE #3
Tentative Map
L. Miranti
Approved