Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the bid of the Motor Supply Company for ten tubes
in the sum of $57.40 be accepted. Said bid being the lowest bid submitted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the sum of $169.70 be allowed for the removal
of a transformer where the new bank is being built to the plant of the power company.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the matter be held over until such time as
is necessary to study the franchise and other agreements existing between the City and
the Power Company. Motion died for want of a second.

A. W. Blackman, city auditor, made certain recommendations, in writing, to the Board
relating to the Board of City Commissioners and the office of the City Clerk.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the suggestion of Mr. Blackman that forms be
sent out to merchants with instructions how to prepare and present claims against the city,
be adopted, and that LeRoy Whipple be appointed purchasing agent. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that Grace Bowman, deputy city clerk, be paid
as an extra clerk for the period from October 16th, to and including October 25th at
the rate of $4.00 per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch read a letter from Jay C. Newman, head of the FBI, at Salt Lake
City, Utah, suggesting that Dave Mackey, Chief of Police, attend a meeting of the FBI
for this District, at Salt Lake City, on the 27th and 28th of October, 1941.
 Commissioner Smith made a motion that Dave Mackey be allowed to attend said meeting
and that he turn in an itemized statement of expenses covering his trip. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the Mayor be authorized to sign the lease
between the City of Las Vegas and the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company &

Union Pacific Railroad Company covering a lease of premises in Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada to be used for a Prison Detention Yard. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, the following Resolution was adopted by unanimous vote:

RESOLVED, by the unanimous vote of all the members present, that said Lease agreement
be renewed for a further period of five years from September 30, 1941, at the rental
of $25.00 per year, and that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and the City Clerk be and
they are hereby authorized and directed to execute on behalf of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, an agreement extending the term of said Lease for a further period of five years
from September 30, 1941, and to deliver the same to said Railroad Company as the act and
deed of said City.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the order heretofore placed with Albright's
Business Machine Company for an office chair be cancelled. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that bids be sent out for one office chair for the
clerk's office. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commissioner

Tinch made a motion that the meeting recess until October 30th, 1941 at the hour of
7:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.