There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JULY 4th, 1929.

City

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, July 4th, 1929.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners German and Hansell, City Att.
and Clerk of, the Board.

Absent: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting was recess-
ed upon motion duly made seconded, and carried, untill Friday the 5th day of July at the
hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of July 1929 at the hour of three o'
clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners, Thomas, Hansell, Smith, and
German to-gether with the City Attorney, Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that monies collected
by the City Clerk, Municipal Judge, and Plumbing Inspector, for Licenses, Fines, and fees re-
spectively totaling $2,739.00 be apportioned as follows: To the Police, and Fire Fund $2,000.00
to the General Fund $591.50, and to the Water, Sewer, and Light Fund $148.00.

Balance of Claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrent Register on file in the Office
of the Clerk; Reports read, and approved.

There upon an "Ordinance regulation the collection and fixing and establishing rates
and compensations to be collected by any person, company or corporation collection garbage in
the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Storage, and Removal of Gargage, and
Offal, and Refuse, Animal, and Vegetable Matter," approved January 6th, 19231 and all ordin-
ances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith" was read for a second time and passed at
a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 5th day of July 1929, 

upon the following vote: Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None. Ordered published for one week three Issues in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Said ordinance to be designated
as Ordinance No. 138.

There upon an Ordinance Vacating a Portion of Lewis Street in Wardie Addition to