RESOLVED, that said deed conveying grant of easement for highway purposes dated the

________ day of October, 1933, submitted by said Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad

Company, hereinabove referred to, be and the same is hereby accepted by said City of Las
Vegas, subject to all its terms and conditions.

The above Resolution was introduced by Commissioner German, and seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy, and the following was the vote taken thereon, Commissioners Mundy, Ger-
man, and Arnett and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 20th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 20th day of October 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy German,
and Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Arnett.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

At this time a number of applications for slot machine licenses were presented to the
Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German the licenses were
granted for all slot machines that applications were presented to the Board for granting.
Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of the Pache Club for a license to operate on crap table at the Apache
Hotel Casino was brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down a license was granted
to the Pache Club for one crap table. Application being in proper form and money to cover
the same being on file with the Clerk.

Mr. C.J. Mackey appeared before the Board at this time and informed the members that
at any time men were needed on City work to let him know as mem were at this command from the
transient camp/

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
license issued Dave Steam for the Northern Club on October 4th be transferred to Mayme V.
Stocker, Norther Club.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend Section 3 of Ordinance No. 201 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals and
sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food and refreshments to the Public; providing
for the inspection of meats and meat products to be possessed and sold in the City of Las
Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possession of uninspected meats for human food; authorizing
the appointment of meat inspectors; prohibiting the sale of meat and meat products by un-
licenses establishments; and providing a penalty for the violation thereof," was read for a
first time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. The ordinance was then laid over for a second read-
ing at the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners.

"An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, County, of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment
to defray costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by the construction
of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across certain street, avenues, alleys, easements
and lots and making connections with the public	sewer according to the plats, diagrams and

estimates of coat thereof on file in	the office	of the City Clerk of	the City of Las Vegas;

describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said
assessments, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to the
benefits; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for	the payment thereof,

and other matters relating thereto," was read for a first time and laid over for a second

reading.