OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 21st, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of December 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Luce and Krause City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioners Corradetti and Ronnow.

This being the time set for hearing regarding the sale of liquor to minors by Peter Pansey
or his employees as sent forth in testimony of juvenile cases and Mr. Pansey and His Attorney
Geo Marshall being present Mayor Marble stated the reason for the hearing and Mr. Austin City
Attorney handled said hearing. A stenographer being present all testimony was taken copy of which
is on file with the Clerk.

No action was taken on this matter but the testimony will be read to the Board at such time
as members are present, disposal will be made of the charges.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
three slot machine licenses be granted to the Overland Drug Company and four to the Recreation
Center.

Vote Commissioners Luce and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Thursday the 29th day of December, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

DECEMBER 29th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas held on the 29th day of December 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and City Clerk.

Minutes of all regular, Special and recessed regular meetings read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk enter into agreements with the Mohawk Oil Company and the General Oil
Company for gasoline requirements for the year 1939., 16c per gallon. Companies to share alike
Vote Commissioners Ronnow Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the resignations of Police Officers Johnson and Jones be accepted. Officer Jones
resignation to be effective December 31st, 1938 at midnight and Officer Johnson's being ef-
fective December 22nd, 1938.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

(Said resignations being presented in writing)

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that a license be granted to J.H. Morgan for the operation of one roulette wheel and one crap
game and one poker game for 108 No 1st 1st Silver Club and to Ruby Riley for one slot machine at
215 No 1st St. Applications being in proper form and money on file to cover same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved that a wholesale
beverage license for the year 1939 be granted to the National Ice Company. Fee $25.00 per quarter.
Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the following retail beverage licenses for the year 1939 be granted. Applications being in
proper form and the sum of $25.00 accompanying said application as license for the 1st quarter year:

Frank Kernan, Bessie Williams, Gabe Lopez, Ruby Riley and A.T. Spatz. Also a sealed package
liquor license for A.T. Spatz fee $75.00 per quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that a retail tavern license be granted to J.H. Morgan at 110 No 1st St.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.