BUSINESS LICENSE
Hal T. Souder
Condemned Building

DERBY TURF

Addition of Partner

LEASE AGREEMENT
Corp of Engineers

SARATOGA RACE BOOK
Sam Cohen

Commissioner Jarrett moved that this application for license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes,
none.

The application of Hal T. Souder for a business license for a leather shop at
116 North 1st Street, a condemned building, was brought before the Board at this
time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be approved for the 4th Quarter of
1953, until December 31, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the application of the Derby Turf for addition of partner, Louis
Nier, was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be held in abeyance until the
next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the revised lease agreement with the Corp of Engineers
and Nellis Air Force Base be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Sam Cohen appeared before the Board in regard to his license
at the Saratoga Race Book.

Commissioner Sharp moved this license be reinstated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and losted by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and
His Honor. Commissioner Jarrett stated that he writes the insurance for Mr.

Cohen.

Mr. Cohen then asked for a temporary license to dispose of his business.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Mr. Cohen's license be approved for the balance
of the year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Jarrett moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:

APPROVED:



Mayor

12-16-53

..............

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

December 21, 1953

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall,
on the 21st day of December, 1953 at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the
following matters:

1.	Payroll Warrants

2.	Off-Street Parking

3.	Firearms Ordinance
4. Motorola Contract

5.	Salary Increases

6.	Maryland Parkway Improvements

7.	Wade, Acting City Manager	S/	C. D. Baker__________

Mayor

NOTICE QF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to Wendell Bunker, Rex A. Jarrett, Harris P. Sharp,

Reed Whipple, Commissioners, and R.V. Carey, City Manager and Howard W.
Cannon, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this
day issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers of the City
Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 21st day of December, 1953 at the hour of 7:30
P.M. to consider the following matter.

1.	Payroll Warants

2.	Off-Street Parking

12-21-53