OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JUNE 15th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of June, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Down, Marble,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time Mrs. Gamble accompanied a number of musician appeared before the Board
in regard to the increasing of hours that music might be allowed in taverns and to have
"kitties" again allowed in said taverns. The price of wages was also presented to the Board
for consideration.

After some discussion on the matter the Clerk was directed to write and inform the Tavern
owners in the City of Las Vegas that at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners

 of the City of Las Vegas to be held on Friday the 22nd day of June that the matter would
be brought before the Board for consideration. That prior to that time the tavern owners and
the musicians meet and decided what hours and wages might be satisfactory to both sides.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved
and carried that the City Clerk write each and every tavern owner in the City of Las Vegas and
inform them of the meeting, its hour and purpose.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time there was brought before the Board for discussion the hiring of a play ground
supervisor and the amount of wages to be paid.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that the City
of Las Vegas enter into the "Playground" programme, and give the some of

$25.00 each month toward the salary of a play ground supervisor until the further order of
the Board. That Commissioner Marble, Commissioners of Streets and public places select a com-
mittee to work with him and to help select a proper person to be supervisor of said playground.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of persons, property owners in and near Stewart Street in the City
of Las Vegas appeared before the Board in regard to the improving of Stewart Street. They
were directed to present a petition to the Board signed by at least 51% of the interested part-
ies on and near said Stewart Street interested in said improvement so that before going on
with the said improvement the Board might know the opinion of the said property owners.

Mrs. Mina Stewart and an number of persons residing on north 5th street appeared before
in Board in regard to the improving of North 5th Street and the possibility of a new bridge
over the Vegas Creek. Commissioner Marble informed them that J.P. King, Supt. of Street was at
the present working on plans for the improvement of said street.

The taking over by the City of disposal of both wet and dry garbage was brought before
the Board for consideration. The contract had between the City of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas
Disposal Co. terminating on the 16th day of July, 1934, it is necessary that proper measures
be taken for the care of same.

Mr. Down, Commissioner of Water Sewer and Light, under whose supervision the same
will be conducted recommended to the Board the Following:

Accept the proposal of Mr. Bert Witwer to care for the Wet Garbage at the Old Ranch
by feeding hogs & same to be delivered at the location at the Ranch designated by him. Also,
as agreement to be entered into regarding the payment of said garbage when and if the market
price of hogs warrants the same.

Indorse the construction of a Sewer Line from the present City Barns to Stewart Street
at an early date so provision for the necessary washing and cleaning equipment may be in-
stalled.

The bids on file with the City Clerk for furnishing garbage collection equipment be
rejected as not meeting requirements and the deposit checks be returned to Bidders at the
addresses give and a statement attached marked "Not Accepted."

That the Edwards Iron Works be given the order for the Equipment to be delivered in
Las Vegas early in July, 1934. Said equipment meeting the specifications determined as most
fitting for the City Garbage Collection Department.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that the
above mentioned recommendations be adopted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Commissioners Marble not voting. Noes none.

The matter of the hospitalization of those employed on the sewer line construction
in the City of Las Vegas under the F.E. R.A. was brought before the Board for consideration
and upon the following Resolution introduced by Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Arnett it was Resolved:

That the City of Las Vegas acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners
enter into an agreement with the Clark County Indigent Hospital for the care of any employees
that maybe injured while in the construction of sewer lines in the City of Las Vegas under
F.E.R.A. project. That the City of Las Vegas for such hospitalization should be charged and
pay to the County of Clark the actual cost of such hospitalization.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of D.G. Lorenzi for permit to discharge fireworks in the City of
Las Vegas Wednesday the 4th day of July 1934 was next brought before the Board for consideration
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett: it was:

Resolved, That D.G. Lorenzi be and he is hereby granted a Permit from the City of
Las Vegas to discharge fireworks at the Lorenzi Lake Resort in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada, on Wednesday the 4th day of July, 1934.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 22nd day of June, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:	Mayor.