It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that Charles J. Hammond has received the high-
est number of votes cast for the office of Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of
Las Vegas,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, that the said Charles J. Hammond, be and he is hereby declared elected to the
office of the Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas, and

Be IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to the said Charles J. Hammond. Voting on said Resolution; Commissioners
Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that Otis J. Smith received the highest number of votes cast
for the office of Commissioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, that the said Otis J. Smith be and he is hereby declared elected to the office of
Commissioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to the said Otis J. Smith. Voting on said Resolution; Commissioners
Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor ,W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that W.H. Elwell received the highest number of votes cast for
the office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, that the said W.H. Elwell, be and he is hereby declared elected to the
office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to the said W.H. Elwell. Voting on said Resolution Commissioners



Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it



was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next

	
regular meeting to be held on the day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock	

P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the mayor 

W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS


VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

June 1st, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark



County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of June, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present



Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W.H. Elwell and F.E. Matzdorf,


together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and special meetings were read and there being no omissions


or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of

	

the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk of this Board.



The claims of C.P. Ball in the sum of $20.00 and of George Grogan in the sum of $10.00

