CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Mrs. Esther G. Merscheim



CLAIM FOR DAMAGES

Marie Teske



MEADOWS ADDITION

OPENING OF BIDS

No. 54.10 -3 cash
registers

No. 54.11 - Engine driven
Compressor for Cemetery

BID AWARDED

No. 54.8 - Panel Truck





BID AWARDED
No. 54.9 - Pumps for
Golf Course

Mr. George Rudiak, Dr. Ralph Hemington, Mr. William Hite, Dr. Louis Bernkrant,

Mr. Mann, Charlie Steel and Mr. Dewey Solomon appeared before the Board protesting
this final map, stating they wished this area to remain zoned as Ranch Estates.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked for a standing count of those who were objecting to the
approval of this final map. There were 17 persons present.

Mr. Thomas Beam and Mr. Leonard Wilson appeared before the Board at this time asking
for approval of this final map.

Commissioner Bunker suggested there be appointed a committee of two commissioners
to meet with a committee from the group of objectors and Mr. Beam to see if a
satisfactory arrangement could be worked out.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp were appointed as the committee to work with Mr.

Bill Hite and Mr. George Rudiak and Mr. Beam. The meeting was set for April 26,
at 4:00 P.M.

At this time the Board considered the claim for damages by Mrs. Esther G. Merscheim
in the amount of $9,000.00. Mrs. Merscheim fell on a sidewalk at 616 E. Carson.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this claim for damages be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioner Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the claim for damages by Mrs. Marie Teske in the
amount of $1,000.00. Mrs. Teske fell on a sidewalk on South 4th Street near
Garces Avenue.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this claim for damages be referred to the
City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. George Harmon appeared before the Board at this time to protest the approval
of a new subdivision in the Meadows Addition known as the Judy Rich Tract, and
discussion was held.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved to refer this matter to the City Engineer
and the Right-of-Way Agent to see if a right of way can be secured.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for three cash registers, the
matter was considered by the Board and the following bid was received:

Without Option	With Option

NATIONAL CASH REGISTER CO.	$6,915.00	$7,025.00

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this bid be referred to the City Manager
for study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

 This being the time set for the opening of bids for the engine driven compressor
for the Cemetery, the matter was considered by the Board and bids were received
from the following firms:

THE CHAMPION COMPANY	$1,529.55

SCHRAMM, INC.	1,500.00

BLYSTONE EQUIPMENT CO.	2,610.00

INLAND SERVICE AND SUPPLY

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager for study and tabulation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent; Mayor Baker.

At this time the City Manager recommended that the bid of Community Chevrolet
for the panel truck for the Fire Department be accepted, as this truck is best
suited for the needs of the Fire Department.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the bid for the panel truck be awarded to Community
Chevrolet in the amount of $1,759.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, Commissioner Sharp. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that the bid of Phelps Pump and Supply
for pumps for the Golf Course be accepted as the low bidder withdrew his bid.

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid for pumps for the Golf Course be awarded to
Phelps Pump and Supply in the amount of $9,190.00.

4-21-54