At this time the Clerk presented the application of. Al. James, for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved the Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens.
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried, it
was moved that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens
Ireland, and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.

At this time, the Clerk presented the application of James Germain, for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens,
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried, it
was moved that the Gaming License be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens
Ireland, and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.	Mayor.

Whereupon there being no farther business before the board at this time, it was moved and seconded



that the Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

JULY 20th, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held the 20th day of July, 1921, at the hour of three o'clock. P.M.

Present Commissioners Brickie and Martin and his honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Chas. Ireland, to-
gether with the City Attorney and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the City Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication, dated July 19th, 1921, and add-
ressed to The City Board of Las Vegas, Nevada, "Gentlemen: I am writing you in regard to those
 trash containers for the streets. I have a man to make them that just made 200 for St. Louis. He
used #24 iron, now he says that is heavy enough for anything in that line. He says it is almost
impossible to make them of heavier grade than #24 without machinery which we have not. Please
let me hear from you immediately, and will start making them.

Yours truly,

Rhoads Garage, by W.S. Rhoads."

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin and seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried, the
Clerk was instructed to notify W.S. Rhoads that the grade of iron required for the trash containers
to be constructed by the City of Las Vegas should be as follows: No. 20 iron for the bodies of the
containers and No. 24 iron for the tops of the containers. Voting: Commissioners Martin and Brickie
and his honor the Mayor pro tem Chas. Ireland, aye. Noes none.

Clerk then present a communication from W.S. Dentner. As Mr Dentner had neglected to sign
the same it was ordered returned for his signature.

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin and seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried,
the City Attorney was instructed to draft an amendment to the speed ordinance, fixing the speed
limit within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas at 15 miles per hoar. Voting: Commissioners
Martin, Brickie and his honor the Mayor, pro tem, Ireland, aye. Noes none.

  At this time ordinance No. 84 was read for the second time, which is entitled: "An Ordinance
A providing for the location, Management and Construction of Slaughter Houses within the Limits of
the City of Las Vegas, and Providing penalties for a violation thereof." Upon motion by Commissioner
Martin and seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried that said ordinance No. 84 be passed.