This being the time heretofore set for the discussion of the construction
of the additions to the City Jail and its acceptance by the City of Las
Vegas, City Manager Kennedy opened the discussion. Mr. Kennedy called
the attention of the Board to the fact that the second story on the Jail
had been removed from the plans due to the fact that funds were not suf-
ficient to include the second story at the time the construction was
started. Approximately three weeks ago an inspection had been made.

A small portion of the roof had been put on using gyp in the roofing in-
stallation material. While this was not according to specifications a
check was made and it is equal to the specifications and as this was only
a small portion of the new booking room it presented no problem in accept-
ance.

There were two situations which had to be corrected. Number one, the
light fixtures within the Jail. This correction was in the placing of
the fixtures. Number two, during the rain there had been several leaks
in the roof.

The contractor had filed his Notice of Lien and Completion and the con-
tractor and architect were both present at this time. Mr. Whitely was
asked if he was ready to accept the building and he said, "Not with
these conditions as they are, no".

At this time, 4:14 P.M., City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the
meeting.

After considerable discussion Mayor Baker pointed out that the City had
entered into an Architectural Contract under which plans and specifica-
tions were drawn and a contract for construction awarded; that the con-
tract was awarded to a reputable contractor whose past work in the com-
munity was good; that both the architect and contractor are citizens
and taxpayers interested in seeing that the City gets a satisfactory job.
Under the architectural contract it is the responsibility of the archi-
tect that the construction is completed according to plans and specifi-
cations approved by the City to the satisfaction of the City. The build-
ing has not been completed satisfactorily and the time when the City
should have occupied the Jail and the Court Room is long past due. Mayor
Baker expressed the opinion that the Architect and Contractor are the
ones paid to do the job and that any inspection by the City Commission,
Police Department or Engineering Department is merely to observe and
protect the City's interest and that the basic responsibility for getting
the job done is that of the architect, as the agent of the City. His
Honor further stated that he expected Mr. Whitely, the architect, and
Mr. Davey, the contractor, to get together and work out the deficiencies
immediately and make whatever corrections are necessary and that the
Board would expect a report from Mr. Whitely at their next regular meet-
ing of Wednesday, September 4, 1957.

At this time discussion was held as to the color desired for painting the
City Hall, City Manager Kennedy stated that the new building in back
called for a paint job and they would need to know what color the Com-
mission wants the new building painted, so that the rest of the building
could be painted to match. After a short discussion it was agreed upon
by the Commission to continue to use the State colors of blue and white.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins reported that he had just returned
from a Water District meeting, the purpose of which was to consider the
request of Henderson for a special water rate. He pointed out that he had
presented a letter from the City, signed by Mayor Baker, essentially sup-
porting the position taken by the Water District as evidenced by the study
made and furnished by the Water District Engineers as outlined in the
Water District meeting of May 14, 1957. Mr. Hawkins pointed out that
there had been three or four different interpretations placed on the
letter at the Water District meeting and that the letter was protested
by Mayor Byrnes, who indicated that no consideration should be given the
letter because no members of the City of Las Vegas were there. He further
pointed out that no action was taken at the meeting and that the decision
on the Henderson case would undoubtedly be made at a later date.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that publication of the Zone change
to C-2 on the Huntridge Fire Station would go out tomorrow and asked if
the Commission had any objection to also running a box ad to the effect
that the Board of City Commissioners would accept proposals for outright
purchase or lease of the property for not less than ten (10) years.

The Board was in accord with the suggestion and His Honor requested that
the records show approval of placing an ad in the newspapers regarding
sale or lease of the Huntridge Fire Station.

City Manager Kennedy presented a letter to be sent to Palm Mortuary re-
garding their request to purchase land at the Cemetery on which they in-
tend to erect a mausoleum, the letter in essence stating that the City
was not in a position to grant their request and that the only alterna-
tive would be to sell the Cemetery completely. No objection was expressed
in regard to the letter.

Commissioner Whipple asked if Palm Mortuary had <ever paid the fees owed

CITY JAIL ADDITION

COLOR FOR CITY HALL

WATER DISTRICT
MEETING
Rates for
Henderson

HUNTRIDGE FIRE
STATION

Publications



PALM MORTUARY
Purchase of
Property