OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA,

APRIL 17th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 17th day of April, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk.

Jack Egan of the American Legion appeared before the Board and ask permission of the Board for
the use of the War Memorial Building one night free of rent to entertain the National Guards at a
dinner and public dance to follow. This dinner to be held in honor of the National Guards of Las
Vegas before their transfer to an army camp.

Mr. Egan was informed that the American Legion might use said Building rent free but would be
required to pay about $12.50 for additional janitor services.

A letter from the U. Public health Service was read to the Board wherein said letter an
anticipated budget requirement from the City of Las Vegas in the sum of $5,000.00 per annum to
participate in a health service for Clark County, was requested.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti it was moved and carried that this matter be tabled until the next meeting of the Board
of Commissioners.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting
no because the U S Public Health Service required that action be taken immediately.

The approving of the plat of the Beckley Tract was presented	to the Board at this time and	it

appearing that it would be necessary	to vacate a corner of Block F in Park Place the

"ORDER VACATING TRIANGULAR CORNER OF BLOCK F IN PARK PLACE" was Ordered

as follows:

A petition having been presented to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to vacate a triangular portion of Block F in Park P ace, in the City of Las Vegas, which triangular
portion is in the northwest corner of said Block F and is Eighteen and five-tenths (18-5/10) feet
along Charleston Avenue	and forty (40)	feet along the west	side of said Block F	and which was

dedicated to public use	at the time of	the platting of said	Park Place, and

It appearing to the satisfaction	of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that

said triangular piece of land is no	longer necessary for public	travel or for public	use and

It appearing to the said Board that a petition to vacate said triangular portion of said Block
F has been signed by the owners thereof and by the oners of land contiguous thereto,

Now therefore, it is hereby ordered that the above described triangular portion of land in the
northwest corner of Block F in Park Place, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for
public use be and the same is hereby vacated and that the full title thereto revert to the owner
of said Block F.

Commissioner Ronnow	moved that the	above and foregoing	Order be made, that a copy thereof	be

spread upon the minutes	of said Board,	and that this order	be recorded with the	County Recorder

of Clark County, Nevada, and the same was seconded by Commissioner Krause and upon being put to vote
was carried by the following vote:

Voting aye. Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Two letters from Fire Chief Case were presented to the Board wherein said Fire Chief Case
recommended that the plats of Vega Verdi and Beckley Tract not be approved by the Board of Commis-
sioner until the owners of said tracts had guaranteed the City it would post suitable bonds insuring
 the installation of suitable fire hydrants in said tracts.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Board of Commissioners approve the plat of the Vega Verdi Tract in as much as the City
Planning Commission had recommended to the Board that	it approve said Tract and that Mr. Franklin

one of the owners of said tract had agreed to furnish	bond in the sum of. $400.00 guaranteeing the	

City that the subdividors would install fire hydrants as recommended by the Las Vegas Chief of
Fire Department. Also that the Mayor and Clerk sign said plat as of this date.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Board of Commissioners approve the plat of the Beckley Tract in as much as the City Plann-
ing Commission had recommended to the Board that it approve said Tract and that Mr. Guy Mathis one
of the owners of said tract had agreed to furnish the City with a bond of $200.00 assuring the
City that the owners of said Beckley Tract would install suitable fire hydrants as recommended by
the Chief of the Las V gas Fire Department. Also that the Mayor and Clerk sign said plat of this date.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that this meeting recess until Monday the 28th day of	April, 1941 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

on said day and that at said recessed regular meeting	all other business be dispensed with but

the hearing of charges against Mayor Russell as same had been filed by Commissioner Ronnow.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Monday the 28th day of April, 1941 at the hour of
ten o'clock A.M.