60

This being the time set for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections
to the installation of complete street lighting units and parkway cable
steel standards in over and along the easterly side of North Main St.

Stewart Avenue to a point distant of 100 ft. north of Bonanza Road and
no protester's having appeared, Commissioner Clark moved that the City
Attorney be instructed to take the necessary steps to create the assess-
ment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

ACTING CITY MANAGER Commissioner Baskin moved that during the absence of Mr. Fennessy, George
	Treem be appointed Acting City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of April 22 and 25 and May 7

	be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign

same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following gaming applications were presented to the Board for their
	consideration:

White Bunny Ice Cream Co.	R. G. Jolley

Wilshire Station	Jack Furnace

Lincoln Market	Jack Carter

White Cross Drug Co.	W. E. Ferron

Las Vegas Pharmacy	W. E. Ferron

Tatum's Barbecue	A. Kroloff

Mom's Cafe	K.	A.	Freeman

Boulder Club	A.	H.	Stevenson

Monte Carlo Club	C.	E.	Campbell

Frontier Club, Inc.	A.	F.	Schellang

Club Savoy	Joseph Alexa

Prescription Pharmacy	Lee Hughes

Slot Machine Arcade	Lee Hughes

Hickory Wood Barbecue	Jack Kitchner

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing gaming applications
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

SOUTH FIFTH STREET	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the tentative map of South

ADDITION	Fifth Street Addition as recommended by the Planning Commission plus the

Tentative Map	recommendations of the City Board which are as follows:

1.	Fireplugs should be installed by the subdivider. The number of
plugs and their location to be fixed by the Fire Chief.

2.	Subdivider to give proper assurance that monuments shown on
final plan will be placed.

3.	All Sewer and water line taps where located in the street shall	

be restricted to the property lines to avoid future excavations of

the street.

4.	The street, Paradise Road, shall be surfaced to a width of
Fifty feet and property drained from 5th Street pavement to alley
to be completed with 12 inch base and 2 inch plant mix surface.

The remainder to be gravel to a depth of 14 inches. Before con-
struction is started, plans, sections, engraved and proposed,

required and proven shall be furnished by the subdivider and	

approved by the City officials.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

SOUTH FIFTH STREET Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
ADDITION	sign the final map of the South Fifth Street Addition when the subdivider

Final Map	has furnished satisfactory bond in the amount to cover the estimated

	cost of required street and alley improvements, fireplugs and the

placing of monuments guaranteeing the installation of these facilities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following