Slot Machines: N. Mack, The Sweet Shop, 125 S. 5th, 508 Fremont, 118 N. 1st, Star Drive Inn,

Nosebag Cafe, P & B Cafe, Rex Bar, Jimmie's Cafe, Silver State Newsstand; Boulder Drug Co.,

Town Barbecue, Read City Drug, Lido Bar, Busy Bee Cafe, Boulder Club, White Spot Cafe, White
Cross Drug Store, Las Vegas Pharmacy, Bill's Service, Gilbert Grocery, Overland Cafe,
Cornet's, Montgomery's Home Cafe, Esquire Bar, & A. H. Merritt. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Smith moved that the city clerk write a letter to all gaming applicants informing them
that unless their applications were in the office of the city clerk in time for action by the
Board at the first meeting of each quarter, that they would be charged with operating without
a license. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of Joe Moore Allen for a slot machine license at F and Jackson was referred
to the police commissioner for investigation.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Lester Golding for a slot machine license
at 129 Fremont be granted, also that the application of Louis Wiener, Sr., for a retail beverage
license at 129 Fremont be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of P. L. Jefferson for a retail beverage license at 320 Monroe Street was ordered
tabled pending the establishing of a business zone.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of F. B. Martinez for a retail beverage license
at 209 N. 1st Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of Jerry Mack for a retail beverage license at 302 Jefferson was ordered held
over pending establishment of business zone.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the New Western Apache Casino for gaming license
be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	

A letter from the Western Air Lines, Inc., requesting certain supplies for the new airport 
Station was read.

Commissioner Smith moved that said items, viz., 3 Harcraft type paper towel dispensers, 5

toilet tissue dispensers, 6 granulated soap dispensers and 6 mirrors be purchased. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Letters from Governor Carville, Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce, and Mildred Bray requesting
the city to furnish quarters for Mr. Dondero, Deputy Superintendent of Schools were read.

The Clerk was instructed to inform Mr. Dondero that the city had set up a budget of $700 to
provide space for him in the old city Hall.

The Clerk was instructed to write a letter to Colonel Stenseth, Commanding Officer of the
Flexible Gunnery School requesting the army to move certain buildings, including the old
Administration Building at McCarran Field. That the city wishes to retain all the windows,
doors, plumbing supplies and electrical wiring and soil pipe because of priorities.

A letter was read from Harry Wiel, Jr., stating that because of priorities it would be
impossible to install the original cooling system in the Airport Administration Building and
suggested a substitution.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the substituted cooling system as recommended by Mr. Wiel be
approved subject to the approval of the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the State Engineer stating that because of unforeseen circumstances they now
found it impossible to either sell or rent the state barns to the city.

Mayor Garrison appointed Commissioners Smith and Rubidoux to investigate and make a report
on the practicability of moving the city barns.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of Lohman Bros., for $100, representing cash bond
for a plumbing contractor, be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The city attorney ruled that the claim of B. P. Wilgar & Sons of $10 for return of business
license for the first and second quarters of the year 1942 could not be returned. The city
clerk was directed to so inform them.



Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Vegas Transit Co., for a temporary bus permit be granted
pending action by the State Legislature. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

 

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city of Las Vegas agree to accept the maintenance of 16th Street and E. A. Clark to
make the necessary alterations. The Mayor and clerk is hereby authorized to execute said
agreement. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that $100 be allowed for necessary equipment and protective devises
for emergency standby power at the Police Station from the Union Pacific Railroad. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that he be allowed to send the city electrician to a meeting of
Electrical Workers at Los Angeles, California. That said electrician furnish the city with
an itemized statement of expenses. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	