As we stated to you before it would be highly advantageous to have this right of way
because this, as heretofore stated, would be the means of saving the City considerable ex-
pense as well as delay and inconvenience.

In all events, it is of the greatest importance that we have a decision upon this
application in the near future, because, if this application be rejected then we must im-
mediately undertake to condemn a pole line right of way.

We would appreciate your early advises upon the subject.

A copy of this letter goes to the Honorable Richard E. Kirman, Governor, Henry C.
Schmidt, State Controller, and Attorney General Mashburn.

By authority of the Board of City Commissioners.

	By L.L. Arnett

Ryland  G. Taylor	Mayor.

City Attorney.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned until Friday the 15th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 15th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th
day of November, 1935 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, and Ward,

City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Farnsworth.

Attorney Marshall appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the noises issuing 

from the Recreation Center at 127 Fremont Street. Mrs. Soss Proprietress of the Fremont
Hotel, adjoining the Recreation Center on whose behalf Mr. Marshall appeared was most anxious
that the noises be eliminated as soon as possible as same were disturbing the guests at the
Fremont Hotel. It was suggested that the bowling alley in the Recreation Center close at mid-

Mr. Marshall was informed that the Board in the very near future would take steps to (night)
have the noises lessened.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward, it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to L.L. Arnett. Application being in proper form
and money on file with the Clerk to cover same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

James Squires, as a representative of the Las Vegas City Band appeared before the Board,
and stated to the Board the operation of the band. Said band at this time consisting of thirty-
five members.

At this time a number of citizens appeared before the Board protesting the issuing of
a permit by the Board for the operation of a slaughter house on what is know as the Ullom
Property, near the Clark County Farm. Also persons interested in having the slaughter house
in operation appeared before the Board. No permit was granted at this time and none denied.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 19th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one fifteen P.M.