An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
the construction of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across the necessary streets, avenues
alleys, easements and lots, making connection with the public sewer; describing definitely the
location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid en-
tirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district,
hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the General Fund of said City of
Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for the payment thereof and
other matters relating there to," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance empowering, authorizing an d directing the ex-
officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a
special assessment to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas,
by the construction of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across certain streets, avenues,
alleys, easements, and lots, and making connections with the public sewer, according to the
plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts
of said assessments, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to
benefits; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for the payment thereof, and
other matters relating thereto," was read for a first time and laid over for the second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of July, 1932.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Money collected for the month of June as follows:

$27,233.94 Second half taxes

1,596.00	Poll Tax

450.00	Sale Cemetery Lots

67.00	Plumbing Permits.

6,216.52 Licenses, Fees.

______2,368.00	Municipal Court Fines

37,931.46	Total.

Money proportioned as follows:

$27,233.74	Sundry	funds	as per budget.

1,596.00	Street	Fund

67.00	W.S. &	L. Fund

450.00	Cemetery Fund

4,584.72	P and F Fund

4,000.00	General Fund

37,931.46	Total.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was moved and
carried that the following gaming and slot machine licenses be granted:

Jack Butler and Marsh 1 stud poker license and 2 crap tables.

E.B.Guffey 2 Slot machines
Geo. Robinson & Jack Weisberger 1 Slot machine

H.	Jefferies 		1 slot machine
T.L. McCarty 		1  "    " 

W.E. Ferron	 	13 "	    "

A.T.Spatz & W.A. Ferguson 2 slot machines

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of Rainbow Club, through, Geo. L. Dugan , agent
made and filed with the City Clerk on the 27th day of June, 1932, wherein it is recited that
Mrs. Thomas Rowan, and place of business in located at Nos. 127-129 South First Street in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and covers the following gaming licenses for the quarter year
beginning July 1, 1932 and ending Sept. 30, 1932, to-wit:

2 stud poker games
1 Twenty-one game
1 Roulette wheel
1 Keno Game
1 crap game

be and the same is hereby granted under the express condition, however, that said Keno game
shall be played only in the manner as 90 Ball Keno is known to the gambling profession and as