Ordinance Providing for the collection of a Dog License or Tax"

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

That Ordinance No. 12. of the City of Las Vegas  passed on the 6th, day of September
1911. and entitled " An Ordinance for the collection of a Dog license or Tax" be and the same is 
hereby amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Sec. 1. That from and after the first day of October 1911. there be and is hereby levied
upon and against each and every dog now in or which may hereafter come into the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, the following sum of money as license fees or taxes, viz:

For each male dog, two dollars,

For each female dog, five dollars.

Which said sum of money shall be due and must be paid annually on the first day of October

of each and every year, For each dog coming or brought into that said City after the day fixed



for the payment and collection of such license fee or tax the full annual license or tax for the

current year shall be immediately collected and paid.

Sect. 2, That it is hereby made the duty of every person owning or Keeping, entertaining
or harboring any dog, or owning or occupying the premises wherein any dog makes its home or place
of residence, to call upon and pay to the City Clerk and Ex-offico license Collector of said City
the license herein above provided for and fixed, and upon so paying said fee or tax to the said
official he shall give to the person so paying the same a receipt therefor together with a metal
tag bearing the legend " Dog Tax for—( the current year) Paid, Las Vegas, Nevada, " which tag
shall be consecutively numbered and record thereof kept by the official distributing and issuing
the same. And such tag shall be firmly fixed to a leathern or metal collar and constantly worn
by the dog upon which the tax or license has been paid.

Sec. 3. Any person who after the first day of October, 1911. shall own, keep, entertain
or harbor any dog upon which the said license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year
or who shall own, or keep, or occupy the premises whereon or wherein any dog upon which the said
license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year shall be maintained or kept, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined in any sum not less than five dollars and not exceeding
the sum of ten Dollars, for each and every such offence.

Sec. 4. After the first day of October, 1911, it shall be the duty of the police or the
member of the police force of the City of Las Vegas to immediately shoot, kill, or otherwise
destroy any dog which may be owned, kept, harbored or maintained in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

and upon which the license or tax for the current year has not been paid or which does not wear
a collar and tag advertising the fact of such payment: and for each and every animal so killed
or destroyed by any such police official, he shall be paid by the City of Las Vegas a fee of one
Dollar in addition to any salary he may at the time of such killing or destruction be receiving
and which fee shall cover all expenses of carrying away and disposing of the remains of any such
canine or dog. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and advertisement.
The foregoing ordinance was read aloud in full to the Board.
After due consideration by the Board it was, upon motion of Commissioner W.J. Stewart
seconded by Commissioner Ed Von Tobel, and duly carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance
be adopted as read and as an emergency ordinance, and the Clerk instructed to have the same
published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows:

Buol. Mayor, aye, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye,

At this time an ordinance amending ordinance No. 9. as passed by the Board at its regul-