LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MARCH 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of March,
1942.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Clark preside as Mayor pro tem due to
the absence of Mayor Garrison and that he be authorized to sign the warrants with the
clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux, voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, Pat Clark, Mayor pro tem called the meeting at the hour of 7:30
P. M. with the following members present. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, and Rubidoux.

City attorney, Paul Ralli. City purchasing agent, LeRoy Whipple and city clerk, Helen
Scott. Absent: Howell C. Garrison, Mayor.

Minutes of the meetings of February 16th, 21st and 27th were read and approved as
read.

 Mayor pro tem Clark stated that the committee heretofore appointed to meet with the
Las Vegas Land & Water Company relative to the conservation of water reported as follows:
That a man be hired at a salary of $150.00 per month to keep a check on the waste of
water. That the Water Company would assume the payment of $100 of said salary and the
city to assume the balance of $50.

City attorney, Paul Ralli, recommended that suit be filed every day in the Municipal
Court against Murray for violation of city ordinances.

An Ordinance entitled "An ordinance authorizing blackouts and air raid protection
measures, orders, rules and regulations, and providing a penalty for the violation thereof"
was read to the board for a second time and adopted by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none. Absent Mayor
Garrison.

Bids for tools for the street department from the following firms were opened at this
time.

Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company and Home Lumber Company.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of the Home Lumber Company in the sum of
$58.20, being the lowest bid submitted be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that warrants 643 to 651 inclusive be allowed and that the
Mayor pro tem and clerk be authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter signed by Edith M. Allan requesting permission to keep trailers in her yard
at 509 S. 4th Street was read.

A petition signed by several property owners near and around the foregoing address
protesting the violation of Trailer Ordinance No. 260 was read.

Thereafter, the clerk was instructed to write to Mrs. Allan notifying her to move said
trailers from said property by the 15th of March, 1942.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Municipal Judge for February, 1942,
accompanied by a check in the amount of $1,345.50 be accepted as read. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Rubidoux and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

R E S O L U T I O N