the freeway developed as it is now proposed; however, he did not see that it was
reasonable to expect that this housing project would be held until the removal of
these people from that area.

Mr. McLaughlin stated that he very much appreciated Commissioner Sharp's motion and
he thought this was a sensible approach to the problem; and further, that he would
suggest denial of this rezoning and then intensify the search for another location.
He continued they were not here to debate whether or not to have public housing but
the question was a matter of good City planning and it was a fundamental principle
of good planning that various land uses cannot be mixed and if this should happen
property value would be reduced to the lowest common denominator. He concluded with
the point that the Planning Commission had recommended denial and they would request
denial of the rezoning and then employ all facilities available to the activity of
     finding another suitable location.

Mayor Gragson asked if there was anyone else in favor of the rezoning who wished to
speak and Msgr. Lamb asked on what grounds was the petition taken against this
rezoning; were they against low-cost housing or the occupants of the low-cost
housing. He added that he hated to be controversial.

Commissioner Sharp stated that in regard to the tremendously high purchase price
mentioned by Mr. McLaughlin he wished to advise under Federal law the land would
have to be appraised and bought at that figure. Mr. McLaughlin stated that he
understood the price was $4,000.00 an acre and if this was correct he would suggest
it was above the price of land in the area, which he believed generally could be
bought for $2,500.00 an acre.

Commissioner Fountain said he appreciated the fine work of the Housing Authority in
the City of Las Vegas, and he also believed the Planning Department had done a
wonderful job. He stated all of the people were familiar with the situation and
was of the opinion there were many sites that might be suitable for this project.

He added that he could not conscientiously go against the recommendation of the
Planning Commission.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno
for reclassification of a portion of the NW¼, SE¼, Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E,

generally located between McWilliams and Washington, from RE to R-1	and R-2	be

denied as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Whipple qualified his vote stating in his opinion there was a
great need for additional public housing for the displacement and rehabilitation
program and all people should be vitally interested and help them to locate a
place for it. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote stating he was in agreement but
was not voting by reason that his firm is doing business with the Housing Authority.

REZONING	(Z-13-59)	The Commission considered the request of the Planning Commission to	rescind	their

Richard	Tam	approval of Rezoning 2-13-59 which was given at the City Commission	Meeting	of	May

20, 1959. This rezoning application was submitted by Richard Tam for reclassification 
Approval Rescinded                  of property north of San Francisco Avenue, between Fairfield Avenue and

Industrial Road, from R-4 to C-1 and was previously approved by the Planning
Commission on April 14th, 1959. This rezoning was included in a proposed ordinance
presently in committee, and action on this proposed ordinance, which would make
this rezoning official, was held in abeyance at the Commission Meeting held on
July 1, 1959.

Mr. Bills advised the Board that subsequent to the aforementioned approvals, the
owner submitted an application for a use permit to construct a filling station
which the Planning Commission felt was in direct conflict with the representation
made by the owner at the time of the public hearing.

This matter was again considered and discussed by the Planning Commission on July
9, 1959, and it was voted unanimously to rescind its recommendation of approval
and requested that the City Commission also rescind its approval of this rezoning
and eliminate it from the proposed ordinance and refer this matter back to the
Planning Commission for further study.

Commissioner Sharp moved the approval of Rezoning Z-13-59 given on May 20, 1959, be
rescinded and same be eliminated from the proposed ordinance and referred back to
the Planning Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

-oOo-

At the hour of 8:55 p.m. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of
9:20 p.m. with all members present as of the opening session.

-oOo-

LIQUOR APPLICATION               The Commission considered the application of Joseph Julian for a package liquor

New	and beer bar license at the Joe Julian Liquor Store, 2400 Las Vegas Boulevard South.

	There was a favorable police report on the applicant. This application was held in

Joe Julian Liquor Store                    abeyance at the regular meetings of the Board of City Commissioners held April 15

and May 6, 1959.

Continued to later in

this meeting	Sam Taylor, Secretary of the Clark County Licensed Beverage Association, addressed

the Commission stating reasons why this application should be denied. He stated
according to the present liquor ordinance there were no licenses of this type
available at this time and that what constitutes a shopping center has not been
clearly defined. He continued that outlying shopping centers eligibility for this
type of a license should be at the discretion of the Board and that many applications

7-15-59