SECTION 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she
shall publish notice of the said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review
the assessments at least once a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas. Said notice shall be in the form prescribed by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as afore-
said, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at
same adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which
may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and
said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description of the premises appearing
therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer
the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a
new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk
shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in
the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein
provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said
County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, the assessment Roll as confirmed by the
Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such confirmation, and of the date thereof.

The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra com-
pensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate
of the date of such recording whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have
notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all
courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof,
and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION 13. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the
date of confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or
parcel s of land assessed. The special assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien
on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until paid.

SECTION 14. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County
Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio T x Collector
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within two weeks after said special assessment roll is con-
firmed and approved, without interest and without demand; provided, that all such assessments,
or any part thereof, may, at the election of the fwner, be paid in installments, with interest,
as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said
period of two weeks shall be conclusively considered and held an election on the part of
all persons interested, whether under disability or other wise, to pay in such installments.

In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the
office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of
principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before
the 1st day of June, 1955, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable suc-
cessively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest
in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal from the 1st day of June,

1954, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment bond to be
hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%)
per annum, pa able annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual
payment of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June. 1955; and the remainder of
said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June in each
year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due,
shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and the
whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the
rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of
the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten
per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right
thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The
owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay
the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of
Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark
County, acting Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed
to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special column
for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-
officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized
and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State
and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected,
shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No.

100-26 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking
fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement
bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose
of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to
payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for
any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said
Ex-officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City
Assessor, whose name appears on said Assessment Roll, by United States of America Mail, that
an assessment has been levied against said person and the designated property in said Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-26, and shall state therein when and where said assess-
ment is due and payable.

SECTION 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance)
heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas and the officers of said City, directed toward the
constructing and reconstructing of sidewalks, curbs and gutters and otherwise improving certain
streets and parts of streets in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-26, toward
the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray
the entire cost thereof be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.