Morrill and Machabee, Inc Frank E. Wilber Co, Albright's Business Machines, A. Carlisle
and Co, Ditto Sales & Service, San Francisco. Ditto Sales & Service, Salt Lake City,

H. E. Sargent, Davidson Manufacturing Co., Utah Idaho School Supply Co and A. B. Dick
Company.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the report of the Municipal Judge be approved
for the month of August, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that Commissioner Smith be allowed to hire the
necessary person to complete a filing system regarding licenses of the city of Las Vegas
in geographical order and to purchase the necessary supplies. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the city attorney be instructed to prepare
an ordinance or amendment to ordinance 56 with the view of abolishing the Board of Cemetery
Trustees. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark. Vote: Commissioner Smith and Clark
voting aye. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor passing their vote.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application for a reduction in license for
Beauty parlors be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following 

vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner
Tinch passed his vote.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the application of Claude Atherton for an
electrical contractors license be accepted provided that the sum of $250.00 be deposited
with the city clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that R. J. Elser be hired as plumbing inspector
at a salary of $150 per month and an allowance of $10 for gasoline. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

At the hour of 11:05 P.M., meeting recessed for ten minutes.

Meeting called to order at the hour of 11:15 P.M., with all present as of the opening
session this date.	

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the General Construction Company be paid $1150.0
balance due them on the control tower at the airport said payment to be made when job accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the Board accept the bid of J. M. Murphy in the
sum of $100 for hanger at the airport. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioner Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that bids be let for two dump trucks for the street
department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the Basic Magnesium Company be allowed to
rent the Auditorium of the War Memorial Building for at least four months at a monthly
rental of $125.00, $75 per month for janitor services and to pay lights, gas, etc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the City Attorney made a report on matters that had heretofore been
referred to him.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the Health Center be furnished temporary
quarters in the War Memorial Building in the Lounge Room. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made amotion that all motions be presented in writing and thereafter
filed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Clark voted no.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commissioner
Smith made a motion that we adjourn until September 5, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 5th, 1941

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 5th
day of September, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Meeting called to order by his Honor the Mayor, Howell C. Garrison with the following
members present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux. Deputy City Attorney
Madison B. Graves. Deputy City Clerk, LeRoy Whipple. Absent: Helen Scott, city clerk.

The City Attorney was requested to furnish a written opinion on the status of a