
the Clerk was directed to issue a gaming license for two games to the above named applicants at the



Miner's Union Club on First Street. Voting Commissioners Mundy Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.

Heese, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK

COUNTY, NEVADA. April 15th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada held on the 15th day of April, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and W.H. Elwell, together with the
City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk, Commissioners Hammond and Smith being absent.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication from the State of Board

of Finance of the State of Nevada: 



STATE BOARD OF FINANCE.

Meeting held March 29,1925.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners of City
of Las Vegas TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the
State Board of Finance, duly called and met in session under
and pursuant to the provisions of that certain act of the
Legislature of Nevada entitled " An Act Regulating the Fiscal
Management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and Other
Governmental Agencies," approved March 22,1917, as amended 1919,

		that a great necessity or emergency has arisen in the City

of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that necessity
now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by
and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners for the
purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by
the preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of
said Board of City Commissioners duly called and held on the
22nd day of March, 1926, authorizing a temporary loan for the
purposes set forth in said resolution, a duly certified copy
of which is now on file and of record in the office of the
State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention
to adopt said emergency resolution was duly published according
to law; therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act
and resolution of said Board of City Commissioners of City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of
Twenty Four Hundred Dollars as in said resolution set forth and
authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further
RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution
be transmitted by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance
to said Board of City Commissioners in order that the sane
may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners, as provided by law.

I,	George M. Southward, certify that I am the duly authorized
and acting Secretary of the State Board of Finance and that the
foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of a resolution duly
adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at a