Las Vegas Nev.

April 7, 1937

Wright L. Felt
State Director P W.A.

Reno, Nevada.

Final papers on insurance for both contractor and subcontractors left here by mail Monday
stop If not received kindly advise.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a copy of a petition presented to the Board at this time be forwarded to the U.P. R.R.
agent, and that the original petition be placed on file with the Clerk. Said petition ask that
the Board of Commissioners take necessary steps to abate very unhealth conditions in the
vicinity of the Signal Maintainors house.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of residents
in the 500 block on south Main Street asking that steps be taken to suppress unnecessary
noises about the warehouses on the opposite side of the street.	

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that this
petition be given attention by the Police Dept. of the City and the same was handed to Mr.
Krause, Police Commissioner for disposal.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
Clerk again write to Gilbert Roes and ask that the City be supplied with a detailed report
of the progress of all W.P.A. projects now under construction and sponsored by the City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
and adjourned until the 12th day of April, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 12th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 12th day of April, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present were Mayor Arnett Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the following licenses for the second quarter year be granted:

Frank Kernan	2	slot machines	Sweet Shoppe	28	S.M.

Geo. M. Crone	2	"	"	Fremont Tavern	3	S.M.

Sam Stearns	4	"	"	Al Kahre	1	S.M.

Downtown Camp	2	"	"

Vote: Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Down was appointed by the Mayor to serve on an advisory and planning
committee composed of one member of the Board of County Commissioners, one member of the
City Commissioners, a member of the Chamber of Commerce, and a member of the Jr. Chamber
of Commerce, and one member of the Boulder City Chamber of Commerce.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and car-
ried that the Clerk write Gilbert Ross and enclose a copy of the following letter, and ask
that Mr. Ross cooperate with the City in receiving more detailed report of the W.P.A. pro-
jects under construction in the City of Las Vegas and sponsored by the City.

INDIVIDUAL PROJECT REPORT

Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 6, 1937.

From: C.J. Mackey, Local Manager, WPA
To: Gilbert C. Ross, State Administrator,

Nevada Works Progress Administration,

303 South Center Street, Reno, Nevada.