Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this petition for vacation denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the petition for the vacation of a portion of South 3rd
Street and Wyoming Avenue. This petition was approved by the Planning Commission and
the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for vacation of a portion of South 3rd Street
and Wyoming Avenue be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Franklin Bills, Planning Director stated that the Planning Commission had approved
the tentative map of Moss Tract No.	4 subject	to the dedication	of an alley to	the	City.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the	tentative	map of Moss	Tract	No. 4 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and	His Honor	voting aye;	noes,	none.

Consideration was given at this time to the request of K.	Moore	and J. Bureski	to use	the

buildings at 1635 and 1639 E. Charleston Boulevard for six professional offices. The
Planning Commission recommended that this use permit be approved providing that only
four professional offices be allowed.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for a use permit be approved subject to only
four buildings being allowed and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a
regular meeting on the 19th day of January, 1955, having considered the application of
K. Moore and J. Bureski for a Use Permit to use the buildings at 1635 and 1639 E.
Charleston Boulevard for six professional offices; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment recommending
that this application be approved for four professional offices;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of K. Moore and
J. Bureski for a Use Permit to use the buildings at 1635 and 1639 E. Charleston Boulevard
for four professional offices be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George Wade recommended the final acceptance and release of bond in McNeil
Tract No. 2.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the improvements in McNeil Tract No. 2 be accepted
and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the fourth and final payment be made to Richard Bledsoe,
architect for the Recreation Center, in the amount of $2,400.00, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett and Mayor Baker.

At this time City Engineer George Wade recommended the condemnation of the alley north of
the Dollar Market on North Main Street to Bonanza Road.

Commissioner Sharp moved this condemnation be referred to the City Attorney's office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George Wade recommended the approval of the final map of Sunset Manor.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the final map of Sunset Manor be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the request for condemnation of 28-30-32 Fremont Street was considered by the
Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this condemnation of 28-30-32 Fremont Street be referred
to the Board of Appeals for immediate action and report back to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

1-19-55

VACATION -
South 3rd &

Wyoming Avenue

MOSS TRACT NO. 4
Tentative Map

USE PERMIT -
Moore & Bureski
U-48-54

McNEIL TRACT #2
Acceptance and
Release of Bond

RECREATION CENTER
Architect's Final
Payment

CONDEMNATION -
Alley No. Main
to Bonanza

SUNSET MANOR
Final Map

CONDEMNATION
28-32 Fremont St.