NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

H. Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, on Wednesday
the 14th day of April, 1937 at the hour of five o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon
the following:

1.	To meet with Labor Council and Contractors and discuss wages and labor on street work of L s
Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3.

Bated this 14th day of April, 1937.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned mayor and commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
14th day of April, 1937 at the hour of five o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause Marble and
Perry City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. Older of the PWA for Nevada, Engineer Baker, James Farndale of the Labor Council and Mr.
Bebek of the Firm of Bebek and Brkich, contractors were present at this time, and a general
discussion as to wages and hours for employees on the L.V. 1937 Street Improvement Project
was discussed.

No definite action as to wages, hours and rates was taken but it was understood by those
present that the project would function in a manner satisfactory to all concerned.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY
OF LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
APRIL 15th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of April, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Messrs. Farndale, Jolley and Stortem appeared before the Board and ask that the Board of
Commissioners assist the Federal State Employment Office in securing housing space in the
Federal Post Office Building. They were informed that if the Post Office Authorities saw
fit to granted the use of an office in the Federal Building for an Employment Office they
would not object.

Mr. Mackie, the purchaser of Block 5 in the South Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
from the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board and ask that he be granted an extension
of time of the paying off of the balance due on the said sale.

Mr. Taylor, City Attorney was directed to draw up the necessary paper allowing an ex-
tension of time, and Mr. Mackie paid the interest now due to date.

On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the second quarter year be allowed:

A. F. Smith	1,	C and C Co;	3,	Read	City Drug	3,

E.P. Bihlmaier	16 E.D.Cilicax	2, C.C. Underhill	5.

J.M. Sills	2,	John Stathis	1,	Judd	Partker

L.L. Arnett	44,	Vegas Sweet Shoppe	3.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.