257

Walter Butterly	Butterly's Cafe

L. R. Schway	Food Center Inc.

Carl F. Amante	Nevada Biltmore Bar

& Casino

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing licenses be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following new gaming applications were presented to the Board
New — 3rd Quarter for their consideration:

Virgil H. Dillehunt	Malt Shop	5th & Carson	3	slots

William H. Elwell	Hotel Elwell	204 S. 1st	1	RH Book

Helen B. Kelly	Patsy's Restaurant	1039 S. Main	3	slots

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing applications
for the 3rd quarter of 1948 be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved	that the application of	Harry Farnow for	one

Harry Farnow	"21" game, one Roulette,	at the Boulder Drug Co.,	121 Fremont, be	denied.

Denied

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved	that the application of	Harry Farnow for	a

Harry Farnow	retail tavern liquor license at the Boulder Drug	Co., 121 Fremont,

Denied	be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

LIQUOR APPLICATION Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Harry Z. Clarke,

H.Z. Clark --	Cut Rate Liquor Store, 132 South 5th, for a Sealed Package Liquor

Cut Rate Liquor Store license be referred to the Police Department for recommendation.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and Carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

LIQUOR APPLICATION Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Paul R. Gang formerly
Paul R. Gang	located at 215 Fremont Street, requesting that his license continue

	until he find a location, be held in abeyance until Mr. Gang obtains

	his location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

LIQUOR APPLICATION Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of the Save Rite Drug
Save Rite Drug	Stores Inc., 18 Fremont, James Pringle Manager to transfer their retail

	package liquor license from the above mentioned address to their store

located at 215 Fremont Street, Las Vegas, Nevada for the 3rd quarter of
1948, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	The following new retail restaurant beverage and retail beverage

New -- 3rd Quarter	license applications for the 3rd quarter were presented to the Board

for their consideration.

Poydras Johnson	Tropical Drive Inn Cafe

Helen B. & Lester Kelly	Patsy's Restaurant

Hickory Wood Bar-B-Q Inc.	Same

Jack 0. Sloan	Coney Island

Herman Wood & John H. Wood	Wood Bros. Drive In

G.	C. Luzier	Cliff's 5th St. Mkt.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing applications be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.