OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 25th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 25th day
of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time and Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance regulating dry cleaning plants
in the City of Las Vegas, providing penalties for the violation thereof, and other matters
relating thereto, and repealing allordinances, and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith,"
was read for the first time and laid over for a second reading.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance Regulating the Construction and Maintenance
of Garages, Filling Stations, and the Storage of Gasoline and other Inflammable Liquids and
High Explosives Within the City of Las Vegas, and Repealing all Ordinances and parts of
Ordinances in Conflict Therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a second
reading.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the Erection,
Construction, Enlargement, Alteration, Repair, Moving, Removal, Demolition, Conversion, Occu-
pancy, Equipment, Use High, Area, and Maintenance, of all buildings and/or structures in
the City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of Permits, and collection thereof; declar-
ing and establishing Fire Zones; Repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-59-61-72 of the City of
Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

The resignation of the Deputy City Attorney Dan V. Noland was presented to the Board
for its consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
resolution was adopted:

Whereas Dan V. Noland, Deputy City Attorney for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has
voluntarily tendered his resignation as such officer and has requested the immediate
acceptance thereof,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved that the resignation of Mr. Noland be and the same is
hereby accepted, and his bondsmen are hereby relieved from further obligation on account
of the bond of said Deputy City Attorney.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time the Board Look up the matter of the City license on gaming tables in
the City of Las Vegas. No decision was reached at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 26th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 29th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Held on the 29th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, Smith and German, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

The plat of Williams Addition was presented to the Board for its approval. Same being
approved by the City Planning Commission.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the Plat of Williams Addition be approved, that same be signed by the Mayor, and attest by
the City Clerk under the Seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The Plat of the the Rose Garden Addition was presented to the Board for its approval.
same being approved by the City Planing Commission.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
said Plat be approved, and that same be signed by the Mayor and attest by the City Clerk under
the Seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of providing for a drainage system for the southwest part of the City
was next brought before the Board for consideration. City Engineer Thompson was directed to
look into the matter and see what type of system could best be used in caring for the flood
waters during the rainy seasons.

The Board again considered that matter of setting the license on gaming tables
for the City of Las Vegas, but no decision was reached at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Saturday the 28 day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.