At this time the Board considered the matter of improving the park site, and City Eng-
ineer Thomas, and Mayor Hesse were instructed to look over the plans that had been presented
to the Board, and make changes if necessary so that work might be commenced in the near fut-
ure in setting out trees, and securing water.

A letter from the City Engineer was read to the Board in regard to the condition of the
Durite paving on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas, also a copy of a letter sent to
Merritt, Chapman and Scott Corp; asking them to route their trucks over different streets, as
the heavy trucking done from their yard at Main and Garces Sts; is doing considerable damage
to the streets in that vicinity.

The members of the Board were go over the matter with the City Engineer and report at
an early meeting of the Board.

The Board at this time discussed securing Federal Aid on Fremont Street. Mr. C.C. Boyer
appeared before the Board and stated that about 88% of the cost of construction would be
covered by Federal Aid, and the additional 12% by the City of Las Vegas. No definite action
was taken at this time.

No further business ap earing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 6th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 6th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 6th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and German together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

A number of interested citizens appeared before the Board at this time in regards
to the securing of Federal Aid on Fremont Street from 12th St. to the City Limits.

Mr. C.C. Boyer explained to them the way the costs wold be divided.

Other Citizens who spoke before the Board on this matter were, C. P. Squires, Dr.

R. W. Martin, O.A. Kimball, and several others.

No definite action taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 7th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 7th, 1951.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 7th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German, and Smith.

At this time the Board appointed Donald Williams, a master electrician, as the third
member on the Board of Examination, for Electrical Contractors in the City of Las Vegas.

City Engineer Thompson was directed to stake out places for the plant ng of trees on
the park site. Said portion to be improved is approximately three hundred fifty feet deep
from Third St. to Fifth St.

Was reported at this meeting that Mr. Alkire, Nurseryman, had ordered suitable trees
that could be planted on said site.

At this time the Board again considered the improving of Fremont Street from Eighth
Street to the City Limits east of the City with Federal Aid. After some discussion the following 
Resolution was duly adopted:

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, it is the sense of this Board that the City of Las Vegas take advantage
of the opportunity to obtain Federal Aid on building a highway on a protion of Fremont
Street to the easterly City limits of said City in order to connect with the Federal Aid
Highway to the vicinity of Hoover Dam,

Now therefore, be it Resolved, that the City does hereby authorize the Highway
Department of the State of Nevada to take such steps as are necessary to make the surveys
and to construct a thirty foot in width strip along Fremont Street from the westerly limit
of Eighth Street to the easterly limit of the City of Las Vegas to connect with said above
named road to the vicinity of Hoover Dam, and that the City Clerk notify said State High-
way Department of the action of this Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Nones none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed