Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
Las Vegas, Nevada January 1, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the city of Las Vegas held
on the above mentioned date.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city were allowed except the claim of the Light & Power Company which
was reduced from $165.00 to $160.00 on account of not sufficient funds in the Light Funds and all
claims are booked and filed with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time upon motion being duly made and carried that the office of night police in and for
the city of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby vacated.

It was upon motion being duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until January
3, 1919 at 10:00 A. M.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada January 3, 1919,

All Commissioners present with the Clerk and the City Attorney.

At this time it appeared to the Board of the City Commissioners that owing to the
discontinuance of the Liquor License in the city of Las Vegas, the city funds will not be
sufficient for the year 1919, especially so the Light Department and it was upon motion made by
Commissioner Miller and seconded by Commissioner Ball that the following resolution be adopted.

"Whereas, the contract with Consolidated Power & Telephone Company for the furnish-
ing of electric light to the City of Las Vegas, under and by virtue of that certain re-
solution adopted by this Board on February 18, 1918, expired by the terms of said Re-
solution on January 1, 1919, and

"Whereas on account of the low condition of funds in the special fund for light
purposes it is not deemed advisable at this time to renew said contract for a long
period of time,

"NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved that the Commissioner of Lights, Sewerage and Water,
the Hon. W. H. Elwell be and he is hereby authorized on behalf of this Board to enter
into arrangements with said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company for the furnishing or
electric light at the rate of $1.25 per light per month, but such arrangement to be
  only from month to month until the further order of this Board, and provided further that
the number of lights to be supplied shall immediately be reduced to one-half the number
now being supplied and that the lights to be maintained and those to be discontinued be
designated by said Commissioner of Lights, Sewerage and Water to said Consolidated Power
and Telephone Company. It being further understood that the arrangement for supervision
and such light system shall be the same as provided for in said Resolution of February
18, 1918, but that the arrangement so to be made with said Consolidated Power & Tele-
phone Company be terminable at the pleasure of this Board upon notice to said Company.

"Be it further resolved that a certified copy of this Resolution be served upon said
Company.

"The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Miller, Elwell, Ullom