To Carrie L. Blood under Ordinance No. 152, Asst. 14:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$3.27

Lot 30,	B1ock	39,	aforesaid-------------$3.93

Lot 31,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$4.58

Lot 52,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$5.24

To Helen C. Armistead under Ordinance No. 152, Asst. No. 14.

Lot 29,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------§3.01

Lot 30,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$3.61

Lot 31,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$4.21

Lot 32,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$4.81.

Dated this 2nd day of October 1930.

Respectfully submitted,

F. C. De Vinney
Ex-Officio City assessor.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was
moved that the fore going report be confirmed, and accepted.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 23rd day of October 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 23rd, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, held on the 23rd day of October. 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, together with
the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of October 15th read and approved as read.

The bill of Dr. N. Michelena for $35.00 for care of City prisoner was allowed
same being approved by Police & Fire Commissioner, and O.J. Smith acting Finance Com-
missioner, and approved by Mayor Hesse, for $35.00

The gaming application of Las Vegas Club was next brought before the Board, and
upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith a license for the
operation of two gaming tables was granted. Said application being accompanied by §150.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The gaming application of Boulder Club for the operation of three tables with
§250.00 accompanying said application was next brought before the Board. Upon motion of
Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the license be grant-
ed.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The gaming application of J. R. Boyer for the operation of two gaming tables, and
the sum of §150.00 covering same having been deposited with the City Clerk was next consider
ed, and upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
said license be granted.

Vote on said motion was a follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of the Chas. Taylor company was next considered. Said appli-
cation being accompanied by a check for $150.00 signed by one Henry Wong, for the oper-
ation of two tables. Names of members of said Chas. Taylor Co; and the name of the manager
being on said application. After a lengthy discussion upon motion of Commissioner Hansell,
seconded by Mayor Hesse it was moved that the license be granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. and Commissioner Thomas voting No.

Mr. John Miller appeared before the Board at this time asking that the Board
of Commissioners again consider the widening of Fremont Street from Main Street to Second
Street. After some discussion by the Board the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that the City Planning Commission investigate the widening of Fre-
mont Street from Main to Second St, and present a written report to the Board for their
consideration at a meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on the 31st day of Oct-
ober at the hour of three o'clock P.M.