Said Special Assessments made and levied to defray said cost, with accruing interest thereon,
constitute a lien upon and against the property upon which such assessments were made and
levied from and after the 13th day of June, 1952, the date upon which the Assessment Roll
therefor was confirmed and approved by the Board of Comissioners of said City.

It is hereby certified, recited and declared that all acts, conditions and things essential
to the validity of the bond exist, have happened and have been done in due time, form and manner
as required by law, and that the total issue of said improvement bonds of said City for Said
improvements and incidental expenses, including this bond, does not exceed the amount authorized
by law nor the special assessments levied to cover to cost of said improvements.

It is hereby further certified, recited and declared that the proceedings, with reference to
making such improvements and levying the assessments to pay therefor, have been regularly had and
taken in compliance with law, and that all prerequisites to the fixing of the assessment lien against
the property benefited by the improvements and of the personal liability of the owner or owners of
such property therefor have been performed.

This bond is subject to the condition, and every holder thereof by accepting the same agrees
with the obligor and every subsequent holder hereof, that (A) the delivery of this bond to any
transferee shall vest title in this bond and in the interest coupons attached hereto in such trans-
feree to the same extent for all purposes as would the delivery under like circumstances of any
negotiable instrument payable to bearer; (B) the obligor and any agent of the obligor may treat the
bearer of this bond as the absolute ownere hereof for al1 purposes, and shall net be affected by any
notice to the contrary; (C)the principal of and the interest on this bond shall be paid, and this
bond and each of the coupons appertaining thereto are transferable, free from and without regard to
any equities between the obligor and the original or any intermediate holder hereof, or any set-offs
of cross-claims; and (D) the surrender to the obligor or any agent of the obligor of this bond
and each of the coupons shall be a good discharge to the obligor for the same.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has caused this bond to be signed by its
Mayor, countersigned by its City Treasurer, and its corporate seal to be affixed hereto and attested
and countersigned by its City Clerk, and the annexed coupons to bear the facsimile signatures of
said officials, and this bond to be dated as of the first day of July, 1952.

(SEAL)

MAYOR

Countersigned:

Attested and	_________________

Countersigned	CITY TREASURER

CITY CLERK

(Coupon Form)

(For bonds 1 through 140, inclusive)

(A)	$ 14-.88
(B)	16.00
(c	40.00
(Dl	1.49
(E)	1.60
(F)	4.00

NO.

On the first day of July, 1953,.. (unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has
been called for prior redemption) the City of Las vegas, County of Clark, STATE of Nevada,
will pay the bearer hereof the sum of

(A) Fourteen and Eighty-Eight one Hundredths Dollars
(b) Sixteen Dollars
(C) Forty Dollars

(d) One and Forty Nine one Hundredths Dollars

(E)	One And Sixty one Hundreths Dollars 

(F)	Four Dollars

In lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated the "Assessment
District No. 100-17 Street improvement bond interest and redemption fund," or in the event said
fund shall be insufficient therefor out of its general fund, at the offices of the City Treasurer
of said City, being one year's interest on its "Assessment District No. 100-17 Street improvement
bond, series of July 1, 1952," and bearing

NO.

Mayor

CITY TREASURER

CITY CLERK

(A) (B) (C) (Insert as amount of "A" Coupons for bonds in denomination of $371.88, $400.00. and
$1,000.00 respectively.)

(D)(E) (F) (Insert as amount of "B" Coupons for bonds in denomination of $371.88, $400.00 and
$1,000.00 respectively.)

*(Insert inall coupons (Except No. l) maturing on and after one year from date on each bond.)