Vegas. Voting Commissioner Brickie ,Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner 



Martin, Aye Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones Aye. Noes, None.

The question of the support of the City Library coming on before the Board it was moved by
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly carried that the sum of $75.00 per
month be allowed for the support of the City library, and that of is amount $60.00 per month be
allowed as the salary of the librarian: and it was further ordered that the present library board
be retained. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye Commissioner Martin, Aye;
Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the question of the appointment of a cemetery board coming on before the
Board it was moved by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that the present
cemetery board be retained until the further order of this Board.

The question of the appointment of a Sewer and Plumbing Inspector coming on before
the Board upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Martin, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that L.R. Hilkie be appointed to fill the position of Sewer and
Plumbing Inspector. Voting, Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner
Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and his Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The question of the compensation of the Sower and Plumbing Inspector coming on before
the Board it was moved by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens that the Sewer
and Plumbing Inspector be allowed an amount each month, equal to the amount of fees collected
for Sewer and Plumbing permits. Voting, Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye Com-
missioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner, Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Mayor, H.T. Jones, recommended to the Commissioner of Fire and Police
that steps be taken toward the erection of a suitable addition to the Firehouse as headquarters
for the police department, and farther recommended that a telephone, signals, etc. be installed for
the protection of the citizens. This recommendation was unanimously approved by the Board.

At this time the clerk presented the following petition:

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 28, 1921

TO THE BOARD 0F CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

The undersigned, citizens of the City of Las Vegas, realizing the
faithful and efficient services rendered by Joe May as a policeman dur-
ing the past two years, and realizing further the necessity of the City
having at least two policeman in service ,one of whom to patrol the resid-
ence portion of the City and to care for estray stock must be mounted,
and the other to watch the stores and a tend fire protection must remain
in the business portion of the city, respectfully petition and request
your Honorable body to retain Joe May as a policeman of this city, believing 

that the best interests of the city will be thereby promoted.

He is a man of family, has been a resident of the City for the past
sixteen years, and has we believe, faithfully lived up to the orders of his
department and executed the law without fear or favor .

Name

A. R. Anderson
Hauley Paesky
Albert Wittwer
J.M. Ullom

C. V. T. Gilbert
S.F. Herman
Roy Goodwin
John F. Miller
Geo. Montgomery
Geo. Crouse

D.	PEcetto
Ira Earl

Ed. W. Clark Fwd. Co.

by Ed. W. Clark
C.C. Ronnow
R.B. Sproul
C. Wengert

C. L. Ronnow
Jack Price
Lester W. Stocker
O.C. Stocker
F. BOnebrake

F. Parks

H.W. Ball
Chas. P. Squires
Joe Keate
W.E. Seare

R.J. Oppedyk

M. E. Ward

Earl B. Gratto
Chas. C. Corkhill
Mrs. H.L. Warren
Ernest Kessler
Mrs. E. Kessler
O.E. Kachl
H.N. Anderson
C.F. Angle
C.M. Bailey
Dave Kramer
M.I. Newkirk
C.W. Perry
Mrs. L.A. Crowley
F.L. Duncan
O.P. Naylor
R.E. Naylor

R.	A. Colton
W.E. Arnold
Henry Rapohl
J.W. Lightfoot
H.M. Towner

C.A. French
Henry Mills
Frank Black

S. Aguirre
Douglas Gillam

Wm. P. Truden

Arthur F, Smith, Sr.
S.S. Harris
Bert Nay
Beckie Nay
M.J. Sullivan
W.I. Roberts
R. Jones
W.A. Harris

E.H. Hunting
Jose La Vera
A.G. Hurd
R.R. Foote
Frank Newlin
Fred E. Lockwood
L.L. Miller
Frank Chamberlin
Gunn Supply Co.

by A.E. Jones
Andrew W. Kane
Chas. W. Jones
C.P. Kuhlman
Cleto Aguirre
Ada Martin
J.W. Keith
R.W. Bishop
Cora D. Bishop
Anna Hooper
Mrs. H.W. Ball