197

BIDS #48.2	This being the time set for the opening of bids for fertilizer and

	grass seed. Bids from the following firms were received: Garden

Center $1,110.00; Sears, Roebuck & Co., $1280.00; Nevada Nursery
$1123.80; Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co., $1065.00; Porter-
Walton Co., $810.50 (Partial Bid)

BIDS #48.3	This being the time set for opening of bid on shrubbery, bids having

	been received from the following firms:	Garden Center $1204.98;

Nevada Nursery $1226.45; Evergreen Garden & Gift Shop $1340.90;

Paul J. Howard's California Flowerland $203.00 (partial bid).

Thereafter, the foregoing bids 48.2 and 48.3 were referred to the
comptroller for computation.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of January 7th be approved

by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #1360-1366, both inclusive,

in the net sum of $22,029.46 be approved and the Mayor and City clerk
	authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants #1367-

WARRANTS	1371, both inclusive, in the sum of $84,717.39 be approved and the

	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by

	Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

BID #48.1 AWARDED	It having been found that the bid of the Western Heating and Ventilating

Company for installation of air coolers at the War Memorial Building
was the low bid, Commissioner Whipple moved that the bid $48.1 be
awarded to Western Heating & Ventilating Co. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Baskin.

SWIMMING POOL CHLORINE Two bids having been received for the furnishing of chlorine gas

PURCHASE	for the swimming pools, one from the Luippold Engineering Sales Co.,

of Los Angeles, California, and one from Stauffer Chemical Co., Los
Angeles Division, Los Angeles, California. The bid of the Stauffer
Chemical Company for the purchase of approximately 4,000 pounds of
liquid chlorine in one ton cylinders at $60.00 per ton of 2,000
pounds; together with a deposit of $200.00 for each 1-ton cylinder,
which is refundable. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SWIMMING POOL BATH-	Commissioner Clark moved that the final claim of N. P. Van Valkenburgh

Houses Final Claim	Company in the sum of $7,489.99 for construction of the swimming pool

N. P. Van Valkenburg bath houses be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign the warrant. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Baskin.

RESOLUTION R/W	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner

Moore and carried unanimously the following resolution was adopted

	and order made;



BE IT RESOLVED this 22nd day of January, 1948, by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada
that the deed dated the 26th day of December, 1947 executed by the
Signal Oil Company by W. H. Nickell, Vice-President and A. E Stebbings,
Assistant Secretary, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada and that the real properties described therein be and is
hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said Deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the
records of this Board.

TAXI CAB LICENSES	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following taxi cab licenses be

	granted:

Union Cab, C. W. Lane	2	cabs

Lucky Cab Co.	11	cabs

(Tanner Motor Co., Inc.,

(Gray Line	7	cabs

Frontier Taxi Co. M. C. Quelch	3	cabs

Tanner Motor Tours of Nev. Ltd.	10	U-Drive	cabs

Checker Cab Corp. A. Lawson	3	cabs

Victor Whittlesea	8	cabs

Boulder Taxi, Lee Speirs	5	cabs

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

GRANT OF EASEMENT	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner Moore,

	and carried unanimously, the following resolution was adopted, and

order made: