195

Bidders are required to submit a 

bid specifying (a) the !lowest rate
of interest and premium, if any, above
par at which the bidder will purchase
said bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of
interest at which the bidder will 

purchase said bonds at par. The bonds
will be sold to the bidder making the
best bid, subject to the right of the
corporate authorities of the City of
Las Vegas to reject any and all bids
and re-advertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at
less than par and accrued interest,
nor will any discount or commission
be allowed or paid on the sale of such
bonds. All bids shall be sealed and,
except the bid of the State of Nevada,
shall be accompanied by a deposit of
five per cent either cash or certified
cheek, of the amount of the bid,
which will be returned if the bid is
not accepted; and if the successful
bidder shall fail or neglect to com-
plete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty days following the ac-
ceptance of his bid, the amount of his
deposit shall be forfeited to the City
of Las Vegas, and, in that event,
the corporate authorities of said City
may accept the bid of the one making
the next best bid, or if all bids are
rejected, such authorities may re-
advertise said bonds for sale. If
there be two or more equal bids and
such bids are the best bids received,
and are not less than par and ac-
crued interest, the corporate author-
ities will determine which bid shall 

be accepted.

The legality of the bonds will be
approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bos-

without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas Nevada, this
22nd day of December, A. D., 1947.

E. W. CRAGIN,

Mayor.

(SEAL)

Dec. 24, 31, Jan. 7, 14, 21.

His Honor, the Mayor, stated that this was the time and place de-
signated in such notice of sale for the opening of bids for the
purchase of such bonds, and the City Clerk was authorized and in-
structed to open and read said bids, which were as follows:

STATE OF NEVADA
NEVADA INDUSTRIAL COMMISSION
CARSON CITY

Carson City, Nevada
January 20, 1948

City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Gentlemen:

We herewith submit our bid on $250,000.00 Bonds;
designated as "Las Vegas Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of
January 1, 1948", numbered from 1 to 250; in the denomination
of $1,000 each, and maturing serially in numerical order,

$3,000 on January 1, 1949 and $13,000.00 on January lst in
each of the years from 1950 to 1968; as follows: as per
your notice of sale.

We bid at par and at an interest rate of 2 1/2% per
annum, payable semi-annually.

We will accept delivery on these bonds in lots of
$50,000 or more.

Yours very truly,

Nevada Industrial Commission

D. J. Sullivan

Chairman

After careful consideration by the Board of City Commissioners
of the various bids, Commissioner Clark introduced and moved the
adoption of the following Resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, in response of official advertisement for bids on
$250,000.00 Las Vegas, Nevada, Storm Sewer Bonds, Series of January
1, 1948, it has been determined that the bid of Nevada Industrial
Commission Carson City of Nevada, is the highest, best and most
advantageous bid received for the purchase of said bonds, and that
it is to the advantage of Las Vegas, Nevada, and the taxpayers
thereof, that said bid be accepted.

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved that the bid of Nevada
Industrial Commission of Carson City, Nevada be and the same is
hereby accepted, which bid is as follows, to-wit:

D. J. Sullivan, Chairman
Chas. Huber, Commissioner
R. N. Gibson, Commissioner