Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 10th, 1914.

At a regular special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City



of Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to special call given by the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of said City of Las
Vegas Nevada. on the 9th, day of June 1914. the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada meet in special session on the 10th, day of June A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
Mayor, with Commissioners Curtiss, Sullivan, and Griffith., where upon the Clerk of said Board
filed the following report with the Board showing notice as given to said members of said Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 9th, 1914.

To Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk.

You are hereby notified that I have called a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 10th, day of
June 1914, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. on said day for the purpose of considering
the appointment of an City Attorney which office has been created vacant by the resignation
of F.A. Stevens and to further consider the statue of the office of Fire and Police commissioner
And you are hereby directed to give- notice to each member of said Board of the time place and
object of said meeting.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor of said City.

Filed June 9th, 1914. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 9th, 1914.

To E.E. Smith. P.J. Sullivan, John B. Curtiss

E.W. Griffith, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Nevada and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins.

Sirs:-

Your are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of said

City a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners will be held at the office of the City

Clerk in the City of Las Vegas on the 10th, day of June A.D. 1914. at the hour of seven thirty

o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering the appointment of an City Attorney which office has

been created vacant by the resignation of F.A. Stevens and to further consider the statutes of the office
of Fire and Police Commissioner. 	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon Clerk. (SEAL)

Filed June 9th, 1914. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada do hereby certify

that I received the above notice from his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins on the 9th, day of June

1914. and that I served the above notice of each of the Commissioners of said City by posting
in the united States post office at Las Vegas Nevada postage prepaid to each of the above named
Commissioners.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada this 9th, day of June 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Filed June 9th, 1914. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

each of the above named commissioners duly acknowledged receipt of the above notice except
Commissioner E.E. Smith whom is absent from said City on leave of absence as issued on the 9th, day
of June 1914. The business of said meeting was for the purpose of selecting and appointing a
City Attorney for said City, whereby it was upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by
Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried ordered that the said A.S. Henderson be and is hereby
appointed to the office of City Attorney in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. upon his filing
a good and sufficient bond in the sum of one thousand dollars and taking the oath of office. the