Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to he published once
a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading
and adoption in the Las Vegas Morning Sun, a daily newspaper published
in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately follow-
ing the second publication hereof.

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing
ordinance. The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the
roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Those voting nay; none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordi-
nance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner
Bunker that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended
the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and the
same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage
and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of
the rules, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye;

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp. Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced
and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner
Bunker seconded the motion, and the question being upon its passage, the
roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed
upon its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted
as read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the
motion. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance,
the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted
in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed
and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 597.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing that a public
hearing on the creation of Assessment District No. 199-25 be held April 12,

1954, be adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided in Emergency
Ordinance No. 597, passed, adopted and approved this 31st day of March, 1954; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 597 discloses the intention and
determination of said Board of Commissioners to create said district and
construct said improvements by special assessment made according to frontage; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 597 provides a time certain for
hearing protests against said proposed improvements and directing that notice
thereof be given, such time of the protest hearing being 8:00 o'clock P.M.
on the 12th day of April, 1054.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 31st day of
March, 1954, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of said hearing once a week
for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to post notice of said hearing
in at least three public places near the site of the proposed work; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following
emergency ordinance, which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and
is as follows:

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-26

Determination to Create