Mr. Morse continued stating that they had met with the Chief of Police and City
Manager a couple of days ago and reviewedjthe operation of the game with them. He
said that Mr. Kennard and Mr. Fortney have spent considerable money on the original
building of the Bird Cage and have spent a lot of money keeping the doors open and
the whole venture has hot been too successful. They have sustained a loss of
$450,000.00. The remodelling and setting-up of the four Keno games has been done
with secrecy because they wanted to be the originators of the $100,000.00, 4-in-one
Keno. They are not increasing the pay-off of any combination of numbers, only
difference is the player can play 4-in-one and it makes a speeded up game. They do
not intend to have misleading advertising.

Mr. Ashworth took the floor to further explain that there were to be four separate
boards, red, orange, white and blue and a player could play any number of games,

1, 2, 3 or 4. And that the casino would consist of these 4 Racehorse Keno Games,
slot machines, bar and restaurant.

Commissioner Fountain stated he resented the fact that other persons said such an
operation would be all right. City Manager Kennedy said that he asked Chief Sheffer to
have the applicants come to his office to have a meeting and that when he asked them
if they realized the final approval was up to the Board of City Commissioners they said
that they did realize this.

Commissioner Whipple stated that this puts the Board on the spot. The major problem
we have is someone with a new idea or a new gimmick and if it doesn't work then we have
problems with it. Now, money has been spent and if the licenses are not approved to be
issued the Board will be blamed and it would be difficult for us to be put in that position.
The Board could have further problems along this line in the future.



Attorney Morse suggested that if the application for 3 Racehorse Keno Games was approved
that the Commission could cut them back to two or one games if they should see fit. He
stated that the gambling business is a highly competitive proposition right now in any of
the downtown Casinos or on the Strip. In order to compete with the larger establishments
this was an idea to stimulate business. It may fall flat on its face and then again it
may catch on. They would certainly like for the Board to see fit to approve it so they
could try it.

           Commissioner Fountain stated that when they open with this someone else on Fremont will
	 come out with something different too. Commissioner Sharp stated that he appreciated the

                                                           fact that the applicants were trying to make this a paying proposition. Commissioners
                                                           Fountain continued with the statement that they would agree that this gambling has to be
	controlled. And this might create a monster down there that could not be controlled. 

                                                           Attorney Morse stated that if it was found that this could not be controlled, the licenses could 

be revoked (called back). In answer to this the Commissioners were in

agreement that this would be out of the question and would entail a "show cause" order and
a lot of other steps.

Mr. Ashworth suggested perhaps the Commission would be willing to table this application
and give it more thought and maybe the Commissioners would like to stop in at the Bird
Cage and see the set-up.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of S. R. Kennard and M. W. Fortney doing
business as the Bird Cage, 102 Fremont, for 3 Racehorse Keno Games be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

                                                          Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-17-58)	The Commission again took up the consideration of the application of the Greater Faith

Greater Faith Baptist Church	Baptist Church for a Use Permit to construct a church at 1026 Highland Drive, on the southeast

	 corner of	Highland and Jefferson, legally described as a portion of the NW¼, SW¼, NE¼,

Approved	

At this time Reverend P. S. Walker spoke to the Board stating that when they told the
Board they intended to build a church worth $125,000.00 that that didn't mean it was going
to actually cost them that much. He went on to say that they were going to build the
church in sections 20' x 60' and they have all the necessary funds, material and labor
to complete this first section and the construction will be of brick and steel reinforced
concrete. He stated that they have their own bricklayers, plumber and electrician and
also that they have 900 other fellow-craftsmen to help with the other work involved. He
stated that they have all the necessary pledges and that if they don't get anything from
anybody else they can complete their first section. He said that they were not going to
build an eyesore or anything detrimental to the neighborhood — they are going to build a
beautiful building.

Commissioner Sharp asked if it was their intention to build the church in sections and the
Reverend replied in the affirmative explaining that each section will be complete and when
they get through it will all be under one covering. He stated that they intend to occupy
the first section within 45 days after they dig the foundation. He informed the Board
that there is a balance of around $800.00 on the land which they will finish paying for
in installments so they can use their cash to build the first section of the church. He
stated they are going to abide by the law and will stand up to the City inspection.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of the Greater Faith Baptist Church for a
use permit to construct a church at 1026 Highland Drive, on the southeast corner of Highland
and Jefferson, legally described as a portion of the NW¼, SW¼, SW¼, NE¼, Section 28, T20S,
R6lE, in an R-E zone, be approved.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FRED WARING AND HIS	Commissioner Bunker moved that the following appropriate resolution be adopted and order made

PENNSYLVANIANS	to express gratitude to Mr. Fred Waring and His Pennsylvanians, the Sahara Hotel and the

Resolution of Gratitude	Prewin Foundation for presenting their show on Saturday, December 20, 1958, for the youth of

our area, and turning the proceeds over to the City to be used for youth programs as recommended 
Approved	by the Youth Advisory Council; also incorporated in this resolution appreciation to

Joe Marine for arranging the program:

12-17-58