OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 11th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 11th day of December, 1935 at the hour of
one thirty o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Down, and Ward,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the sum of $100.00 be drawn from the Publicity Fund, and that said sum be
used for relief for the needy.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The condemning of various properties in the City of Las Vegas, as a necessary step
towards securing highway right of ways on North Fifth Street and South Main Street was
brought before the Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded
by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that the City Attorney proceed with the 
condemnation suits for securing highway rights of way, and that the Clerk be directed to
draw on the General Fund of the City for compensation to secure the parties served for
the value of the land, and the Mayor be directed to execute any bond that might be re-
quired by law, and necessary court costs.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Down and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and
carried that the Mayor be authorized to secure legal assistance for the City Attorney in
connection with the condemnation suits for highway rights of way in case same may be
necessary. Compensation be to a reasonable fee therefor.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Mayor Arnett directed City Attorney Taylor to select legal help for the
transacting of the condemnation suits.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then re-
cessed and adjourned until Wednesday the 18th day of December, 1935 at the hour of one
thirty o'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, is
hereby called to be held at the Board Room of the said Board in the City Clerk's office
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to be held on Saturday the 14th day of
December, 1935 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M. of said day to consider and act upon
the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the improving of the site recently purchased by the City to
be used as a municipal air port and other matters relating thereto.

Dated this 14th day of December, 1935

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble, and
M.E. Ward, Commissioners and L.L. Arnett, Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of said City will be held at the Board room of the said Board in the City Clerk's office
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Saturday the 14th day of December, 1935, at the hour
of eleven o'clock A.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the improving of the site recently purchased by the City to
be used as a municipal air port and other matters relating thereto.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, to hereby admit
due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

Dated this 14th day of December. 1935