Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming

applications be granted:

Guy McAfee, Frontier Club, 116 Fremont St., 1 faro bank.

J.	K. Houssel, Las Vegas Club, 23 Fremont, 1 crap game.
Boulder Club, 118 Fremont St., 1 poker game.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of
Jack Pruitt, at the Spic-N-Span, 129 Fremont Street,
for one slot machine, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that
this meeting adjourn until February the 7th at the
hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

SPIC-N-SPAN GAMING
LICENSE

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of February, 1945. Meeting called to
order by His Honor, Mayor, E. W. Cragin at the hour of
2:20 P. M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, and Smith. City Manager,

Chas. C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent Commissioner Clark.

This being the time set for hearing protests on the issuance
of bonds for construction of swimming pool. The only
protest received was from the Union Pacific Railroad by letter,
which was read and filed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the January 22
meeting be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that payroll claims No. 312 to 320
inclusive in the sum of $15,745.92 net, and claim No. 311
on Special Payroll in the sum of $227.70 net be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that service and material warrants
No. 321 to 323 inclusive in the sum of $12,144.42 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

PAYROLL CLAIM -

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS -

PROCLAMATION - Re: Bond
Issue for Swimming Pool
Protest