Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

January 14th, 1935.

To----

E.W.Cragin Mayor, and to Commissioners W.C.German, L.L. Arnett

Jas. H. Down and H.P. Marble.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas,  will be held at the Board Room of said
Board on Monday the 14th day of January, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of said day to
consider and act upon the matter of securing aid on the construction of the anticipated War Mem-
orial Building in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, from the Nevada Emergency Relief Administration,
and any other matters pertaining to the same that may legally be brought before the Board at
that time.

Viola Burns

City Clerk

We, the undersigned being mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby
admit due service of the foregoing notice of a special meeting.

E.W.Cragin	W.C.German

Mayor	Police and Fire Commissioner

Jas. H. Down

Water Sewer & Light Commissioner
L.L. Arnett

Finance Commissioner
H.P. Marble

(City seal)	Street	Commissioner

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
at the office of the City Clerk in	the City	of Las Vegas, Clark	County, Nevada, this	14th day of

January, 1935 at the hour of seven	P.M., in	accordance with the	call and notice duly	given a

copy of which is on file and of record in this office.

Present: Commissioners Arnett, German, Down and Marble, end His Honor the Mayor
E.W.Cragin; also the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Mayor stated	the purpose of the call to be	the consideration of	the City

making application to the N E R A for funds	with which to construct what is known as	the Las

Vegas War Memorial Building, on the land embraced in the City Park, the Mayor stating that
heretofore it was the understanding that the project could have been started and completed on
the application of Las Vegas Post No. 8 The American Legion, Department of Nevada, and in
accordance with said understanding the City had leased a portion of said City Park Premises
to said American Legion Post, permission to enter into said lease and to erect thereon a
War Memorial Building having been granted to the City by the grantor of said land, to-wit:

Las Vegas Land & Water Company; and it now appearing that in order that said project may be started
and completed under the requirements of the N E R A, the said project must be under the super-
visions of, and the application thereof made by a political subdivision, and whereas the City is
without funds to build the building, but the American Legion Post has the available funds to
buy the materials therefor, with the understanding that the said N.E.R.A. is to provide the
necessary labor; and the City Commissioner believing that a War Memorial Building
with a civic auditorium would be an asset to the City and a building that is much needed by the
City; and whereas, in order that the same may be built, the said American Legion has this day
entered into an agreement with the said City surrendering the lease heretofore given, and
agreeing to donate to the City under certain conditions, sufficient monies with which to pur-
chase the necessary materials for construction of the said building; and whereas
said lease has been surrendered and said agreement between the said American Legion Post and the
said City of Las Vegas duly executed,

Upon motion of Commissioner Down, duly made, seconded by Commissioner Arnett, it is

RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, be
and they are hereby authorized and directed to make application to the ^ E R A for the nec-
essary funds to erect what is to be known as a War Memorial Building, on the City Park Premises;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to
sign on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and to affix the seal of said City thereto, the application
to be made for said project:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed to attach to
said application a certified copy of this Resolution.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.