No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 20th day of October, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL MEETING.

C A L L

To Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is

hereby called, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk s Office, in
the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, to be held on Thursday the 5th day of October, 1933
at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the

business:	

1. To consider the proposition of the Union Pacific Railway System granting to the

City of Las Vegas, a right of way over certain lands, for highway purposes.

Dated this 5th day of October, 1933.

E.W. Cragin.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To--- WM. B. MUNDY W.C. GERMAN, JAMES H. DOWN, AND L.L. ARNETT, COMMISSIONERS. AND

TO E. W. CRAGIN, MAYOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a Call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of said City will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's Office,
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on Thursday the 5th day of October, 1933, at the hour
of eleven o'clock A.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

To consider the proposition of the Union Pacific Railway System granting to the
City of Las Vegas, a right of way over certain lands, for highway purposes.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 5th day of October, 1933.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby
admit service of the forego ng notice of special meeting.

Dated this 5th day of October, 1933.

E.W. Cragin	James H. Down

Mayor.	Commissioner

L.L. Arnett	W.C. German

Commissioner	Commissioner

W.B. Mundy

Commissioner

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Arnett, German, and Mundy
City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, held at Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 5th day of October, 1933,
at which meeting a quorum was present, the following business was transacted:

Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company submitted to the Board a deed of easement

for right of way dated the______ day of October, 1933, duly executed by it, conveying to

The City of Las Vegas, County, of Clark, State of Nevada, for the use of the public a grant
of easement for highway purposes only, over a strip or parcel of land situated in said
City of Las Vegas, extending from Main Street northwesterly along Clark Avenue, as in said
deed of grant more particularly described, with request that such grant of easement be
formally accepted by said City of Las Vegas; whereupon said deed was read over and considered
and it appearing to the Board that it would be to the best interests of said City and the
public that such grant of easement be formally accepted, under the terms and conditions in
said deed recited, tit was therefore on motion duly made, seconded and carried by the unan-
imous vote of all of the members of said Board,