Mayor Baker said he was more conderned with Mr. Bruner's letter and remarks concerning
breach of faith and that there had been no indication to anyone that the City was in a position
to consider a cash offer. Mr. Morse said the letter was not written in that spirit. He
further stated that they did feel their proposal to lease offered more to the City than the
cash offer.

Mayor Baker asked if there was anyone else wishing to speak with regard to the Huntridge
Fire Station property and Dr. Howard Zellhoefer spoke from the audience to the effect that
his $50,000.00 cash offer still stands.

The information was brought forth that no bids were received on the last advertised bid for
cash offers for the Huntridge Fire Station property which were to be opened October 1, 1958,
and that Dr. Zellhoefer came into the office of the City Clerk on October 6, 1958 and pre-
sented a letter and his offer for $50,000.00.

Mayor Baker asked if the record is clear insofar as the City records are concerned. Ralston
Hawkins, Assistant City Attorney, stated that Dr. Zellhoefer submitted his bid after the
sale of this property was advertised and if the Board feels that his offer is fair and just,
it is legally acceptable.

Commissioner Fountain asked Dr. Zellhoefer when he would be able to close the escrow and he
agreed to pay the $50,000.00 in 30 days. Commissioner Bunker asked what arrangement the City
had with the County offices presently located in the Huntridge Fire Station Building and Mr.
Hawkins said it was just a month to month lease basis and that it will be in order to notify
them of the termination on a specific date. Dr. Zellhoefer said that he could give the
County 60 days to vacate the premises.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the cash proposal of Dr. Howard Zellhoefer to purchase the
Huntridge Fire Station property for $50,000.00, payment to be made in full on or before
January 5; 1959; be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Clerk be instructed to write a letter to the Board
of County Commissioners informing them that this property has been sold and that it would
be appreciated if they would make the necessary arrangements to move the election office
presently located in the Huntridge Fire Station as soon as possible after January 5; 1959;
and in any event, not later than January 31; 1959*

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

YOUTH ADVISORY COUNCIL	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the terms of office are due to expire

Terms of Office	December 31; 1958, an the Board of the Youth Advisory Council, for Mrs. Bunker, Mrs. Dondero,

Mr. Conway and Mr. Ashworth.

Reappo intment

Commissioner Sharp moved'that Mrs. Wendell Bunker, Mrs. Harvey Dondero, Mr. John Conway and
Mr. Keith Ashworth be reappointed to the Board of the Youth Advisory Council with their
terms of office to expire December 31; i960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 9:25 P.M.,

Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay§; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED: