An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance providing for the investigation of the proprietor, lessee or manager
of and the character of the business of any traveling show, traveling skating rink, circus, hippodrome, men-
agerie or carnival intending to exhibit in the open air or under a tent, public hall, or club room, assembly
hall or theatre within the city of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto" was read to the Board for a

first time, and upon second reading on this date was duly adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Down, Krause,
Marble and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

There upon the Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Review Journal for a
period of once each week for two consecutive weeks that is to say May 6th, and 13th and said ordinance to be in
full force and effect May 21st, 1937.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 224.

This being the time set for the opening of bids to be known as "Las V gas 1937 Improvement District No. #3
Bonds" and one sealed bid being in the hands of the City Clerk at the direction of the Mayor said bid was opened.

Ure, Pett, & Morris Co; Bid $16,651.00 for $16,597.95 worth of bonds at 7% interest.

Bid accompanied by certified check of $840.00.

	On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the bid of Ure

Pett & Morris Co; be accepted subject to the modification of the bid to read $15,154.55 worth of bonds if same was
satisfactory with Ure, Pett & Morris Co; That said company be notified by wire of the acceptance of the bid when
same is modified and that a letter follow explaining in detail the modification.

Vote as Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none,

Absent none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that A.L. Drew, City
Electrical Inspector be directed to prepare and forward to the Southern Nevada Power Co; an itemized statement of
the moving of poles and pole lines belonging to the Southern Nevada Power Co.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk opened a number of bids received for the construction of a new sewer line from the
Las Vegas City Library to the sewer line from the County Court House line tying into the City sewer lateral.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that H. Brockmiller
be awarded the bid as he was the low bidder on the installation of the sewer line.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the City make
application to the P.W.A. for additional loan and grant for supplemental street improvement work in the follow-
ing form

RESOLUTION NO. 2

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to file an application to the United States of
America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a grant to aid in financing the
the construction of Las V gas Street Improvements and designating City Engineer and City Attorney to
Furnish such information as the Government may request.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners:

	SECTION 1. That L.L. Arnett, Mayor be and he is authorized to execute and file an application on behalf

of the City of Las Vegas to the United States of America for a grant to aid in financing the construction
of Las Vegas Street Improvements

SECTION 2. That City Engineer and City Attorney, be and they are hereby authorized and directed to furnish
such information as the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public
Works may reasonably request in connection with the application which is herein authorized to be filed.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor, L.L. Arnett voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the City Clerk
be instructed to again write the State WPA office and ask that the City receive detailed reports of the progress
of the projects sponsored by the City of Las Vegas covering the amount of materials furnished, hours of labor etc.
and that a copy of this letter be forwarded to Senators Pittman, McCarran and Congressman Scrugham.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that retail beverage

license be granted to Joe Levine, Joseph Diaz and L and K Market for the year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that one slot
machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett.

Vote was commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourn d until
Monday the 10th day of May, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.