SECTION 2. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 601 is hereby amended to read
as follows: That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
the acting ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall
prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, an
amended assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land with such relative
portion of the whole amount to be levied as the length of front of such premises
abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be
assessed; unless on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment
for a different number of feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of all
lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number of feet as
determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

SECTION 3. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 601 is hereby amended to read
as follows:	That before said amended special assessment roll is adopted and

confirmed by said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his
objections thereto with the City Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 16th day of
February, 1955 at 8:00 o'clock P.M. at the City Hall, in said City, and said time
and place are hereby fixed the time and place when and where said Board and said
County Assessor and ex-officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider
objections to said amended special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

SECTION 4. Section 14 of Ordinance No. 601 is hereby amended to read
as follows:	That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the

County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and
Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within one week after
said amended special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest
and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may,
at the election of the owner, be paid in installments with interest, as hereinafter
provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said
period of one week shall be conclusively considered and held an election on the
part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in
such installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid
assessments shall be payable at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer in
ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which
installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of
March, 1956, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable
successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full,
with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal
from the 1st day of March, 1955, at the same rate of interest as that provided for
in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and
delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually
at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of
interest being due and payable on the 1st day of March, 1956, and the remainder of
said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of March
in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or
interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and
payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued
interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum (10%) per
annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the
owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten
per centum (10%) per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be
restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if
default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any
installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with
interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Ease assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the
tax roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the
County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said
County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said
tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and
Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed
to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and
County taxes are collected.

SECTION 5. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this
ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City,
directed toward the improving of a certain street by installing a complete street
lighting system in the said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-25,
toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special
assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified,
approved, and confirmed.

SECTION 6. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or
parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

2-2-55