TRANSFER CREDIT UNION Commissioner Whipple moved that transfer of Credit Union Withholding in the estimated
WITHHOLDING	amount of $14,000.00 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of September 17, 1958 be corrected on page 10,

under Minimum Street Widths to show that the motion was seconded by Commissioner Sharp and
that the minutes be approved by reference subject to this correction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AUCTION NOTICE	The Commission considered the notice of Devine Storage and Moving Service of an auction of

unclaimed personal, property to be held November 1, 1958, 10:00 A.M. at 418 W. Mesquite.

Devine Storage &	Notice filed in compliance with Ordinance No. 466.

Moving Service

Commissioner Whipple moved that receipt of this notice be acknowledged and the notice filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION Commissioner Sharp moved the following Charitable Solicitation Permits, as recommended by

PERMITS	the Solicitations Review Board be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized

to issue the permits:

Approved

a)	EVENING OPTIMIST CLUB OF LAS VEGAS - Sale of Souvenier Deeds

b)	LAS VEGAS ART LEAGUE - Donations; Third National Art Round-up

c)	LAS VEGAS FIREMEN'S BENEFIT ASSOC. INC. - Ticket Sale, Firemen's Ball

d)	LAS VEGAS EMBLEM CLUB #114 - Rummage Sale

e)	TWENTY-THIRTY ANNS - Rummage Sale

f)	CLARK COUNTY FIREMEN'S BENEFIT ASSOC. - Ticket Sale, Firemen's Ball

g)	ROSE DE LIMA HOSPITAL - Solicitation of funds for hospital addition

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Consideration was given to the application of Mable Celia Benson for a Tavern license at

Change of Owner	the Shamrock Cocktail Lounge, 7 East Bonanza presently owned by Horace Heidt. City Manager

Kennedy advised that the Police Department reports are favorable on the applicant.

Shamrock Cocktail

Lounge	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Mabel Celia Benson for a Tavern License

at the Shamrock Cocktail Lounge, 7 E. Bonanza be approved, and the Supervisor of License
Approved	and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner	Whipple moved the application of	Harry Levy doing business as	Harry Levy

Additional	Liquor, 2002	East Charleston for a Beer Bar License be approved, and the Supervisor of

License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Harry Levy Liquor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner	Whipple moved the application of	Harry Levy doing business as	Harry Levy

Change of Name	Liquor, 2002	E. Charleston to change the name	to Lucky Liquor be approved,	and the Supervisor

of License and Revenue authorized to make the change.

Lucky Liquor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of	S. M. Fong, Gim N. Fong	and Wing Fong

Change of Interest	doing business as Fongs' Garden, 2021 E. Charleston	to withdraw the name of	Wing Fong	 from

Fong's Garden	the Service Bar License be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to

make the change.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications	for additional gaming licenses be	approved

Additional	and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved	NEVADA CLUB	105 Fremont 105 Casino Corp.	2 "21"

OLD BOULDER CLUB 118 Fremont Automatic Amusement	1 Cash Pinball

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-13-58)	Consideration was given the application of Mary G. Dixon for a variance to construct and

Mary G. Dixon	operate a poultry and deer processing plant in an R-E zone generally located on the east

side of Noble Lane between Monroe and Van Buren, legally described as the S½, S½, NW¼, NW¼,

Denied	Sec. 29, T20S, R62E.

Denial of the application was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment on the basis that
a variance is not intended to be used as a means of permitting an industrial use in a residential
zone, and also that the proposed use is not in conformance with the Master Plan which has been
tentatively approved by the Planning Commission.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had talked to Mary Dixon today and while at first she was
disappointed over the Board of Zoning Adjustment's recommendation for denial she realized
that if the surrounding property was to be essentially R-1, it would be to her advantage for
her property to be compatible and that she had already sought a different location for her
poultry and deer processing plant.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Mary G. Dixon for a variance to construct
and operate a poultry and deer processing plant in an R-E zone generally located on the east
side of Noble Lane between Monroe and Van Buren, legally described as the S½, S½, NW¼, NW¼,

Sec. 29; T20S, R62E, be denied.

10-1-58