ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
100-20

Assessment Roll
Public Hearing
Date Set

At this time Commissioner Peccole attended the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing that a Public Hearing on the Assess-
ment Roll for District No. 100-20 be held May 1, 1953 at 8:00 P.M.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to create
certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance No. 544, passed, adopted
and approved the 10th day of April, 1953.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 544 directs the County Assessor of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
to make an Assessment Roll in accordance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-Officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment Roll in accordance
with said Ordinance and on the 20th day of April, 1953, filed said Assessment Roll with City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed by Section 7 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 544;
and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas as directed by
Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 544; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assessment to be published
as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at
a special meeting thereof held on the 20th day of April, 1953, that the City Clerk and Clerk
of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the time and
place when and where the Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet
to consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be published once a week
for two successive weeks, to-wit on April 22, 1953 and April 29, 1953, in the Las Vegas Sun, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 20th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner Whipple moved
the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	none.