4. That the price for acre foot of water he set at $2,00, based on similar
conditions in Tucson, as well as the Fallon Irrigation District.

Mr. Sauer added that this recommendation was based on the present available
water of ten million gallons per day. On the basis of five acre foot per
year, required for the irrigation of alfalfa, this would irrigate 2,250
acres of land a year, It was estimated that there was less than 500 acres
in the immediate vicinity of the effluent ditch that could be irrigated at
the present time and it was questioned whether more than this could be
irrigated economically. Mr. Sauer stated that, in addition to the requests of
private developers for the purchase of these waters, the Power Company had
submitted a letter indicating a desire to be considered for its use in the
expansion of their power system.

Lalif Wood could not see the need for the time limit of 5 years and City
Attorney Cory explained certain circumstances might arise whereby such a time
limit would be necessary. Commissioner Whipple stated he understood the
renegotiating would be more as to price and not as to the use of the water,
in the event the City would have to spend money to increase plant facilities.
Commissioner Whipple added that from what had been said, there was more
effluent water available than there was land to irrigate. The Commissioners
expressed the opinion this water should be sold and put to use and not wasted.

Commissioner Elwell moved the recommendation of Director of Public Works
be approved and the following resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

RESOLVED that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby
declares its intention to sell effluent water which may be available from
time to time from its Sewage Disposal Plant to applicants therefor, on terms
and conditions to be drafted by the City Attorney and presented to the Board
of Commissioners at the next regular meeting.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 4th day of November, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson______________

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

EXCHANGE OF	The Commission again considered the proposal of the Roman Catholic Church wherein

PROPERTY	the City would exchange ten acres of property adjacent to the Roy W. Martin

Roman Catholic	School for 5.971 acres at the corner of Eastern and St. Louis Avenues, presently

Church	owned by the Roman Catholic Church, the Church to pay $2,000 an acre for the

difference of 4.029 acres, or a total of $8,058 plus $175, which was half the
Approved	cost of the appraisal.

Commissioner Whipple moved the exchange of property with the Roman Catholic
Church as outlined above be approved and accepted and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign the Grant, Bargain and Sale deed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

U. S. GOVERNMENT	Director of Public Works Sauer requested approval for the City to make application

PROPERTY PURCHASE	to the U. S. Government, Bureau of Land Management, for the purchase of

Government-owned property in the area west of Charleston Heights Subdivision;
Applications	proposed purchase of 640 acres in the estimated amount of $2,000.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved the application for the purchase of this land be
approved and the Mayor authorized to sign same; furthermore, that the 
expenditure of $10 required to make each application be approved and the Director of
Finance and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

APPRAISAL	Director of Public Works Sauer advised that on October 7, 1959, the City 

PROPOSED	Commission authorized him to have an appraisal made of property for the proposed

ALIGNMENT OF ALTA	alignment of Alta Drive, between Tonopah Drive and Highland Drive, at a cost not

DRIVE	to exceed $700; however, an inspection of this property by the appraiser, George

Von Tobel, had disclosed his fee would be $1,200 for this work. Mr. Sauer
Approved	requested approval of this increased amount.

Commissioner Sharp moved the appraisal of this property be approved in the
amount of $1,200.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

11-4-59