ORDINANCE No. 2

AN ORDINANCE FIXING A LICENSE TO BE PAID TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS FOR THE PRIVELEGE OF OWNING
AND OPERATING, BOWLING ALLEYS, BILLIARDS AND POOL TABLES.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

Sec.l. That each and every bowling alley owned or operated in said City of Las Vegas
shall first pay or cause to be paid to the said city a license fee of five dollars per quar-
ter year for so doing.

Sec.2, Each and every pool table and billiard table owned, operated for pay or profit
in such city, shall pay a lecense fee of two dollars and fifty cents per quarter year for
so doing.

Any person, firm or corporation who shall own or operate in the said City of Las Vegas,
any such bowling alley or billiard or pool table without first paying such license fee above
provided for, shall be fined in any sum less than one hundred dollars and the judge of the
municipal court of the City of Las Vegas shall have jurisdiction of all cases brought to en-
force this ordinance. The necessary appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unaminousaly by all the members present this ordance was introduced and passed as an emergancy ordance.

: The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the

Board it was on motion of commissioner Stewart, seconded by commissioner Coughlin and duly
carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the clerk instructed
to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel,
mayor protem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

The Board of Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Each and every saloon, barroom or place where malt, spirituous, vinous or intoxicating
liquors are sold or dispensed in quantities less that of five gallons shall before engaging in
such business pay to the city treasurer of Las Vegas, a license of thirty dollars for each
and every period of three months or portion thereof which such business is conducted.

Such license shall be due and payable and paid on the first days of January, April, July and
October of each year for the period of three months or quarter year immediately following and
such license shall expire on the last days of March, June, September and December, respect-
ively, immediately following its date of issuance. No license shall be issued for a less
period of time that of the quarter wherein such license is paid. And any person who shall en-
gage in any such business or who shall sell or give away any such malt, spirituous, vinous
or intoxicating liquors without first having procured the issuance to him, her or them the
license above mentioned, shall be fined in any sum not more than three hundred dollars as
the judge of the municipal court of the City of Las Vegas may adjudge and be imprisoned in
the City Jail of said City until such fine is paid, computing one day's imprisonment as

equivalent to the payment of $2.00 of such fine. The necessity appearing before the Board upon
motion duly made and carried unamimousaly this ordance was passed as an emergamcy ordance,

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the

Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Coughlin, seconded by commissioner McGovern and duly

carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed to

have the same published as by law provided. The vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel,

ORDINANCE No.3

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF SALOONS, BARROOMS AND PLACES WHERE INTOXICATING

LIQUORS ARE SOLD.