At the conclusion of the meeting conducted by Mayor Pro Tem Krause Mayor Russell presided
at	a	meeting being	conducted by Messrs. Clark,	Gore Kaltenborn and Smith.

On motion of	Commissioner Clark seconded	by Commissioner Smith it was moved	and carried that

the report of Municipal Judge A. G. Blad be approved. Fines $158.00 for the month of February 1941.

Vote Commissioners Clark, Gore Kaltenborn and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of	Commissioners Kaltenborn seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved	and	carried

that	Warrants Nos.	# 474 to 481 be allowed and	that the Mayor and Clerk sign same, with the exception 

of Warrants Nos. # 474 -2-3-4-5.

Vote Commissioners Clark, Gore, Kaltenborn and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Clark seconded by Commissioner Gore it was moved and carried that
the claim of the United State Post Office in the amount of $79.12 and R, B. Griffith in the sum of
$50.00 be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Clark, Gore, Kaltenborn and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

No further business appearing before the meeting at this time on motion of Commissioner Clark
seconded by Commissioner Gore it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Thursday the
6th day of March, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Clark, Gore, Kaltenborn and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 6th day of March at the hour of seven-
thirty P.M..

Approved:

Mayor

Attest:

City Clerk

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 6th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County Nevada held on the 6th day of March 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Minutes of regular meeting of March 4th 1941 read and approved as read.

Commissioner Ronnow inquired of the Mayor the reason for Messrs, Gore, Clark Kaltenborn
and Smith and Mayor Russell voting against certain claims on the 4th day of March, 1941. Mayor
Russell informed the Commissioners that they were the claims of Messrs, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause
and Corradetti who he did not consider commissioners of the City at this time. Mayor Russell
informed those present that he could not approve or sign claims for any persons as commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas until a suit now pending in court was settle and the decision handed
down by the judge as to whom constituted the commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Mayor Russell informed Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti that they could proceed 

with a meeting but he refused to act with them as a Board of Commissioners.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that Commissioner Krause as Mayor Pro Tem of the City be seated as presiding officer at
this meeting and that he proceed with the business at hand.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Noes none. Mayor Russell
not voting.

Bids for the purchase of necessary printing for various departments of the City were opened
at this time and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconDed by Commissioner Corradetti it was
moved and carried that these bids be tabulated and that the Commissioner of Finance and the Pur-
chasing Clerk award the bid as in their opinion was the best bid.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Roes, none.

Matters pertaining to the holding of a General City Election for the City of L s Vegas
were considered at this time and the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS this is the year provided by law for the holding of a General City Election in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, and

WHEREAS there are to be elected at such election two Commissioners each for a term of
four years, and a City Clerk for a term of four years, and a municipal judge and city attorney
each for a term of two years, and

WHEREAS it is the duty of this Board of Commissioners to order said election, and deter-
mine the places in said City for holding the same,

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, that a general City Election be held in the said City on Tuesday the 6th day of
May, 1941, at which election there shall be elected a commissioner of the second class and a
commissioner of the fourth class and a city clerk each of whom shall be elected for a term of
four years, and a city attorney and judge each of whom shall hold office for two years or until
his respective success or is elected and qualified, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the places in said city for holding said election and voting
thereat are hereby determined as follows: