Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

July 6th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment July 6th, 1912. at eight o'clock P.M. Present all members of

the Board and the honorable Mayor Peter Buol. with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the question of placing bids for sewer pipe for the construction of a sewer system in

the City of Las Vegas, per contract between the City of Las Vegas and the American Light and Water

Company of Chicago, Ill. coming on before the Board and after due consideration of the bids submitted

by the Pacific Sewer Pipe Company, of Los Angeles, Calif. and the Utah Fire Clay Company of Salt

Lake City, Utah, and prices quoted by the American Light and Water Company of Chicago, it was found

by the Board of said Commissioners that the Bid as offered by the Pacific Sewer Pipe Company of

Los Angeles California was the lowest and most satisfactory it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded

by Von Tobel and duly carried, ordered that the Clerk of this Board and the Mayor of said City be

and there are hereby instructed to enter into a contract with the said, Pacific Sewer Pipe Company

for the delivery of said sewer pipe in accordance with there bid submitted, subject to the approval

of the City Attorney, the vote being cast as follows towit:— Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern

aye, Von Tobel. aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye. 		 	 

  A claim of Louis Kelsey consulting engineer for said City in the construction of the Las Vegas

sewer system for first payment of salary as per contract entered into by said with the aforesaid

Louis C. Kelsey coming on before the Board in the amount of Eight hundred and seventy six dollars and

fifteen cents was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the

same be paid out of the fund designated and set aside and know as the Las Vegas Sewerage Fund,

the vote Being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye,

and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.	

The question of appointing a committee for the purpose of looking after the purchasing of

supplies for the Sewer system to be installed for said City coming on before the Board and to

look after the interest of said City in matters relating there to it was upon motion of Von Tobel

and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that the Mayor be and is hereby instructed to appoint

a Committee of three with him self as Chairman to have full power and act in all, matters relating to

purchase of any and all supplies necessary for said sewer system of Las Vegas Nevada to be constructed

in said City, the vote being cast as follows towit:— Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye. thereupon the Mayor proceeded to appoint

the followsing committee, namely, J.J. Coughlin, Commissioner of sewerage, and Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners, of said City.

An request from the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation coming bn before the Board

for a franchise, right and privilege to construct, install, lay, operate, maintain, repair and manage 

transmission lines for the purpose of conducting electric energy for light and power purposes, and for

telephone and telegraph purposes, together with connection, in the City of Las Vegas, was presented

to the Board, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that his matter go

over until the next regular meeting of the Board for there consideration.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded

by Von Tobel and duly carried that this Board adjourn until Wednesday July 19th, 1912. at eight o'clock



P.M. for any and all business that may come before it. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye.
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.