



TIRE BID AWARDED   Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Clark County Wholesale Company

for automobile tires be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

AUDITOR HIRED   Commissioner Smith moved that George H. Wood be notified that he has been

employed to audit the books for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1944,
on the basis set forth in his letter of January 28, 1944, addressed to
the City Manager, Charles C. McCall, audit to be made at Mr. Wood's
convenience.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

KENO	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be instructed to write

a letter of appreciation to station KENO for the time donated to City
Programs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;	 

noes none.

ORDINANCE NUMBER 290  The committee on proposed Ordinance Number 290 having reported favorably,

the City Clerk presented "An Ordinance to amend Section 11 of Ordinance
No. 250 of the City of LaS Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the
sale of milk, cream and other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas:

Defining standard for milk and cream:	Providing for the issuance of permits

for the sale of milk and cream and the revocation of such permits:

Providing for the creation of a milk ordinance committee:	Providing for the

appointment of a dairy and milk inspector:	Authorizing the City Commissioners

to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this Ordinance:
Providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance:	Repealing Ordinance

Number 200 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the
sale of milk, cream, and other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas:
Defining standard for milk and cream:	providing for the issuance of permits

for the sale of milk and cream, and the revocation of such permits:

Authorizing the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations
for the enforcement of this Ordinance:	Providing a penalty for the violation

thereof:	And repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict

therewith:' and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
with this Ordinance." to the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the aforementioned
Ordinance on its first reading and the City Clerk was directed to have
this Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal for a
period of two weeks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting be adjourned until
Thursday, February 10, at the hour of 9:00 A. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

---0O0-----

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 10, 1944

  At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held
this tenth day of February, 1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor,
Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 9:55 A. M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith, City

Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., City Manager, Charles C. McCall and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

PROPHYLACTIC STATION   Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Army Air Force Flexible
WESTSIDE	  Gunnery School for permission to erect a Prophylactic Station adjacent

to the Westside U. S. O. Building be granted.