NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, that the said City of Las Vegas convey by deed to the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, for highway purposes, a strip of land thirty feet wide along the north boundary
line of the northwest quarter and the northwest quarter of the northeast quarter of Section
30, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. and M, and that in so doing the said City of Las
Vegas join in a deed with other land owners along said proposed highway and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Attorney be and he hereby is instructed to draw
the necessary highway deed for all such owners, including said City of Las Vegas, and	when

such deed of conveyance is so prepared, the same be executed and signed on behalf of the said
City of Las Vegas, by the Mayor of the City and the City Clerk, and the Seal of the City of Las
Vegas affixed thereto, and that when such deed shall have been executed by the other land
owners along said proposed highway conveying a strip of land thirty feet wide on each side of
the section line for said entire distance, that such deed be delivered to the County of Clark
State of Nevada.

The adoption of the foregoing Resolution was proposed by Commissioners Ronnow, and was
seconded by Commissioner Krause, and upon being put to vote was carried by the following
Vote: Voting Aye— Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor
H.P. Marble. voting no, none. Absent, none.

At this time an ordinance entitled, "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing
funds," was read to the Board for a first time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners
Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

There upon the Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper, once each week for two consecutive weeks as same is required
by Charter. Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 239.

Also at this time was read an ordinance entitled, "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas
regulating the presentation and audit of claims and demands against the City of Las Vegas; and
providing for their allowance and payment or rejection," Upon being put to vote said ordinance
was adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent None.

The Clerk was directed at this time to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age
a weekly newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas once each week for two consecutive weeks
as same is required by Charter. This ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 240.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce Corradetti, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City purchase chains for the motor sweeper in the amount of $125.00

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce Corradetti, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
H.E. Miller and George Thompson take their annual vacation beginning on the 16th of August
and ending on the 31st of August, 1938.

Vote: Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce, Ronnow and His Honor Mayor H.P. Marble voting aye. Noes None

City Attorney Austin was instructed upon motion of Commissioner Corradetti and seconded by
commissioner Luce to prepare assessment ordinances to be used in connection with proposed street
and improvement districts numbers 1052 and sewer improvement number 1053 P.W.A.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Ronnow and Krause and His HOnor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that
the Clerk be instructed to return to the Bank Club §30.00 on file in said office covering gaming
license for two tables at the Bank Club. Said license had not been granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Corradetti, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was ordered that A.L.

Drew City Electrical Inspector install seven (7) street lights in South Addition thereby connect-
ing the chain of street lights in that portion of the City.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney draft a form of letter and that the City Electrical Inspector sign same
and forward to all electrical contractors informing them that all electrical work in the City
must be in conformity with the Electrical Ordinance of the City. A copy of this letter to be
filed with the Police Department informing said department of its duties in regard to he en-
forcing of said ordinance.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Luce, Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the salary of A.L. Drew City Electrical Inspector be increased from the sum of $150.00 per
month to $160.00 per month effective August 1st, 1938. That his title also be given as City
Electrician.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Corradetti, Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commission-
er Ronnow passing his vote. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Elks Club be granted permission to use the ball park Sunday night August 7th, 1938

Vote Commissioners Krause, Corradetti, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.