VARIANCE

American Legion Post
#8

V-26-55



VARIANCE
William Jackson
V-27-55

VARIANCE

Roman Catholic Bishop
V-28-55

At this time the Board considered the application of the American
Legion Post #8 to construct a building at 733 North 2nd Street,
between Bonanza Road and Naval Reserve Armory. This application
was approved by the Board of Adjustment because it is adjacent
to other semi-public uses and plot plan indicates that it is
located in a manner that will cause a minimum of conflict with
residential uses.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of the
American Legion Post #8 for a variance be approved and the follow-
ing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of August, 1955, having
considered the application of the American Legion Post #8 for a
variance to construct a building at 733 North 2nd Street, between
Bonanza Road and the Naval Reserve Armory; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of the American Legion Post #8 for a variance to construct a building
at 733 North 2nd Street, between Bonanza Road and the Naval Reserve
Armory, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of William
Jackson to allow building inside the rear yard. Said building to
be upstairs with the first floor open for parking, at 1107-09 D
Street (Lots 5 and 6, Block 3, Valley View Addition). Denied by
the Board of Adjustment because four dwellings already exist on
the property; the proposed second floor construction on supporting
pillars would be detrimental to the neighborhood which enforcement
agencies of the City are trying to improve.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of
William Jackson to allow building inside the rear yard at 1107-
09 D Street be denied and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of August,

1955, having considered the application of William Jackson for
a Variance to allow building inside the rear yard at 1107-09
D Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment denying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of William Jackson for a variance to allow building inside the rear
yard at 1107-09 D Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of the Roman
Catholic Bishop of Reno to erect an addition to St. Anne's Catholic
Church to within seven feet of the rear lot line, on Lot 2, Block
19, Huntridge Tract #4. This application was approved by the Board
of Adjustment because plans show that the part of the proposed
addition will not extend into the rear yard further than an existing
accessory structure; additional living space is needed to provide
quarters for additional Sisters required for instruction of pupils
in the Parochial School systems. The Church contemplates the purchase
at a later date of the only private property affected by this application.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of the
Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno for a variance be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of August, 1955, Having
considered the application of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno to
erect an addition to St. Anne's Catholic Church to within seven feet
of the rear lot line, on Lot 2, Block 19, Huntridge Tract #4; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment approving this application;

8-3-55