Gray Gubler, Attorney appeared before the Board in regard to the repealing of the City's
picketing ordinance No. 181. Mr. Gubler presented to the Board for its consideration a number
of exhibits and ask that the Board, in the near future give this ratter serious consideration.

motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney Harry Austin have copies of the exhibits presented to the Board at this
time and that the originals be returned to Mr. Gubler at an early date.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none
Mr. Culler was also informed that the Board of Commissioners would make his request the
particular order of business at a meeting to be held in the near future.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Marble he following Resolution
was introduced:

EFFECTIVE APRIL 1st, 1938

Garbage Collection Fees will be payable in advance for each quarter on the first day of said
quarter and will be payable at the office of the City Clerk in the same manner as the City
Mercantile License is paid.

The Deputy City Clerk, being hereby relieved of the largest requirement on his time, will
assume the duty of bookkeeper for the City and will be responsible for keeping the following
books: Warrant Register, Budget Ledger, Expense Ledger, Revenue Ledger and Purchase File
(showing how much merchandise is bought from each local merchant)

The duties of the Purchasing Clerk will be assigned to the Deputy City Clerk. Department heads
will request the Purchasing Clerk to get prices on items needed. When prices have been secured
the purchase order will be prepared and submitted to the commissioner for his approval. The
purchasing Clerk will then make the purchase.

The City Auditor will make one call daily at the office of the City Clerk for the purpose of
auditing for approval the purchase orders drawn by the Purchasing Clerk.

The Storekeeper will be held responsible fn the future for the tools and materials belonging
to the City which are put in the Warehouse. The Auditor will set up proper perpetual inven-
tory book for keeping record of same, which book will be kept by the Storekeeper.



The City Auditor will audit once each mon. the books kept by the City Deputy Clerk (vis. Warrant
Warrant Register, budget Ledger, Expense Ledger, Revenue Ledger, Purchase File) The bocks
kept by the City Clerk (vis. the Cash Received record) the Warehouse books, the Police Dept,
books, and the Treasurer's books. He will report on each audit direct to the Finance Commis-
sioner and his recommendations in regard to how such books are kept shall be observed by the
various officials keeping same.

The salary of the City Auditor will be $75.00 per month for the month of April and the same
for each mo nth thereafter until further order.

The above constitutes what administrative economies that can be made which under the sole con-
trol of the finance Commissioner; it is essential that all the other Commissioners set their
hands to their own departments for the elimination of any unnecessary expenses in the inter-
ests of economy.

It shall be the duty of the auditor to keep the commission fully informed at each regular
meeting or more frequently if requested as to the condition of the funds allotted to any or
all respective departments. The Monthly statement to show in detail the amount budgeted at the
first of the calendar year together with a list of the disbursements to date and the balance
available in each fund.

The Duties of the purchasing Clerk shall be confined to the matter of furnishing necessary
clerical work in connection with securing and purchasing supplies and the duties of the
auditor confined to seeing that proper records are maintained and information supplies
to commissioners as above and	are authorized to exercise any jurisdiction as to what-

ever supplies are necessary or required.

Vote on the above was Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the Finance Commissioner Joe S. Ronnow negotiate with an outside firm of Certified
Public Accountants for the audit of the City Books for the years 1935, .1936 and 1937.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board the resignation of C.D.Baker, as Building
Inspector, Plumbing Inspector, Purchasing Agent and Member of the Cemetery Board same to be
effective as of May 1st, 1938.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and
carried that said resignation be accepted as of May 1st, 1938.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

At this time the Clerk also read to the Board the resignation of H.L. Perry, Street Com-
missioner. Same to be effective at once.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that this matter be tabled until the regular meeting May 4th, 1938.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter from the State Board of Finance wherein more in-
formation was requested in regard to the Resolution adopted by the Board of Commissioners
making possible an emergency loan. Said loan to be used toward the cost of a municipal golf
course.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the letter be handed to Mr. Austin City Attorney for answer.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting ave.

Noes, none.