On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the Apache Club be granted one crap table license for the third quarter year. Application
being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.
Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the license heretofore granted to Peter Pansey for a retail liquor store at 110 Fremont
Street be revoked on the grounds that a sum of money ($125.00) sufficient to cover said
license has never been on deposit at the First State Bank to cover said check given for said
license since the granting of said license. License had not been issued awaiting the money
on said Check.

Vote on said motion was was follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that 2 slot machine licenses be granted to J.T. Watters and one slot machine license
be granted to A.H. Stevenson.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that Commissioner H P. Marble be granted thirty day leave of absence.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem Germain voting
aye. Noes none. Commissioner Marble not voting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday July 24th, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 24th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas Nevada held on the 24th day of July 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble
German and Down City Attorney and City Clerk

The cancelling of the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation license heretofore granted
to the said corporation on application applied for by J.H. wagner was brought before the
Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that
said license to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation be cancelled.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that a license be granted to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation for license to
operate a wholesale liquor business in the City of Las Vegas for the third quarter year.

Said application being signed by P. Waldman as manager.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner Arnett not voting. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that four slot machine licenses be granted to L.L. Arnett.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The licensing of Four Card Draw Poker games in the City of Las Vegas was next brought
before the Board for consideration, and after some discussion on the matter on motion of
Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was

RESOLVED, that the Resolution heretofore adopted restricting the operation
of Four Card Draw Poker games to a seating capacity not exceeding thirty
chairs for each game be and the same is hereby rescinded,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Four Card Draw Poker Games may in the dis-
cretion of the Board, be allowed to be played and conducted in said City at
games where the seating capacity at each game shall not exceed sixty chairs,
provided that the license for the conduct of such game shall be $7.50 per quarter
for each thirty chairs or fraction thereof,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all Four Card Draw Games shall be operated by the
use of playing cards, 52 cards in the deck, each card to be drawn from a regular
Faro Bank card box, and all cards called by a dealer or indicated by electrical
board. No Four Card Draw Game to be conducted in any other manner or by any
other scheme or device. Players cards to be sold players for one uniform price
and such price to be posted so as to be easily seen by the players.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble, and
German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.