Commissioner Fountain moved that Requisition No. 75.63 in the total amount
of $1,148.76 to Vegas Materials for parts for City lawn mowers be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the invitation of the Henderson Nevada Chamber
of Commerce for the City to participate in their annual Industrial Days cele-
bration to be held April 27, 1957, at 3:30 P.M. Commissioner Fountain was
delegated to represent the Commission at this celebration.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposed lease with the American Legion for use of
City property adjacent to their clubhouse for a parking lot. The City Manager
reported that this lease had been checked by the Engineering Department, and
the lease prepared by the City Attorneys office.

Commissioner Fountain moved the lease of this property to the American Legion
Post No. 8 be approved subject to a time limit of one (1) year, and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission there were three vacancies on the
Child Welfare Board of the City of Las Vegas, and requested that these vacan-
cies be filled.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the following appointments be made to the
Child Welfare Board:

Msgr. Donald Carmody
Miss Phyllis Millenbah
Mr. Henry J. Moore

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to write a letter
to the Clark County Board of Commissioners requesting their participation
in the hearings before the Civil Aeronautics Board concerning extending air
service in to this area by payment of one-half of the expenses of the City
Attorney's office at said hearings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the agreement between the City and the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, covering the construction of a public road crossing
across Owens Avenue. Mr. Kennedy explained that this agreement had previously
been approved, but at that time it was thought that North Las Vegas would also
be a party to the proposed improvement. The City Manager further stated that
the proposed crossing had been relocated now so that it was within the City
limits of the City of Las Vegas, and requested that the Mayor be authorized
to sign this agreement with the Railroad Company.

Commissioner Fountain moved this agreement be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED: That the form of agreement between the City of Las Vegas,
a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of. Nevada, and Los Angeles
& Salt Lake Railroad Company and its lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company,
corporations of the State of Utah, covering the construction of public road
crossing across Owens Street at grade, Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the same is
hereby approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk of said City are authorized
and directed to execute said agreement for and on behalf of the said City of
Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Mr. Will Ed Harris had deeded
property to the City of Las Vegas on Aug. 1, 1956, Deed #606, said property
located in the Town of Winchester to be used by the City for a fire station.

Mr. Kennedy stated that since the City had not used this property for said
purpose and instead had located the new West Charleston Fire Station on
Hinson Street in Hyde Park, he recommended that Mr. Harris' property be re-
turned to him.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the property deeded to the City of Las Vegas for
a fire station be returned to Mr. Will Ed. Harris, and the City Attorney in-
structed to prepare the necessary deed to accomplish the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

The City Manager presented the request of Robert Van Santen, representing the
Downtown Club Owners and Max Goot, Chairman of the local fund drive for the
City of Hope that permission be granted to block off a portion of Fremont
Street from the Lucky Strike Club to Main Street for festivities on July 31,

1957 from 7:00 P.M. until 11:00 P.M.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CITY OF HENDERSON
"Industrial Days
Celebration

LEASE OF CITY PROPERTY
American Legion

CHILD WELFARE BOARD
Appointments

CAB HEARINGS
Expenses

UPRR AGREEMENT
Owens Ave. Grade
Crossing

RETURN OF PROPERTY
Will Ed Harris

CITY OF HOPE
Fremont Street Use