OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. MAY 13th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned, meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 13th day of May, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, together with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, C.J.
Hammond, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular meeting were read, and there being no omissions of
corrections were appro ed as read.

Messrs. Harry Blanding, John F. Miller, W.S. Rhoads and Joe S. Smith appeared before the
Board requesting the improvement of Main Street , presenting a petition which is on file
with the Clerk of the Board. After considerable discussion the matter was taken under
consideration by the Board.

It appearing to the Board that the Fire Department needs 100 feet of fire hose,



the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to enter into a contract with the Eureka
Fire Hose Company for the purchase of 1000 feet at $1.50 per foot, payable on or before
the first of May, 1927.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, on motion of Commissioner Mundy. seconded by Commissioner Hammond, that the Board
adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on Thursday, the 3rd day of June, A.D.
1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 3rd,1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of June, A.D, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.
The claim of R.E. Rockwell in the sum of $2.50 and that of L.H. Rockwell in the sum of
$47.15 were ordered held up as there were no requisitions accompanying.

F.A. Gibson appeared before the Board requesting a permit for his son, who is under the
age of 16 years, to drive a car in the City of Las Vegas, But on referring the natter to the
City Attorney the Board was advise that neither the State Law nor the city ordinance pro-
vided for the issuance of permits to youths under the age of 16 years.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada. June 3,1926
Board of City Commissioners,