USE PERMIT - U-16-57	The Commission again considered the application of the Palm Mortuary, doing 

Palm Mortuary	business as Desert Lawn, Inc. for a use permit to erect a mausoleum at the rear of

Palm Mortuary, at 1325 North Main Street in a C-2 zone.

Mayor Baker announced that action had been deferred on this application and the
matter referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation. His Honor stated
that the Planning Commission recommended that mausoleums be established as a 
permitted use in the C-2 zone on the basis of a use permit and that the provisions
of the C-2 use regulations of the zoning ordinance be amended to specifically
provide for such action.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Palm Mortuary for a use permit to
erect a mausoleum at 1325 North Main Street be approved subject to the installation

of a six foot block wall on the north and south sides of the property and
a temporary fence on the east side to be extended as the development is completed,

and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED BY the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 18th day of December, 1957 having considered the
application of Palm Mortuary doing business as Desert Lawn, Inc. for a use permit
to erect a mausoleum at the rear of Palm Mortuary at 1325 North Main Street
in a C-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
mausoleums be established as a permitted use in C-2 zones on basis of a use permit

and that provisions of C-2 use regulations of zoning ordinance be amended to
specifically provide for such action;

IT IS THE DECISION of this Board that the application of Palm Mortuary for use
permit to erect a mausoleum at 1325 North Main Street be approved subject to the
installation of a six foot block wall on the north and south sides of the property
and a temporary fence on the east side to be extended as the development is com-
pleted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held and the Commission requested that the City Attorney prepare
an amendment to the zoning ordinance to permit mausoleums in a C-2 zone on the
basis of a use permit, and advised the applicant that this would be acted upon
on January 22nd, and at that time they would authorize the Use Permit for the
mausoleum.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp Withdrew his motion and Commissioner Fountain 

withdrew his second, approving the application for use permit.

CITY HALL REMODELING Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission that P & C Construction Co., contractor
Extension of Time	for the remodeling of City Hall has requested additional time for the completion

	of this contract. Mr. Hansen explained that the delay has been caused by failure

of the manufacturer to deliver materials, and recommended that a thirty day ex-
tension be granted.

Commissioner Bunker moved that P & C Construction Co. be granted an extension of
thirty days for completion on the remodeling of City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIONS CLUB PARK	Mr. Hansen explained that P & C Construction Co., contractor for the restrooms at

RESTROOMS	Lions Club Park have requested additional time for the completion of this con-

Extension of Time	tract because of failure of the manufacturer to deliver materials. Mr. Hansen

recommended this request be granted and a thirty day extension allowed.

Commissioner Fountain moved that P & C Construction Co. be granted a thirty

day extension for completion of the contract on the restrooms for Lions Club Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RED ROCK BAPTIST	Field Engineer Hansen presented the request of the Red Rock Baptist Church that

CHURCH	the Improvement Agreement for the construction of a church at Upland and Fir

Improvement Agreement be amended. Mr. Hansen stated that they wished to construct the off-site 
U-4-57	improvements in two stages:

1.	The construction of the off-site improvements on Upland Blvd. be
completed in six months. A bond has been filed in the amount of

$3,432.44.

2.	The construction of the off-site improvements on Fir Avenue to

be completed within 36 months. Prior to the start of construction
a bond in the amount of $3,608.11 will be posted.

Mr. Hansen explained that this request is made due to the difficulty of obtaining

bonding money, and recommended that this amendment be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Improvement Agreement with the Red Rock Baptist
Church be amended to take care of the requested revision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

HASTINGS AVENUE	Works Engineer Uehling presented estimates of cost for the installation of

Improvement	sewer, curbs, gutters and paving of the 1600 block of Hastings Avenue. Mr.

	Uehling explained that Mr. Cox, property owner on the corner of Shadow Lane

and Hastings Avenue has not been contacted to secure the required right-of-
way.

12-18-57