Las Vegas, Nevada
September 18, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 18th day of September, 1957 was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members pre-
sent:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Field Engineer	Kennedy Hansen

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Planning Director Franklin J. Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Mayor Baker announced this was the time set for Mr. Keith Richards owner
of the Sunset Liquor Store, 1027 South Main Street to appear and show cause
why his package liquor and beer bar licenses should not be revoked.

Mr. Richards was present at this time.

His Honor advised Mr. Richards he had been asked to come before the Com-
mission in regard to selling cigarettes to a minor, allowing minors around
the premises and permitting an employee to work in his establishment with-
out registering with the Police Department.

Mr. Richards explained that the minor had come into his liquor store and
had been asked to leave by the clerk on duty. He did leave, but came
back later and had secured the cigarettes from the machine without the
knowledge of the clerk. Mr. Richards advised the Commission that he had
placed new signs concerning the prohibiting of cigarettes being purchased
by minors, and had instructed his employees to be very careful; that if
minors come in to tell them to leave, and if they do not leave to call the
Police Department and have them put out.

Mr. Richards was questioned about the sale of miniatures in his place of
business, and advised the Commission that he had discontinued the sale of
this type of package liquor thirty days ago.

Mayor Baker stated that the Board in interested in the responsibility of
those people in this type of business. He reminded Mr. Richards that
liquor and gaming licenses are privileged businesses and the licensee is
responsible for the operation of his business in compliance with the law.

Mr. Richards assured the Board that he wished to cooperate in every way
to keep everything under control concerning minors and sale of liquor.

He further stated that he appreciated having a license and being in bus-
iness.

Commissioner Sharp asked what the status was of the employee who was work-
ing without a registration card. Mr. Richards stated that he had given
this employee a slip to obtain the card, and was unaware at the time that
she had not registered with the Police Department. He said that she had
registered immediately after being advised of this violation.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he was in agreement with the statements of
the Mayor; that minors in these establishments and liquor being served
at a beer bar has to stop. He advised Mr. Richards that if he was called
before the Commission again that he would vote to revoke his license.

Commissioner Whipple reiterated the statements of the other members of the
Commission and advised Mr. Richards that it was his business to see that
there were no further incidents.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for Charitable Soli-
citation Permits, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the permits:

AMERICAN LEGION AUXILIARY UNIT #8

PITTMAN WOMEN'S CLUB

SOUTHERN NEVADA SIGHTLESS, INC.

BASEBALL FOR YOUTH, INC.

WOMEN OF THE MOOSE

OPTI-MRS. CLUB

SHOW CAUSE HEARING

Sunset Liquor

Store



CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMITS

