Director of Public Works George Wade presented the request of Wells-Stewart Construction
Company for final payment of the 10% retention on the improvement of "A" Street. Mr. Wade
recommended this request be approved in the total amount of $1,349. 86.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Wells-Stewart Construction Company for final
payment on the A Street project in the total amount of $1,349.86 be approved and the warrant
issued.

Motion* seconded bv Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following "vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Clay Lynch from the Clark County Engineering Department was present at this time to
discuss the easement granted the County on May 16, 19% for highway right-of-way in
Section 17, T21S, R61E. Mr. Lynch asked that the Commission reconsider the realignment
of the easement granted across City land and pointed out if the County constructed the high-
way in the manner suggested there would be curves in the highway that would be too short
an arc which is not good planning.

The Board suggested that the County Engineers renegotiate with property owners to the
south of the City property so that the highway can be constructed without these curves.

The Commissioner pointed out that if. the City granted the easement in the location the
County requested that the remainder of the property on each side of the proposed highway
would be too small to be of much value.

Thereafter the matter was held in abeyance until Mr. Lynch could contact other property
owners affected to see if the matter, could be straightened out.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Richard and Doris Tam to the City for
streets in the Judy Rich Tract No. 2.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made.

RESOLUTION

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner E. W.

Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of June, 1956; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 9th day of
May, 1956, executed by JUDY RICH ENTERPRISES, A CORPORATION to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

JUDY RICH TRACT 2 ( STREETS)

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 14780 through 15000 and 1 through 292
in the net amount of $68,909.% be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6918 to 7054 and 7056 to
7074 in the total amount of $175,628.08 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple, and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of June 6, 1956 be approved by reference and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The Commissions considered the claim of Ernest Thacker in the amount of $2148.00. Mr.

Thacker requested this amount for damages to his property at 326 South 10th Street reportedly
caused by a sewer back-up.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Ernest Thacker in the amount of $2148.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Assistant City Attorney Ralston O. Hawkins reported to the Commission that the
quitclaim deed and release from the U. S. Government for that property occupied by the old
sewer plant, had been received and was at present being recorded. Mr. Hawkins recommended
the City authorize the payment of this claim in the total amount of $32,229.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of the U. S. Government in the total
amount of $32,229.00 for the old sewer plant be approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the payment to the Las Vegas Volunteer Firemen in the amount of
$3200.00 for the moving and use of their club house when the same was moved from the location
of the old police station on North 2nd Street to the present location at 2nd and Mesquite,
be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

"A" STREET IMPROVEMENT
Final Payment

EASEMENT TO COUNTY
Sec. 17-21-61
Clark County
Truck Route R/W

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Judy Rich Tract No. 2
Richard and Doris Tam

FOR:

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Ernest Thacker
Denied

PAYMENT TO GOVERNMENT
OLD SEWER PLANT

LAS VEGAS VOLUNTEER
FIREMEN - Club House