WATER MAIN CONNECTION:	Commissioner Elwell moved that the request from the Public Works Department for

J. C. FREMONT	approval of Purchase Requisition No. 58% in the amount of $1,155.00, to the J. A.

RECREATION AREA	Tiberti Construction Company, for an 8" Water Main Connection, 80' long, to serve

the J. C. Fremont Recreation Area be approved.

Purchase Requisition

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

CHARLESTON INN	At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held May 20, 1959, Show

Marie R. Phillips	Cause Hearing was held in regard to the revocation of the restaurant beverage license

of Mrs. Marie R. Phillips doing business as the Charleston Inn, 1107 South 2nd Street.

Show Cause Order

Dismissed	At that time licensee was allowed to continue business under her restaurant beverage

license subject to a strict police supervision with report to be made by the Police
Department to the Board of City Commissioners at this meeting. Chief of Police Ray
Sheffer advised the Board that Mrs. Phillips had installed a large restaurant sign
and taken down the beer signs, and was operating properly under her restaurant 
beverage license.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Show Cause Order issued to Marie R. Phillips
doing business as the Charleston Inn, 1107 South 2nd Street, be dismissed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

MCNAUGHTON LIBRARY           City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Mrs. Reba McKinster, Librarian, for
AGREEMENT MODIFICATION         approval of a modification of the McNaughton Library Agreement to increase the 
inventory from 300 to 600 books, and the monthly replacement from 30 to 60 books; payment
Approved	under modified agreement would be $210.00 per month.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the modification of the McNaughton Library Agreement
be approved and the Acting Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

CONCORDIA PLACE	At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held June 3, 1959, 

Cul-de-Sac	consideration was given a request from Harold Stocker in regard to offsite improvements

agreed to for Concordia Place which is a cul-de-sac located on the north side of
Harold Stocker	Oakey Boulevard between 15th and 16th Streets. Mr. Stocker wished permission to

build a 4" roll type curb instead of "L" type curb as required by the improvement
4" Roll Type Curb	agreement, as there are only six homes in this cul-de-sac and he wished to make it

Approved	appear as a lane instead of a street. This request was held in abeyance at the meeting 

of June 3, 1959.

Mr. Stocker spoke to the Board advising them that this is a small development and
he would like to develop it more as a lane. He added that there was no excessive
drainage problem. Commissioner Fountain stated that he could see no objection to
the roll type curb in a cul-de-sac of this nature.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that the Engineering Department was opposed to
roll type curb anywhere as there would be nothing to stop cars from going over the
curb. Mr. Stocker replied that in a street of continuity he would agree with Mr.
Sauer, but in this particular development, he would not.

Commissioner Elwell moved that the request of Mr. Stocker to build 4" roll type curb
instead of "L" type curb in Concordia Place be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell and Fountain voting aye; His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting
no by reason of the fact that the City had an ordinance covering these things; however, 
he was of the opinion that perhaps the ordinance should be amended to allow
 this sort of development. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

CIVIL SERVICE TRUSTEES              Commissioner Fountain moved that Don Ashworth, C. L. Horsey, Jr., and George Knipp be

reappointed as members of the Civil Service Board of Trustees; terms to expire July
Don Ashworth, C. L.                     1, 1963.

Horsey, Jr. and

George Knipp	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Acting Mayor Pro Tem Sharp voting aye; noes,
Reappointed	none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker and Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple.

CIVIL SERVICE TRUSTEES	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Ralph Denton had submitted his

Ralph Denton	resignation from the Civil Service Board of Trustees as he had moved to Boulder City,

and he requested that his resignation be accepted.

Resignation Accepted

Commissioner Fountain moved that Ralph Denton's resignation from the Civil Service
Board of Trustees be approved and a letter of commendation for his fine services be
sent to him and made a part of these minutes.

LETTER

June 26, 1959

Mr. Ralph Denton
212 South 5th Street
Las Vegas, Nevada

Dear Mr. Denton:

At the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held June 17, 1959,
your resignation as member of the Civil Service Board of Trustees was accepted with

6-17-59