On Motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered that the
balance of $24,516.78 on bill of General Construction Corporation and R.A.Watson dated June
1st, 1930, allowed on June 7th, 1930 for $44, 516.78 and on which $20,000.00 has been paid,
be paid by warrant drawn on the proper fund.

Vote on said motion as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 24th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 24th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County , Nevada held on the 24th day of June 1930, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of June 16, and 19th, 1930. read and approved as read.

A letter from the American Legion asking the City to have the plot of land that has

been donated to the City for park purposes improved. Clerk was directed to answer same.

At this time the matter of the way the garbage was being disposed of in the City by
the Las Vegas Disposal Company was brought before the Board.

After a lengthy discussion the following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner
Thomas, and seconded by Commissioner German:

Resolved, that the Las Vegas Disposal Company be notified by the Commissioner of Streets

O.J. Smith that it is not fallfilling the contract held between the City of Las Vegas, and

the Las Vegas Disposal Company in not providing a public dump ground, and using the dump
ground belonging to the City, and that Mr. Taylor of the Las Vegas Disposal Company be notified
and appear before this Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 27th day of June at the hour of three o'clock.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 27th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 27th day of June 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Thomas, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Smith.

At this time the Board took up the matter of paying the balance due on the land pur-
chased by the City through the First State Bank.

The Clark was directed to transfer $400.00 from the General Fund to the Publicity
Fund and draw a warrant, for $1,200.00 the balance due on the land, and $35.00 interest due
on same from February 1st, 1930 to July 1st 1930, on the Publicity Fund payable to the
First State Bank.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until June 30th, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.