His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to object to this proposed
rezoning. There were no protests filed or voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
accepted and the above described property be rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett
passed his vote.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the proposed rezoning of the follow-
ing described property:

Lots 25 to 4.8, Block 4, Boulder Dam Homesite Ad-
dition to be rezoned from R-1 to R-2 and Lots 25
to 48, Block 2; Lots 27 to 52, Block 3; and Lots
27 to 52, Block 6, all in the Boulder Dam Home-
site Addition and Lots 1 to 12, Block 1, Gibson
and Jones Addition to be rezoned from R-1 to R-3.

His Honor asked if there were any protests to this proposed rezoning. There were no objec-
tions voiced or filed.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
approved and the above described property rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the fol-
lowing described property:

Lots 36 to 41, Block 5; Lots 37 to 46, Block 6;

Lots 37 to 46, Block 7; Lots 37 to 46, Block 8;

Lots 26 to 40, Block 13; Lots 37 to 46, Block 14;

Lots 37 to 46, Block 15; and Lots 37 to 46, Block

16, all in the South Meadows Addition to be re-

zoned from R-1 and R-2 to R-3.

His Honor asked if there were any protests to this proposed rezoning, There were no ob-
jections voiced or filed.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
approved and the above described property rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the following
described property:

A portion of the easterly 131.5 feet of the SW¼
of the SE¼ of Section 35, Township 20 South,

Range 61 Bast, M.D.B. & M., to be rezoned from
R-1 to C-2.

His Honor asked if there were any protests to this proposed rezoning. There were no
objections voiced or filed.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
approved and the above described property rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the continuation of the public hearing held April 16, 1952 on the appeal of
the decision of the Regional Planning Commission by Richard Toleno for his application
for variance at 341 North 10th Street to permit an 8-unit apartment house In an R-2
zone, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this request
for variance.

Mr. Kempling, a property owner in this vicinity voiced his objections.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that this application for variance be denied, be approved and Mr. Toleno be
allowed 120 days to reconvert this building into a duplex.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

This being the continuation of the public hearing held April 16, 1952 on the appeal of
the decision of the Regional Planning Commission by F.E. Searway on his application
for variance to permit the construction of a grocery store on the southwest corner of
H and McWilliams Streets, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to
object to this request for variance. There were no objections voiced or filed.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved this application for variance be granted and the
following resolution adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 21st day of February, 1952, F.E. Searway filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to permit the construction of a
store in an R-2 (Two-family Residence) Use District at the southwest corner of H and
McWilliams Streets; and

WHEREAS, on March 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time one objection was raised pro-

Stewart Street -
Boulder Dam Home-
sites

& Gibson-Jones
Addns.

Fairfield Avenue
South Meadows
Addn.

Fremont near
Charleston

PUBLIC HEARINGS
CONTINUED
Richard Toleno
Variance



F.E. Searway
Variance