Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 7th, A.D. 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the above mentioned date Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ullom and
Elwell, with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the Last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed except the claim of MiI. Newkirk in
the sum of Five dollars which was ordered laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board,
for further information.

At this time it was ordered that the sum of ($500.00) be and the same is hereby ordered transferred
 from the Salary fund of the City to the Street fund of said City.

It was further ordered by the Board the the sum of $200.00 be and the same is hereby ordered
transferred from the General fund of the City to the Cemetery fund of said City.

Upon motion of Comm. Elwell, seconded by Comm. Ullom, the following preambles and resolution
were adopted:

Whereas the report of the City Treas. of Oct. 31, 1917, shows an overdraft of $308.20 in the
funds of Sidewalk District No. 6, of the City of Las Vegas, which overdraft was caused by the pay-
ment of amounts therefrom upon contract due and payable out of the funds of Sidewalk District Bo. 5,
all of which is more particularly set forth in the Report of Special Accountant H. E. Freudenthal
filed with this Board on the 23rd day of February, 1917, and

Whereas it appears from said report of the City Treasurer that there are on hands in the funds
of Sidewalk District No. 5, the sum of $240.09, which should be transferred to the funds of said
sidewalk District No. 6, and that the deficiency of said overdraft should be paid from the General
Fund of said City of Las Vegas,

NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved, that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby ordered and directed:
I. To transfer the sum of $240.09 from the funds of Sidewalk District No. 5 to the funds of
Sidewalk District No. 6.

2. To transfer from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to the funds of said Sidewalk
District No. 6, the sum of $68.11.