and carried it was ordered that this matter be and the same is hereby referred to the City Attorney
of Las Vegas, Nevada, with instructions that he draw upon the necessary papers and submit the
same to this Board at its next regular meeting to be held in February 1917.

It was then upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by commissioner Farnsworth
and duly carried ordered that the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do sell to the said C.W. Perry and
A.L. J. Clark of said City of Las vegas, Nevada for the sum of One dollar eighty feet of Eight
inch well casing, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf
aye, Farnsworth aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk called the attention of the Board to the fact that it would be necess-
ary to have the City Books audited for the year 1916. whereupon motion being duly made and carried
it was ordered that the City Clerk have the same done by some certified accountant as provided
by law.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada,

Las Vegas, Nevada, February 7th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las vegas,
Nevada, held on the 7th day of February A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, With City
Commissioners Matzdorf, Farnsworth, Elwell, and Ball Present with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Approved as read and appears upon claim Book
on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read;

It appearing to the Board that the Cemetery fund is over drawn, it was then upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that the sum of Two hundred dollars be and the same is here by ordered
transferred from the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to the Cemetery fund of said City.

At this time it appearing to the Board that the sum of ten dollars as ordered by the Board at
there last regular meeting for man and Four horses is not enough it was then upon motion of Comm- 
Farnsworth and seconded by Commissioners Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that said resolution
be amended to read as follows towit; that the amount to be paid for man and four horses for all City
work be the sum of Eleven dollars per day instead of ten dollars per day. the vote upon said
resolution being as follows towit Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell aye,

Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor Voting aye.

A petition from the citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada requesting the Board to inforce the ordinance
relating to numbering of houses in said City coming on before the Board it was after due considera-
tion upon the part of the Board ordered that the Police officers of said City be and are hereby
instructed to see to the enforcing of said ordinance.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a letter from the Los Angeles and Salt Lake R.R.
company relating to the construction of sidewalks on Fremont street from Main street to the Rail-
road Depot, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was then upon motion
being duly made and carried ordered that said railroad Company be notified that if they will
construct sidewalks one on each side of said street from the Depot to Main street said walks to be
eight feet wide, that the City of Las vegas Nevada would pay one half of the cost of construction of
the said sidewalks above mentioned.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the following complaint from night policemen F.A.
Waite. as follows towit;