Monies Proportioned as follows:

$1,000.00 General Fund.

839.75	Police and Fire Fund.

223.23 Water Sewer Light Fund.

85.00	Cemetery
$2147. 98 Total.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the following gaming Licenses be granted. Said application being approved by the Police and
Fire Commissioner R. W. Thomas.

Application of A. T. McCarter Exchange Club, 3 tables, Boulder Club three Tables.

F. S. LeRoy two tables, Brown and Sanders 2 Tables, Gilmore and Horden two tables, Stocker
Brothers two tables, Rainbow Club two tables, Sam Stern two tables, J. R. Boyer two tables,

Woo Weget two tables, Frank Martin one table:

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith German, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing, and Directing the Ex-officio City Assess of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to Levy A Special Assessment to Defray the Costs
of Making Certain improvements In the City of Las Vegas, By Grading for and Construction of
Asphaltic Concrete Pavement Durite Process on Certain Streets and Portions of Streets In Said
City, According to the plats, Diagrams and Estimates of Cost Thereof on File in the Office of

the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas: Describing Definitely the Location of said Improvement

Stating the Amounts of said Assessment, and Designating the Lots, Lands and Premises to be Ass-
essed According to Benefits: Providing for the Issuance of Special Assessment Bonds for the
Payment Thereof, and Other Matter Relating Thereto, was read to the Board for a second time, and
passed by the following vote, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

Same to be in full force and effect from and afters its complete publication for one week
(three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a triweekly newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas.

An Ordinance empowering authorizing and directing the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada to levy a special assessment to defray the costs
of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by the construction of Hydraulic Cement
Concrete Curbs and Gutters and rough grading on certain streets and protions of streets in said

City, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of

the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definately the location of said improvements

stating the amounts of said assessments, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be ass-
essed according to benefits; providing for the issuance of Special Assessment Bonds for the pay-
ment thereof and other matters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a second time, and
passed by the following vote: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

Same to be in full force and effect after its complete publication of one week ( six
i sues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper printed and Published in
the City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark Coun-
ty, State of Nevada, to borrow Eighteen Thousand Dollars ($18,000.00), to provide funds for
the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of Commissioners
to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of Asphaltic
Concrete Pavement Durite Process upon the interior squares or spaces formed by the intersection
of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said City, or not public
ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those certain improvements
authorized and determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 149 of the City
of Las Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be
known as "Las Vegas Special 1950 Pavement Improvement Bonds," Series A" and providing for the
payment of the principal and interest on said bonds, and other matters relating thereto" was read
to the Board for a second time and passed by the following vote; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell
and Smith and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

Same to be in full force and effect afters its complete publication for a period of one
week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in the
City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark Coun-
ty, State of Nevada, to borrow Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) to provide finds for the pur-
pose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of Commissioners to be 
stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the construction of Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs
Gutters and Rough Grading for street improvements upon interior squares or spaces formed by the
intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to the City or
public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those certain improve-
ments authorized and determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 150 of the City
of Las Vegas; to issue and sell bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be
known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds Series B," and providing for
the payment of the principal and interest on said bonds, and other matters relating thereto,"
was read to the Board for a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners 
Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, and His honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Same to be in full force and effect from and afters its passage, and complete publication
for one week ( six issues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal a daily newspaper print-
ed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 3rd day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.