carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of twelve and one-half cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied
collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such proper-
ty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of nineteen and one-half cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year, 1925, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of nine and one-half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1925, including the met proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known add used as the Light Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of six cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, Col-
lected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Cemetery Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of seven and one-half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Publicity Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of two cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Sewer Bond Interest
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fourteen cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of nine cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Highway Bond Interest
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of eight cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Highway Bond Redemption
Fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell, and
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to notify the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established and levied
by this Board for the year 1925, and to direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and
cause to be collected and paid the sum of eighty-eight cents on each one hundred dollars

worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation. Voting
on said Resolution Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes
none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, second-