The Director of Public Works recommended that the bid of Clark County Wholesale be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.6 for an Insecticide Fogging Machine be awarded
to Clark County Wholesale in the total amount of $1295.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Elmer Gates presented a letter from the Clark County School District
requesting a letter from the City granting permission to North Las Vegas to allow the School
District to hook an elementary school to the North Las Vegas Sewer System.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City Attorney be authorized to write a letter to the
Clark County School District advising them that according to the contract between the City
of Las Vegas and the City of North Las Vegas regarding the sewer system, it is not necessary
for North Las Vegas to obtain permission from the City of Las Vegas insofar as additional
service in North Las Vegas is concerned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented a letter from the Southern Nevada Industrial Founda-
tion regarding office space and secretarial assistance to be provided by the City.
Commissioners Bunker and Sharp were appointed to meet with this organization.

Acting City Manager Gates presented the request of the Director of Public Works that
authorization be granted to take positive action against Tony Toleno, builder of Paradise
Plaza, for non-performance of corrections of off-site improvements that has been requested
repeatedly.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a stop order be issued effective February 21, 1957 and the
City Clerk instructed to prepare an order to Tony Toleno to appear before the Commission
on March 6, 1957 to show cause why his Contractors license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented an agreement with the Las Vegas Valley Water District
covering the extension of the water mains to serve the fire station at 28th and Charleston,
and a bill of sale conveying title to the water mains to the District.

Commissioner Bunker moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented the purchase requisition of the Recreation Department
for swimming pool paint to the Specialty Sales Company of Salt Lake City in the amount
of $938.75. Mr. Gates advised the Commission that no local vendors can supply this item.

Commissioner Fountain moved the purchase requisition to the Specialty Sales Company for
 swimming pool paint in the amount of $938.75 be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp.

Acting City Manager Gates presented Purchase Requisition No. 7222 to Whiting Brothers for
the paving of "A" Street from Charleston Boulevard to Main Street where Western Heating
& Ventilating Co. is located. He advised the Commission this is a cash assessment district
and the money has been received.

Commissioner Whipple moved this requisition to Whiting Brothers in the total amount of
$3,382.46 for the paving of "A" Street be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented Purchase Requisition No. 7223 to Stocks Mill & Supply
for the installation of curbs and gutters on "A" Street. He advised the Commission this
is a cash assessment district and the money has been received.

Commissioner Sharp moved this requisition to Stocks Mill & Supply in the total amount of
$4,713.00 for curbs and gutters on "A" Street be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented Purchase Requisition No. 5714 to Standard Wholesale
Supply for supplies for the fire alarm system.

Commissioner Bunker moved this requisition to Standard Wholesale Supply Company in the
total amount of $1130.00 be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Gates presented a letter from the General Services Administration advising
that the application of the City for property for recreational purposes at 13th and Bridger
had been approved, subject to payment of $1,026.30 and compliance with the provisions of
paragraph 2 of the application.

Commissioner Sharp moved the purchase of this property be approved and a warrant in the
amount of $1,026.30 authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY SCHOOL
DISTRICT
Sewer Connection

SOUTHERN NEVADA
INDUSTRIAL FOUNDATION

PARADISE PLAZA -
Stop Order

FIRE STATION WATER
LINES

Agreement with Water
District

SWIMMING POOL PAINT

"A" STREET IMPROVE-
MENT 

FIRE ALARM SYSTEM