of the Board of County Commissioners of the County affected and with the approval
of the City Council of incorporated cities affected thereby; and

WHEREAS, the construction, reconstruction, realignment and relocation of that
portion of that highway described hereafter will be of material benefit to the
residents of the City of Las Vegas and to the public in general, by providing
better and safer means of transportation because of such proposed improvements;
and

WHEREAS, it is anticipated that the said highway will carry a heavy load
of traffic and will become one of the principal arteries of travel in the City
of Las Vegas,

WHEREAS, it appears that said highway falls within the needs and definition
of limited access highway or freeway under the Federal rules and regulations of
the Federal Government as established pursuant to statutes governing aid to the
several states for the construction of highways; and

WHEREAS, the Department of Highways, pursuant to Section 186 hereinbefore
mentioned, has passed a resolution providing that said department may lay out,
establish, acquire, open, construct, reconstruct, improve, maintain, repair and
regulate a certain highway hereinafter described as a limited access highway or
freeway within the meaning of the federal and state statutes and has requested
the approval of the City Council of the City of Las Vegas to that end, said route
is described as follows:

From the south city limits of Las Vegas as San Fran-
cisco Avenue some approximate 1000' west of the U.P.R.R.
thence in a northeasterly direction west of the U.P.R.R.
to a crossing of Charleston Boulevard some approxi-
mate 1000' west of the U.P.R.R. thence continuing
in a northeasterly direction west of the U.P.R.R. to
the north city limits of Las Vegas at Owens Avenue
some approximate 500' west of the U.P.R.R.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the City Council of the City of Las
Vegas, State of Nevada, that pursuant to said Section 186 hereinbefore mentioned
approval is hereby given to the State Highway Department so that it may lay out,
establish, acquire, open, construct, reconstruct, improve, maintain, repair and
regulate the hereinbefore described highway as a limited access highway or freeway.

DATED this 1st day of August, 1957

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Attorney Cannon left the meeting at this time.

Mr. Caesar Murphy, manager of the Arthur Murray School of Dance and his attorney,

Mr. B. Mahlon Brown were present to discuss their request previously presented to
the Commission on June 11, 1957, to establish a dance hall in the building known
as Vegas Theater located between 15th and 16th Streets on Fremont.

Commissioner Bunker reported to the Commission that he and Commissioner Fountain
had met with a representative group from the community and discussed this proposition
and had found that they were opposed to any such dance hall catering to teenagers.

Mr. Bunker stated that he personally felt that Mr. Murphy could not make a go of
a public dance hall if teenagers were excluded, but he too felt that it would not
be feasible to allow these youngsters to mix with the adult attendance. He con-
tinued that there is the possibility of conflict with the boys from Nellis Air
Force Base and there is the problem of parking facilities and the necessity of
policing the parking lot.

Mr. Brown advised the Board that this matter had been discussed with the Chief of
Police, and it was Mr. Brown's understanding that Chief Sheffer felt this was a
worthwhile venture and would prefer to have the congregating of teenagers in one
location within the City where it would be under his jurisdiction and could be
controlled.

The Commission discussed the opposition from surrounding residential property
owners, the parking situation, the accessibility of obtaining liquor within the
vicinity, and the existing "curfew" ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker advised Mr. Murphy he was opposed to the installation of a
dance hall which would cater to teenagers.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that he too was opposed to such a dance hall at this
time because he felt that the schools, churches and Recreation Department provided
sufficient entertainment for this age group.

Commissioner Fountain said that he was in favor of a dance hall, but not at this
proposed location.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he was opposed to the location and did not feel at
this time that teenagers should be permitted to attend.

Thereafter the Commission decided to request the City Attorney to secure ordinances
concerning dance hails from other cities of comparable size before making a final
decision on this request.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the payroll for the period ending July 31, 1957 in
the estimated gross amount of $99,864.00 and estimated net amount of $75,900.00,
be approved and the warranted authorized to be issued.

PROPOSED PUBLIC
DANCE HALL

PAYROLL

