OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 5th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 5th day of November, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and
Downs, City Clerk and Deputy City Attorney.

Absent City Attorney Henderson.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money Received for the month of October as follows,

$16,285.02 Licenses, fees and Misc. collections
296.05 Sale of Street Materials

204.00	Poll Tax

90.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots
430.45 Garbage collections to W.S. & L. Fund
76.42 Moving light line Westside

_____408.00 Municipal Court Fines

17,789.94 Total Collections

Money proportioned as follows:

$6,500.00 P and F Fund

4,475.00	Street Fund

2,800.00	W.S. & L. Fund
90.00 Cemetery Fund

3.924.94 General Fund
$17,789.94 Total

Mrs. Harris appeared before the Board in regard to her husband securing work of some
kind with the City. She was told that his name would be kept on file in case a opening appeared
in his line.

At this time a plan was presented to the Board of City Commissioners from the American
Legion Post No. 8 for the erection of a municipal building on the City owned property at the
corner of 5th & Stewart St.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the letter be handed the City Attorney and that he investigate the legal proceedings
in regarding the use of said ground for a building, and the necessary steps to be taken.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the bond of the Chief of Police be increased from the sum of Two Thousand Dollars to the
sum of Ten Thousand Dollars.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the City from its Publicity Fund donate the sum of Two Hundred Dollars to be used in adver-
tising the "Question No. 1." on the ballot at the coming election. Said advertising to be carried
on through the Chamber of Commerce.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a "Keno" license be granted to the Gordon Holding Company for 104 No. 1st St. Application being
in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.	

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
v ting aye. Noes none.

At this time the. Board entered into a discussion on the license for family liquor stores.
There being some dissatisfaction among the tavern owners as to the operation and license of the
family liquor stores. No action was taken at this time but the City Clerk was directed to write
each family liquor store manager and inform them of a meeting to be held on Nov. 15th, 1934
a which time the managers of the family liquor stores and the tavern owners could express their
opinions to the Board of City Commissioners.

The City Attorney was instructed to draw up a form of ordinance governing the drinking of
liquors on the public streets and places of the City of Las Vegas, and also on soliciting of
merchandise from door to door.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that three taxi cab licenses be granted to the following. Applications being in proper form and
the bond as is required by City Ordinance governing public liability and property damage accompanying
 them.

Lee Spiers, J.F. Foremaster and Harry Shade.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.