OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Janaary 4, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of January A.D., 1922 at the hoar of eight o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor
William C. German, Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens, Harry N. Anderson and Lon Martin,
together with the City Clerk and the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens.

Minutes of the Last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read, and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk of this Board,
excepting the claim of Stanley Parsky for the sam of $150.00 for damages alleged to have been incurred 

through the fault of the City of Las Vegas, which was referred to the Sewer and Light
Commissioner, Thomas R. Hodgens for investigation, by a resolution which was the motion of Commissioner
Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried. Voting, Commissioners Brickie, Anderson,
Hodgens, and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the question of action upon the petition presented to this Board for the
construction and operation of a municipal gas plant came on for discussion, and it was moved by
Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried that the Clerk of this
Board be, and she is hereby instructed to write to the Chamber of Commerce, and to request that
body to take up the matter of finding some means of getting an expression of public opinion from
the property owners of Las Vegas, as to the advisability or inadvisability of going to the expense
of having an engineer come to Las Vegas to make the preliminary survey. Voting, Commissioners
Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens, and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

Riverside, Calif.

December 23, 1921.

City of Las Vegas,

Nevada/

Gentlemen:

In view of the confused impressions received by the Southwest
concerning the plans of the various Federal departments having connection
with the projects on the Colorado River it has been suggested that the
interests of clarification will be served by a conference of a committee
from the League of the Southwest with Secretary of Commerce Hoover, newly
appointed member of the Colorado River Commission. The details of such con-
ference are now being arranged. It is suggested this committee should re-
present wholly the non-political elements of each state and should consist
of one member from each state.

It will be determined during the next week whether this conference
will take place in Washington or at some point in the West. It is probable
it will be held about the middle of January. You will be advised farther
as to date, place and other details.

It is suggested your organization appoint its representative
on this committee on behalf of your state as soon as possible and advise as
promptly.

Sincerely,

Arnold Kruckman

Secretary-Treasurer
League of the Southwest.

After listening to this communication a resolution was passed upon motion of Commissioner
Martin seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, appointing Charles P. Squires as the official
representative of the City of Las Vegas, at the meeting held by the League of the Southwest with
Secretary of Commerce Hoover. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens, Martin, and His Honor the
Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license

in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Martin. There-