merits of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June in each year thereafter. Failure
to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the
unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid prin-
cipal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum,
until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount
of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon
be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had
not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment,
may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the
next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of
Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark
County, acting Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to
enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special column for
special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio
City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and
directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and
County taxes are collected, except as herein sepcifically provided.

SECTION 3. Section 21 of Emergency Ordinance No. 489 is hereby amended to read as

follows:

That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Veg-
as, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately
following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the se-
cond publication hereof.

SECTION 4. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 5. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordi-
nance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect,
impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its
operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held un-
constitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence,
clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances, shall not affect or prejudice
in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other, instances,

SECTION 6. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is
necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared
that an emergency exists, and this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the
public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its final reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately follow-
ing the second publication thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 27th day of June, 19

Baker

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

MAYOR

s/ Shirley Ballinger
CITY CLERK

Commissioner Whipple then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye”:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay”:	None

Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett

Commissioner Peccole

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Whipple, that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting, be, and the same are hereby, suspended for the purpose of permitting
the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the ruled, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those voting ”Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett

 Commissioner Peccole

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.