475

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that this matter be held in abeyance
until October 3, 1949.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AMENDMENT TO	This being the time set for hearing on a proposed amendment to	the Master Plan	of

MASTER PLAN	the City of Las Vegas, the following petition for rezoning was	considered:

Public Hearing

Rezoning of properties fronting on the north side of Bonanza Road from
	"H" Street to the center section line of Section 28, T., 20 S., R.6l E.

	from "RE" to "G2" to a depth of 150 feet; the remainder of the proposed

	rezoning is a change from "RE" to "Rl".

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest the rezoning of
the above mentioned properties.

There being no objections to this rezoning, Commissioner bunker moved that the
recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission dated September 1, 1949, relative
to the rezoning of properties fronting on the north side of Bonanza Road from "H"

	Street to the center section line of Section 28, T., 20 S., R.	61 E. from "RE"	to

	"C2" to a depth of 150 feet and the remainder to "Rl" be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION - Rent At this time the following resolution was presented to the Board for their consid-
Decontrol	eration:

RESOLUTION NO. 155

155

	RESOLUTION OF THE CITY COUNCIL OF THE CITY

	OF LAS VEGAS RELATING TO RENT CONTROL

WHEREAS, the attached petition to decontrol rents in the City of Las Vegas was
filed with the City Council of this City on the 5th day of August, 1949; and,

WHEREAS, such petition, on its face, recited facts sufficient to require the City
Council of the city of Las Vegas to call a public hearing to consider decontrolling
rents; and,

WHEREAS, the attached notice of the date, time, place and purpose of such public
hearing was published three (3) times in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a
newspaper of general circulation published and circulated in the City of Las Vegas
on the 12th, 19th, and 22nd days of August, 1949; and,

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas held a public hearing at the time, date, and place
	for the purpose set forth in such notice of publication; and,

	WHEREAS, at such public hearing all interested persons were given a reasonable

opportunity to be heard, with the right to be represented by counsel; and,

WHEREAS, a transcript of the record of such public hearing (and the exhibits
attached thereto) comprise the entire record upon which this finding and resolution
are based and a certified copy of such record is attached hereto; and,

WHEREAS, the City Council of the City of Las Vegas, having duly considered all of
the evidence presented at such hearing and taken the same under advisement; now,
therefore,

THE CITY COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS does hereby find and resolve as follows:
That there do longer exists in the City of Las Vegas such a shortage of rental
housing accommodations as to require rent control in such city.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted ana
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Further that a certified copy
of this resolution be sent immediately to Governor Pittman.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALE OF CITY LAND	Commissioner Peccole	moved that the proper notice requesting	bids for the purchase

	of land owned by the	City located on the Los Angeles Highway	be published; said

	bids to be opened on	October 21, 1949 at 3:00 P.M.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



SEWAGE TREATMENT	Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the

PLANT CONSTRUCTION City Attorney that the Performance Bond and the Labor and Material Bond posted by
BONDS & AGREEMENT Hoagland-Findley Engineering Co., successful bidders for the construction of the	 

		Sewage Treatment Plant Unit No. 1, be accepted. Further that the City Attorney be

		Instructed to check the agreement with Hoagland-Findley Engineering Co., and if in

order the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI APPLICATION Commissioner Peccole moved that the application of C. E. Pringle for a taxicab	

C. E. Pringle license be referred to the Police Department for investigation and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner "hippie ana carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.