

Las Vegas to issue bonds of the said City of Las Vegas for the total amount

of not to exceed §50,000.00. The City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

hereby agrees that before issuing all or any portion of the said bonds	

or incurring any indebtedness hereunder, the question of the issuance of

said bonds shall be submitted to a vote of the qualified electors of said
City of Las Vegas, either at the next general election or at a special
election to be held as set forth in Section 3 of said Assembly Bill No. 78
( a copy being attached hereto). The City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas agree to set side in a special fund such funds as will be required
to meet the City's share of the cost of the work proposed under this re-
solution.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that such improvement work shall consist of grading,
paving and gravel surface from the Northerly City limits to the easterly
City limits of the said City of Las egas, all of which construction shall
conform with the specifications prepared by the Department of Highways and
approved by the Federal Government.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, THAT THE City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
do by this resolution agree and make available and place under the control
of the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada, such funds as shall
be annually required to properly maintain to the required Government Stand-
art. after constructing the highways and streets herein provided for.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that three copies of this resolution duly certified
by the City Clerk be forwarded to the State Highway Department of the State
of Nevada.	

The motion to adopt the foregoing resolution was duly seconded by Commissioner
Arnold , and upon roll call, the vote thereon was as follows:

YEAS: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner.

NAYS: None
ABSENT: None

WHEREUPON, the Mayor declared the resolution adopted.

Thereupon the following Resolution was presented by Commissioner Blanding:

WHEREAS this Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, did on the 4th day of April A.D. 1923 at a regular meeting adopt
a Resolution requesting the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada
to take the initial steps as are necessary for said City of Las Vegas in
securing Federal Aid towards the improvement and paving or graveling of
the surface of Main Street from the northerly city limits to Fremont
Street and of Fremont Street from Main Street to the easterly City limits,
and

WHEREAS said Department of Highways of the State of Nevada now has
a survey party in this vicinity and

WHEREAS it is the desire of this Board that the improvement above
mentioned should be began at the earliest possible date and

WHEREAS it will considerable decrease the cost of the preliminary
survey if the work be done while the above mentioned survey party is easily
available,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that the Department of Highways of the
State of Nevada be requested to make the preliminary survey for the im-
provements as set forth in the Resolution heretofore adopted as soon as
possible and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Board will make available suf-
ficient funds for the payment of the cost of said survey upon the pre-
sentation of proper claims by said Department of Highways of the State
 of Nevada and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk of this Board he and she
is hereby directed to transmit a certified copy of said Resolution to
the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada.

This Resolution was seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and adopted on the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried
that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the second day of May, A.D. 1923, at the hour of two
o'clock P.M.