175

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby called to be held in the office of the Mayor at the War Memorial
Building on Monday, December 15, 1947 at the hour of 3:30 P. M. to act
upon the following business:

1.	The appointment of a Chief of Police

2.	Carpenter Case.

E. w. Cragin__________

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to C. R. Clark, R. T. Baskin, R. T. Moore,

Reed Whipple, Commissioners; and J. M. Murphy, City Manager of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this
day issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the office of the Mayor,
at the War Memorial Building, 5th & Stewart Streets, on December 15, 1947
at the hour of 3:30 P.M. to act upon the following business:

1.	The appointment of a Chief of Police

2.	Carpenter case.

Helen Scott Reed__________

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of
Special Meeting.

E. W. Cragin	Pat Clark

Bob Baskin	Reed Whipple

Robert T. Moore	J. M. Murphy

Meeting called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W.
Cragin with the follow ng members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple; City Manager J. M. Murphy; City Clerk Helen Scott Reed
and City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

CHIEF OF POLICE Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendation of the City Manager that
APPOINTED 	Mr.	Robert Francis Malburg be appointed Chief of Police of the City	of

	Las	Vegas effective as of this date, at a salary of $400 per month,	be

approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

CARPENTER CASE	Commissioner Moore moved that the matter of the Carpenter case, now	ready

	for	trial in the District Court, be referred to the City Manager to	see	if

it cannot be worked out in compliance with law, in an amicable manner.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the
meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:

City Clerk	 Mayor

APPROVED:

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
December 22, 1947

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held in the Commissioners Council Chamber in the War
Memorial Building at 2:00 o'clock p.m., on Monday the 22nd day of December,
1947, there were present:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore

Commissioner	C. R. Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Also present: City Clerk	Helen Scott Reed

Absent:	None

The meeting was called to order by the Mayor. Thereupon the following
proceedings, among others, were had and taken, to-wit:

Commissioner Clark introduced the following ordinance in writing, which
was read in its entirety, and moved its adoption: