232

City departments concerned.

It is further recommended that the owner of this subdivision shall con-
currently, with the approval of the final subdivision map by the
Board of City Commissioners, enter into an agreement with the City,
agreeing to complete improvements designated. If the designated
improvements have not been completed within an agreed period of
time, an extension may be authorized at the discretion of the Board,
or the Board shall cause such improvements to be completed in
accordance with the terms of the aforesaid agreement. Such agree-
ment should be secured by a good and sufficient performance bond
or other negotiable guarantee, in an amount not in excess of the	

cost of the improvement and approved by the Board of City Com-
missioners. Any application for the release of any such bond or
guarantee shall be accompanied by a certificate by the City Engineer,
stating that all required improvements have been satisfactorily
completed in accordance with the terms of said agreement and no
such bond or guarantee should be released or returned until such
certificate shall first have been filed with the Board of City
Commissioners.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of

the Planning Commission relative to the tentative map of Westwood	

Park be approved provided sidewalk be installed throughout the

tract. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SUBDIVISIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Planning

MORNINGSIDE PARK	Commission relative to the tentative map of Morningside Park, dated

TENTATIVE MAP	April 21, 1948 and on file in the office of the City Clerk, be

	approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore, and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SUBDIVISIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Planning

VEGA VERDE TRACT	Commission, dated March 19, 1948, relative to the approval of the

NO. 3-Tentative Map	tentative map of Vega Verde Tract No. 3, which is on file in the

	office of the City Clerk, be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore,

*	Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

BIDS: INTERNATIONAL	Bids having heretofore been let for the purchase of two international

DUMP TRUCKS	dump trucks and only one quotation was received from Clark County

	Wholesale Mercantile Co., Inc., which is as follows:

Two model KB-6 2 ton 146" WB Chassis & Cab, 8.25x20 10 ply
tires on Bud Wheels 5 speed direct in 5th transmission
DeLuxe Oil Filter

Increased capacity cooling system increased capacity brakes
3 yd. 9 ft. by 6 ft. heavy duty dump body model Fl-cs Gar Wood
Cam and roller hydraulic hoist

Price of these units f.o.b. Las Vegas is $3,199.00.

Thereafter, Commissioner Moore moved that the city manager be
authorized to purchase two dump trucks as per the foregoing bid,
at a price of $3199.00 each. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Chief of Police,

Edward G. Glass	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Edward G. Glass

for a retail tavern liquor license at the Turf Saloon, 203 North
	1st Street be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

APPLICATION -	Pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the Chief of Police,

James M. D'Kane	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of James M. O'Kane

Detective agency	for a detective agency license at 727 S. 5th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PROPOSED	ORDINANCE	Commissioner Clark moved that	the City Attorney be	instructed to

CURFEW	prepare a tentative ordinance	governing curfew and	that the ordinance

	be drawn along the same lines	as one to be written	by the district

attorney. Motion seconded by	Commissioner Whipple	and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PUBLIC FACILITIES	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner

EASEMENT	Whipple and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is

	adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of April, 1948, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 22nd day of April, 1948, executed
by Jules C. Benbow and Frank Gusewelle to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESoLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached