Commissioner Tinch moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed to have the shovel
repaired at an approximate cost of $50. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.

Noes, none. Passed, Commissioner Smith.





Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for 1 9 x 20 tire for the water truck, 4



blades for the grader, 200 sacks of cement and 500 tons of oil bound gravel bids to be
returned by March 16th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be allowed to hire two men in



the Street Department at $5.50 a day, names to be submitted at the next meeting, Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the sum of $140.88 be expended for parts for the
motor grader as per itemized list supplied by Caterpillar Company. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

The clerk was instructed to write a letter to Dr. Newman instructing him to in-
vestigate and correct unsanitary conditions existing in Woodland Addition.

The Clerk was instructed to write to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company offering
them $300 an acre for the 10 acres adjoining the present cemetery on the east.

At the hour of 11:45 P.M., Commissioner Tinch moved that we recess until 10:05
A.M., March 5th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes,
none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MARCH 5, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada held this 5th day of March, 1942.



Meeting called to order by Mayor pro tem Clark at the hour of 12:05 A. M., with the following members present:
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and Mayor Pro Tem Clark. City Attorney, Paul
Ralli, City Purchasing agent, Roy Whipple and city clerk, Helen Scott.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a purchase order be issued and the bill be allowed
for $14.16 for office supplies for the police department. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and
the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for radio supplies for the police department
as per list on file with purchasing agent. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for purchase of radio receiving set.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners