Precinct No.	Location

58a	Red Rock School	Library

58b	Red Rock School	Library

59	Pioneer Radio & TV, 2224 E. Charleston

60a	Kit Carson	School, 1800 Block D Street

60b	Kit Carson	School, 1800 Block D Street

61	Village Cleaners, Twin Lakes Shopping Center

62	Village Cleaners, Twin Lakes Shopping Center

63	West Charleston	School, 2821 Palomino

64	John C. Fremont	School

65	Carpenters Hall, 2035 E. Charleston

66	Bishop	Oorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

67	Bishop	Oorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

68	Bishop	Gorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

69	Twin Lakes	School - Riverside Drive

70	St. Viator	Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

71	St. Viator	Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

72	Red Rock	School	Library

73	Red Rock	School	Library

74	Red Rock	School	Library

75	Red Rock	School	Library

DATED this 28th day of February, 1957

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Louis Maynord, Superintendent of Maintenance be granted
a salary increase from $500.00 to $565.00 per month, effective February 16, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Howard Richcreek be removed from Civil Service and appointed
as Deputy Comptroller with his salary set at $330.00 per month effective March 1, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the money deposited with the City by the
applicants for the liquor and gaming licenses for the El Morocco Club was still on file.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this application had never been acted upon and since the time the
application was made the property has been sold.

Commissioner Whipple moved a refund of $1832.50 to the El Morocco Club be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Discussion was held on Ordinance No. 610 Electrical Code and the provision that requires
journeymen electricians to renew their certificates annualy. The Commission requested the
City Attorney to prepare an amendment to this ordinance eliminating the requirements of
annually renewing said certificates.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Commissioners Bunker and Whipple be reappointed as members
of the County Fair and Recreation Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the contract for towing service.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

The Commission reconsidered a letter from the Clark County School District requesting
authorization from the City granting permission to North Las Vegas to allow the School
District to hook an elementary school on the North Las Vegas Sewer System.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that when this request was considered at the
last regular meeting he was not aware of the fact that this property was not located with-
in the boundaries of the City of North Las Vegas. He stated that permission would have
to be granted by the City of Las Vegas if this connection is to be made.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to write a letter to the Clark County
School District authorizing this sewer connection.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Acting City Manager Gates presented an assignment of the Subdivision Agreement on Paradise
Plaza from Robert Lookabaugh to Richard Toleno. Mr. Gates advised the Commission that Mr.
Toleno had contacted his bonding company and a performance bond in the amount of $1500.00
was being prepared.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the assignment of the Subdivision
Agreement on Paradise Plaza from Robert Lookabaugh to Richard Toleno subject to the condi-
tion that a performance bond in the amount of $1500.00 be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City underwrite the expenses of City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
to attend the Civil Aeronautics Board Hearing in Washington, D. C. on March 11, 1937.

SALARY INCREASE

DEPUTY COMPTROLLER

LICENSE APPLICATION
REFUND

ELECTRICAL CODE
ORDINANCE

COUNTY FIAR & RECREATION
BOARD

Appointment of Members
TOWING CONTRACT

CLARK COUNTY SCHOOL
DISTRICT
Sewer Connection

PARADISE PLAZA

CIVIL AERONAUTICS
BOARD HEARING