472

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1847—03 to Carl F.

Amante, Nevada Biltmore Hotel in the total amount of $615.00 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1849 in the total
 amount of $155.70 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried by the following vote: Commissions
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING -	This being the time for opening bids on the sale of Machinery and stock heretofore

Machinery & Stock purchased by the City from the City Iron Works, bids were received from the following

firms:

	Century Machine Company	Los Angeles, California

Nevada Iron & Metal, Limited	Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas Machine & Engineering	Las Vegas, Nevada

Sig Winderbaum	Los	Angeles, California

A1 Heller machinery 	Company	Los	Angeles, California

Pete Green	Las	Vegas, Nevada

Greer Machinery	Bell, California

Pacific Machinery Company	Los	Angeles, California

Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RECESS	Commissioner Moore moved that this meeting recess.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RECONVENED	His Honor called this meeting to order at the hour of 5:15 P.M. with all members

	present as of the opening session.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Peccole moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1845 in the total sum
WARRANT *	of $270.00 be approved and the mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting Commissioner
Peccole moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor	

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 22, 1949

	A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 22nd day of September, 1949

	was called to order at the hour of 3:50 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the

following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City attorney
Howard W. Cannon, Acting City Manager George 0. Treem and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

PAYROLL WARRANTS Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1075 to 1078 inclusive in the

net sum of $26,945.33 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Moore moved that the Minutes	of September 7	(Special Meeting), 12 and	

	15, 1949 be approved by reference and the	Mayor and City	Clerk authorized to	sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RENT DECONTROL	Commissioner	Moore moved that the Board of Commissioners recommend to Governor Vail

Pittman that	he take the necessary steps to decontrol rent in the Las Vegas are.

	Further that	a copy of the transcript of the Public Hearing held August 23, 1949, on	

	this matter,	together with supporting evidence be forwarded to Governor Pittman for	

his consideration.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUPPLEMENTAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that the supplemental payroll	Payroll Warrant No.	1079

PAYROLL	of the Fire Department in the total gross	sum of $265.00	be approved and the	Mayor

and City clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.