321

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 10, 1948

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, CITY CLERK

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
 to be held in the Office of the Mayor at the War Memorial Building on the 10th of November,
1948 at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Emergency Ordinance - $350,000.00 Bond Issue

2.	Payment to State on Charleston Underpass Contract

3.	Bid No. 48.19 - Four pickups and one Business coupe
Chapman Proposal

5. Petrie Expense Account

6.	Resolution authorizing Morley Griswold Esq., Reno, Nevada to appear before
CAA Board on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

7.	Representation at Nevada Tax Commission meeting

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to C. R. Clark, R. T. Moore, R. T. Baskin, Reed Whipple,
Commissioners; and J. M. Murphy, City Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, will be held in the Office of the Mayor, at the War Memorial Building, 5th &
Stewart Streets, on November 10, 1948 at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the follow-
ing matters:

1.	Emergency Ordinance - $350,000.00 Bond Issue

2.	Payment to State on Charleston Underpass Contract

3.	Bid No. 1:8.19 - Four pickups and One Business coupe
4. Chapman Proposal

5. Petrie Expense Account

6.	Resolution authorizing Morley Griswold Esq., Reno, Nevada to appear before
CAA Board on behalf of the City of Las Vegas

7.	Representation at Nevada Tax Commission meeting

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk 

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersighed, Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada,	do hereby admit due service of the foregoing	Notice of Special Meeting:

/s/	E. W. Cragin	/s/	Reed Whipple

/s/	Bob Baskin	/s/	Pat Clark

/s/	Robert T. Moore	/s/	J. M. Murphy

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada met in special session pur-
suant to due legal notice and call at the regular meeting place of said Board in Las
Vegas, Nevada on the 10th day of November, 1948, at the hour of 3:00 o'clock P. M.

The following members of the Board of Commissioners were present:

E. W. Cragin	Mayor

R. T. Baskin	Commissioner

C. R. Clark	Commissioner

Robert T. Moore	Commissioner

Reed Whipple	Commissioner

Also present:

Shirley Ballinger	City Clerk

Absent:	None

The meeting was called to order by the Mayor. Thereupon, the following proceedings,
among others, were had and taken, to—wit:

Commissioner Clark introduced in writing an emergency ordinance entitled:	"An ordinance

NO. 376	relating to the authorization and issuance of the City of Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Bonds,

Adopted	Series of May 1, 1948 in the aggregate principal amount of $350,000.00 and amending and

	supplementing Emergency Ordinance No. 353 adopted the 23rd of April, 1948" and moved its

adoption. Commissioner Baskin seconded the motion.

Thereupon, by unanimous consent of the entire Board of Commissioners of the City of Las