NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, and
State of Nevada, does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by install-
ing along that certain street hereinafter described a complete street lighting system, to create a
special assessment district therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special
assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and pro-
perty specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district. 

Section 2. That the .Board proposes to improve said street by constructing thereon Street
lighting facilities which include concrete bases, steel standards, mercury vapor luminaires and
single overhead wire and series lighting system, together with such appurtenances as may be required,
as more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved
now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the certain street which the Board proposes so to have improved, is the
following:	

All of South Main Street from its intersection with South Fifth Street to its junction
with the south property line of Carson Avenue.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be des-
ignated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-7, and it shall include all the lots, premises
and property, to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street.

 Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and lo-
cality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for
public inspection and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said
City on Wednesday the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock,P.M., to hear and consi-
der any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements,
or any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating
thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7; That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, dia-
       grams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the loca-
tion of the improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and
consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improve-
ments. Said notice shall be given by publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen
insertions therein, and at least fifteen days prior to said meeting by posting said notices in at least
three public places in each ward and also by posting said notice in or near said post office of said
City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of said proposed work. Said notice
shall be in substantially the following form:

       NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO INSTALL A COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING SYSTEM, TO CREATE STREET
IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-7, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND
OF THE HEARING THEREON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination
to make certain public improvements by installing along that certain street hereinafter described a
complete street lighting system composed of concrete bases, steel standards, mercury vapor luminaires,
single overhead wire, and series, lighting system together with such appurtenances as may be required,
to create a special assessment district designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-7
therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to
frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such
improvements and included within said district.

The street so proposed to be improved is:

All of South Main Street from its intersection with South Fifth Street to its junction
with the south property line of Carson Avenue.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-7 shall include all the lots, premises and
property to,the full depth of such fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of
the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file
for public inspection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all
persons interested are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth
Streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November, 1950, at 3:30 o'clock, P.M.,
to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the
proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements,
or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time
prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed shall
file written objections thereto, such work shall be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October, 1950.

City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more, sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or in-
validate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the
specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in
any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of
this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 10, That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inade-
quate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary
immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency