BE IT RESOLVED that the City Clerk on behalf of the City notify P. A. Simon by letter
that upon the acquisition by the City of a section of land, which, in the judgment of said
City will be suitable for an airport, that said City is willing to enter into an agreement
in the form of a Draft of Lease now on file in the office of the City Clerk, a copy of which shall
be attached to such letter, and that such proposition is subject to acceptance within twenty
days from the date hereof, which is February 20, 1929.

Vote on the foregoing resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes, none.

Thereafter, no further business appearing, this meeting was recessed until Thursday,

February 21st, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 21st, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of February, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on construction of oil bound gravel
pavement and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas,
in accordance with Ordinance No. 131, the Clerk was directed to open such bids as were
presented to him by the engineer for the city. The only bid having been received by said
engineer for the city was that of Roche-Axman Company of 1625 North Alvarado, Los Angeles,
California. Said bid was duly opened by the Clerk in the presence of the board; The
total of bid as required by item X of said proposal sheet being $79,280.15.

After due consideration this bid was laid over until Monday the 25th day of February,
1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M., for acceptance or rejection.

No further business appearing at this time, the meeting was recessed until Monday,
the 25th day of February, 1929, at the hour of 7:50 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 25th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 25th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and
Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the question of bid presented by Roche-Axman Company of 1625 North
Alvarado, Los Angeles, California, again came before the board, this matter of construction
of oil bound gravel pavement and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain streets in the
City of Las Vegas having been laid over until this time for either acceptance or re-
jection.

This question was discussed at great length, and was, after due consideration,
laid over for final disposition until Monday evening, March 4th, at the hour of 7:30
o'clock P. M., pending an investigation by the City Engineer for presentation to the
Board at this date relative to credentials and reliability of said Roche-Axman Company.

Thereafter, no further business appearing, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded
by Commissioner Neagle, this meeting was recessed until Wednesday evening, February 27th,
1929, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.