Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by he following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

The request of the Mecham Construction Co. for extension of the driveways of the Texaco
Service Station at Main and Carson was considered at this time.

Franklin Bills explained that it was requested that the driveway on Carson nearest Main
Street be extended eleven feet, allowing a total curb opening of forty-seven (47) feet
to provide a forty-three (43) foot driveway. Mr. Bills informed the Commission that
the Traffic and Parking Commission had approved this application subject to the following
conditions:

1.	Closing the easterly fourteen (14) feet of the existing eastern
driveway on Carson Street.

2.	Closing the westerly five feet of the existing westerly driveway on
Carson Street and extending the western drive on Carson Street
easterly a total of sixteen (16) feet, making the total driveway
forty-seven (47) feet.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mecham Construction Company for extension of
the driveway for the Texaco Service Station at Main and Carson be approved in accordance
with the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time for the opening of Bid No. 56.52 for the furnishing and installing
of five gas heaters at the City Barns, bids were opened from the following firms:

RUPPERT PLUMBING CO	$2498.00

J. M. HITTER	2300.00

BROWN AND FOUTZ	2308.65

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bids received on Bid No. 56.52 be referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer Wade presented a petition of property owners to widen F Street between
Jackson & Van Buren from 36' to 50' on a cash payment basis to the Contractor. Mr. Wade
informed the Commission that when the original public hearings were held on Assessment
District No. 100-36 it was determined that the width should be 36' because of the assessed
valuation in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the petition of property owners to widen F Street between
Jackson and Van Buren be approved on the addition that the property owners enter into
a contract directly with the contractor for payment of the price thereof and that the
City be held harmless both as to contract price and as to liability that the contract be
approved by the City Attorney and a time limit be established by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the easement for storm drains from A Street easterly to the
UPRR tracks.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the easement for storm drains from A Street easterly to the UPRR tracks from
Leslie Stewart, Sr. as Administrator of the Estate of Helen J. Stewart, is accepted and
the City Clerk instructed to draw the standard resolution accepting the easement which
is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the easement recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of November, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Easement dated the 16th
day of October, 1956, executed by Leslie Stewart Sr., Administrator of the Estate of
Helen J. Stewart, as shown on Doc# 91498 in Book 111 of Official Records, recorded
October 18, 1956, Clark County Records. To the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said easement, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

(FOR:	STORM DRAINS (WESTSIDE) )

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the deed from Lawrence Linck for reservation interest for Pinto Lane is accepted
and the City Clerk instructed to draw the standard resolution accepting the deed which
is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of November, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 19th day of
October, 1956, executed by Lawrence J. Linck and Pauline Linck, husband and wife. To the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

(FOR:	PINTO LANE )

11-7-56

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Texaco Service Station

BID NO. 56.52
Gas Heaters

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36

Widening of F Street
EASEMENT -

A Street Storm Drain
DEED - Pinto Lane

