voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

LICENSING OF PUNCH          The Board instructed the City Clerk to enforce Chapter 13, Section 11, of the Las Vegas
BOARDS	Code which reads "all games not specifically mentioned in this section shall be li-

	censed at the rate of $50.00 per quarter, payable in advance" with regard to punch

boards in operation in the City of Las Vegas.

SCOTT'S STUDIO	The City Attorney presented a report regarding Scott's Studio on North Main Street.

	He stated he did not recommend condemnation proceedings at this time. The report

was ordered filed.

MINORS	At this time, Commissioner Jarrett brought up the matter of minors being allowed

Allowed to Play Slot                    to play slot machines and beer being sold to minors in licensed establishments. After
Machines	considerable discussion, the Board instructed the Clerk to write a letter to all

Sale of Alcoholic	licensed slot machine operators and licensed liquor establishments warning them to

Beverages to	be especially vigilant in prohibiting sale of alcoholic beverages to minors and also

	in not allowing them to play the slot machines in their places of business.

LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Attorney be instructed to prepare a resolution
	 protesting the action of the Las Vegas Land and water Company in petitioning the

Public Service Commission to refuse service to any new connection after August 15th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

SALARY INCREASES	At this time, the City Manager presented the following names, recommending them for

the stated salary adjustments.

C.Y. Adams	$341	E. Leavitt	$360

F.	Allen	$360	A. Lisiewski	$305

R. Bam urn	$305	W. Lowe	$305

K. Bunker	$305	J. Merrill	$360

Chief Case	$503	C. Murry	$341

W. Christenson	$341	E. Nighswonger	$341

D.	Daniels	$305	G. Rambo	$360

R. Dietz	$305	A. Thompson	$305

A.C. Frouboes	$360.	A. Trelease	$341

J. Keyee	$305	Wm. Trelease	$341

H. Knox	$305	C.D. Williams	$360

G.	Lamb	$305

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendations of the City Manager be approved as stated,
effective August 1,1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn until August 1, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Baker.

APPROVED:



	 Mayor Pro Tem 

ATTEST:



Las Vegas, Nevada
August 1, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was
called to order at the hour of 7:50 P.M. August 1, 1951 by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker
with the following members present:	

Mayor	    C.D. Baker

Commissioners:	Wendell Bunker

Rex A. Jarrett
William Peccole
Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	C.W. Shelley

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

At this time His Honor requested the City Clerk to give all members of the Commission
the Loyalty Oath which is being required of City Employees according to Ordinance No.

464. Said Oath was given.

SCHOOL SITES	At this time Dr. Quannah S. McCall, member of the Board of Education was present to intro-

duce Walter S. Johnson, Superintendent of Schools.

Mr. Johnson presented to the Board maps of existing school property and proposed school
sites and requested the cooperation of the Beard in obtaining these locations.

The maps were placed on file and the Board indicated their willingness to cooperate
with the School Board in every possible way.

STREET NAME CHANGES        At this time residents of Biltmore Addition were present to protest the changing of the
street name signs on Bell Drive to Tiffany Lane and on Tiffany Lane to Bell Drive.