OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, Clark County,
NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. May 6-1924.

At at regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 6th day of May, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.C.
German, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, C.R. Shield, A. R. Anderson, and W. H. Elwell, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting were read and there being
no omissions or corrections, the same were ordered approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board. The following
claims, tO-wit: C.A. French for $28.00, Neal DeWitt for $2.00; Las Vegas Pharmacy for $3.25; L.L.
French for $72.00; J. F. Formaster for $7.50; Leo A. Crowley for $28.80; Reese Morgan for $53.72
were ordered laid over because they were not accompanied by requisitions or time slips.

At this time the members of the Las Vegas Bar Association appeared before the Board re-
questing the passage of an ordinance prohibiting the frequenting of gambling houses and houses of
prostitution by minors.

Whereupon, after a general discussion of the matter an order was made, upon motion of
Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, directing the City Attorney to draw on
amendment ordinance No. 29 creating a penalty for proprietors who violate said ordinance No.

29. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
Aye. Noes, none.

Leo A. McNamee appeared before the Board in behalf of the Majestic Theatre requesting
that license fees for traveling shows be increased.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 106 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of
second street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Block Nos. 9,10,11,12,13
14 and 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by special
assessment." Whereupon, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Shield, that said ordinance be passed and adopted. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf,

Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing that this is the time set for opening bids for the construction of a ce-
ment, concrete sidewalk, and it appearing to the Board that the Notice Inviting Bids has been
adequately advertised, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Com-
missioner Anderson, that the time for submitting bids be extended until the 20th day of May, 1924,
at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m., and that the Notice Inviting Bids be readvertised.

Voting Commissioners, Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon an order was made, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, directing that the vault door in the Library Building which can no longer be
used by the City, be sold to Mr. E.W. Griffith for the sum of $50.00. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, 

Shield, Anderson, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the
Board adjourn until the 20th day of May, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting
Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.

Noes, none.