

Office of the City Clerk, City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

August 1st, 1935,

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 1st day of August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Farnsworth, Down and Ward,
Deputy City Attorney	Ham and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble, and City Attorney Taylor by leave.

This being the time set by the Board of Commissioners for the consideration of the
securing of a blanket insurance for the City of Las Vegas and a number of insurance agents being
present to present to the Board the rates and various coverages of their respective companies
the Board entered into a general discussion as to the securing of the insurance policy.

No definite action was taken at this time and the Board set the night of August 15th as the
time for again considering the matter.

A number of interested property owners were present and ask the Board to take under
consideration the improving of a number of streets in the City with oil bound gravel paving,
curb and gutter.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to file an application to the
United States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan
and grant to aid in financing the construction of curb, gutter and street paving improve-
ment and designating the City Engineer, City Attorney and City Clerk to furnish such infor-
mation as the Government may request

Be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas Nevada:

Section I. That L.L. Arnett, Mayor, be and he is hereby authorized to execute and file
an application on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to the United States of America for
a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction of curb, gutter and street paving im-
provements.

Section 2. That the City Engineer, City Attorney and City Clerk be and they are hereby
authorized and directed to furnish such information as the United State of America through the
Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works may reasonably request in connection with the
application which is herein authorized and filed.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The amount to be applied for in making the above mentioned application was next brought
before the Board for consideration and Mayor L.L. Arnett subjested the sum of $50,000.00 as being
adequate for the cost of said improvement, therefore upon motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded
by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the City of Las Vegas make application
to the Federal government for $50,000.00 to cover street improvements in the City.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Patrick Cline presented to the Board puts of a Pomona pump suitable for installation at
Woodlawn Cemetery to help care for the water situation there. C.D. Baker, City Engineer was
requested to check the plans and make report to the Board at this next regular meeting August
5th, 1935.

Scout Master Leslie Edwards appeared before the Board and ask if some provision for
public rest rooms at the City Park near the Scout Cabins and the ball diamond. No definite
action was taken at this time, although the matter was given serious consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that J.D. Watters be granted six slot machine licenses and L.L. Arnett one. Applications being
in prooer form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

C.D. Baker, City Engineer brought before the Board the necessity of the City having permeant
 maps of the sewer laters and various street improvements in the City.

Upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that Mr. Baker, have the permanent maps prepared for the City and that same be filed in the office
of the City Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.