Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

URBAN RENEWAL	Franklin Bills, Coordinator of Urban Renewal, asked the Mayor and Commissioners to

Code Assistance	read the report which had been given to each of them outlining the Code Assistance

Program	Program for preventing the spread of blight neighborhoods.

Mr. Bills continued that he had tried to point out in this report ways in which
each property owner by helping himself on his own property could help everybody to keep
Resolution	their property value stable. He added that it would make little sense to spend the

Adopted	taxpayers money in slum clearance programs, if at the same time, all steps were not

taken to keep other areas from slipping down-hill. This would entail a program that
will take years if it is to be equitable and legal as well as practical so that
everyone would be treated alike.

For this reason Mr. Bills requested the adoption of a resolution establishing the
priority areas for scheduled inspection and enforcement of building and safety codes
and rezoning ordinance; said resolution would adopt by reference a map outlining and
describing various areas with more critical districts given higher priorities.

Mr. Bills explained it was proposed to transfer someone from the Building Department
to do this work for the Planning Department. Whenever an inspection uncovered a 
non-compliance with any City Code which presented a fire hazard or menace to life, health
and property, remedial measures would be required within a reasonably short time; in
regard to minor violations which tend to have a down-grading effect on property over
a period of time and present no immediate menace, the property owner would be notified
and the deficiency recorded against the property in the County Recorder's Office. This
would require an ordinance change as the City did not have the authority to record
such notices.

Commissioner Whipple was of the opinion the property owners should be given ample time
to bring the structure tp to code and Mr. Bills assured him that reasonable consideration 
would be exercised in all instances. City Attorney Cory advised the time limit
would be set out in the ordinance and the resolution would express the desire of the
Commission for such a Code Assistance Program.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

A RESOLUTION ADOPTING AND DESIGNATING
THE PRIORITY FOR PROPERTY INSPECTIONS IN
A CODE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM DESIGNED AS A
PART OF A TOTAL URBAN RENEWAL PROGRAM TO
COMBAT BLIGHT AND BLIGHTING CONDITIONS

IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS____________

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has undertaken a program of Urban Renewal; and
WHEREAS, evidence of the comprehensive nature of the City's program of Urban
Renewal is indicated by the adoption of a workable program to combat slums and blight
and blighting conditions in the City of Las Vegas which has been certified and twice
recertified by the Urban Renewal Division of the Housing and Home Finance Agency of the
United States Government; and

WHEREAS, plans to carry forth the clearance and redevelopment phase of this
program are indicated by the City of Las Vegas and by the United States Government
through the application for and approval of Planning Advance Loans to plan the clearance 
and redevelopment of the Madison School Urban Redevelopment Project; and

WHEREAS, the expenditure of public funds both local and federal, in the proposed
execution of an Urban Redevelopment Project or Projects in the City of Las Vegas
seems logical only if the Clearance and Redevelopment program is supplemented by
measures designed to prevent other areas of the city which are now standard add stable
from becoming deteriorated; and

WHEREAS, as a part of its "Workable Program" the City proposes a program of
assisting property owners to adhere to and conform to various city codes and
ordinances designed to protect the public and each individual against crime, vice,
disease, fire, and the deterioration of property and living conditions; and

WHEREAS, it appears neither logical, practical nor financially feasible for
the City of Las Vegas to retain sufficient qualified personnel to inspect every
property in the city at approximately the same time; and

WHEREAS, a more practical approach appears to require the scheduling of this
inspection and code assistance program by starting in the areas where city and other
public records indicate that obsolescence and deterioration have made the greatest
headway in order to forestall the further downgrading of properties and living
conditions, and if possible, upgrade these factors in these critical areas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas does hereby adopt by reference a certain map prepared by the Urban
Renewal Division of the Planning Department entitled "Code Assistance Program Proposed
Priorities" dated September 1, 1959, outlining and describing the boundaries of
various areas within the City of Las Vegas and establishing the priority of each
described area for a scheduled inspection of properties for conformance with the
various city codes and ordinances designed to protect the public and each individual
against the menace of crime, vice, disease, fire and property deterioration; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the map establishing these priorities shall be
reviewed periodically and revised or amended as changing conditions may indicate for
such revision or amendment.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag___________

City Clerk

9-16-59