The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward,
City Attorney, City Engineer and City Clerk.

Also present were, Mr. Adams and Mr. James of the Western Air Express, Mr. Goss and Mr.
Dayhoff, of the Transcontinental Western Air Lines, Mr. Campbell of the Department of Air
Commerce, Mr. Bond of the WAE and Mr. Mackey of the F.E.R.A.

At this time an informal and general discussion of all the various phases of a municipal
airport was discussed by the Board and the representatives present.

Mr. Adams and Mr. James of the Western Air Express was still of that opinion that their
company would not be able at this time to abandon its air port north of the City some eight
miles.

No definite action of any kind was taken at this meeting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLARK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
DECEMBER 30th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, held on the 30th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty
o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney, City Engineer and City Clerk.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion on the improving of the grounds around
the War Memorial Bldg. and the installing of a heating system in said building. This work
and improvement to be done under the Works Progress Administration. After some discussion
on the matter the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted; on motion of Com-
missioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble:

WHEREAS, There has been submitted to the City as sponsor an application by the City
to the W.P.A. for the sum of $12,985.00 for a heating plant and landscaping for the Mem-
orial Building, and

WHEREAS, it appears that the first four pages of P.W.A. form #301 of said application
has been forwarded to the regional office at Reno, Nevada, and without the signature of the
Mayor, great relay will result, and

WHEREAS, it is represented by Mr. Claude Mackey, that the said application has a pro-
vision to the effect that the City of Las Vegas is obligated to contribute to the said
project use of equipment of the rental value of $1,250.00 and no more,

NOW, THEREFORE, with such understanding it is hereby ordered and directed that the
Mayor sign the said application.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



This being the time when application for beverage, and liquor business in the City
would be considered, for the year 1936, and a number of such applications having been filed
with the Clerk the Board at once entered into the consideration of the granting of such
licenses. Said licenses to be granted for the year 1936, but licensees paying for the first quarter year.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following beverage
licenses for the year 1936 were granted:

Geo. Markisch, J.K. Housells, for Las Vegas Club, Vera Magness, Boulder Drug Co. Inc;
M.S. Pinjuv, Marjorie Ross, J.M. Sill, Leona Mason, J.R. Mc Michael, A.G.Kahre, Gay Chatterton,
A.F. Smith Jr. and Bessie Williams.

All applications were in proper form and money covering same on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down a sealed package
liquor license was granted to Geo. Markisch. Fee for said license being $50.00 which accom-
panied said application.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth a drug store liquor
license was granted the Boulder Drug Co. Inc. Fee for said license being $50.00 which ac-
companied said application.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the B.P.O. E. (Elk's Club) be granted a club liquor license. The fee of $50.00
accompanied said application.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.