the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned
if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete
the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid,
the amount of his or its deposit will be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that
event said Board of Commissioners will elect whether or not it will accept the bid of the
one making the next best bid. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the
best received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said Board of Commissioners will
determine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Special 1929
Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds," and addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
Las Vegas, Nevada. Bids will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 22nd day of

April, 1929, at  _________o'clock _____M. at the regular meeting place of said Boad in the

Board of Commissioners Room in the County Court House in said City of Las Vegas. Bidders
shall submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above
par, at which such bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest
at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the bidder
making the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all
bids and readvertise. None of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued interest,
and no discount or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this ____day of March, 1929.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Monday	the 22nd day of April , 1929, at

3 o'clock P M. be and the same is hereby fixed as the time for opening such bids, and
that the regular meeting place in the Board of Commissioners Room in the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas aforesaid be and is hereby designated as the place for the opening
of said bids at said time.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of this Board mail or cause to be mailed at least
three weeks prior to the date of said sale, a copy of said notice to the State Board of
Finance, Carson City, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby ordered and
directed to communicate with various printing establishments for the purpose of securing
prices for printing said bonds.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Friday, March 29th, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 29th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 29th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle,
and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Plats of townsites named and described below were presented to the Board and each were
considered separately, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried were approved as to
form, and the Mayor was authorized and directed to approve said plats and the Clerk to attest
the same, to-wit:

Lorenzi Lake Manor; Owners, D. G. Lorenzi and Julia Lorenzi, being the N½ of the



SW¼, Section 29, Township 20, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M.

Las Vegas Highlands, Unit No. I; owner, M. E. Frazier, being the NW¼ of Section 22,



Township 20, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M.

Las Vegas Square; owners, H. J. and Ellen Perkins, being the E½ of SE¼, Section 25,
Township 20, Range 60 East, M. D. B. & M.