Cash on Hand, January 1, 1924 --------------------------------------------------- $6 476.55

Balance Due from Second Half Taxes, 1924----------------------------------------- $7 000.00

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor and attested by
the City Clerk and the same be filed with the City Clerk and a copy thereof be published in a weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one week apart. The vote on
said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las Vegas
for the year 1924. Upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, and duly c
carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of five cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable 
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for
the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation,
said tax to be known and used as the Salary Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of twelve cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, Collected
and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt 
from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Street Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of three and one half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1924, including the the net proceeds of mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation ,said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewer Bond
Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of fifteen and one half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seven cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las V gas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Highway Bond Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT an ad valorem tax of eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from
taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Highway Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seventeen and one half cents on each one hundred



dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such proper-
ty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Light Fund. 

	Actual, 1923	Estimated, 1924
Realty	.			  $2,260,446.00	$2,260,446.00
Improvements									 	  
Personal 											44,474,00 *	 294,474.00
Totals-		.		 —	$2,304,920.00	$2,554,920.00

ASSESSED VALUATION