Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that cab-
aret licenses be issued to the Kiva Club and The Willows price of licenses $300.00 each.

Vote was Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that H.C. Westmoreland be granted a license for a cabaret at 22 Fremont St. Price of said license
$125.00

Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk
upon the following vote said license was granted, Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a family liquor store license price $50.00 and a retail beverage license, 5½%, be granted
to Al Saltan, at 111 South 1st St. Application being in proper form and money to cover the same
being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.



On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that a
a retail beverage license 5½% be granted to Ethel Raopoprt at 28 Fremont St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a wholesale beverage license be issued to the Coca Cola Bottling Works, (Underhill) and the
El Rio Distributing Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license (20%) be issued to M.S. Pinjuv, 715 Ogden Street.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.



At this time the Board discussed the matter of having several typed copies of the City
ordinances prepared after the revision of said ordinances by City Attorney Henderson.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney have several copies of said ordinances prepared. Cost of same to be about
$30.00.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The payment of sand and gravel from F.A. Munson used in street and park work was
brought before the Board for Consideration, and upon the following vote was ordered pay from the
General Fund of the City.

Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none. Motion introduced by Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 12th day of April, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 12th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 12th day of April 1934, at the Hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down, Mayor Pro Tem
German and City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

This being the time set to receive and open bids on sixteen bonds of the Las Vegas Sewerage
Bond 1931, issue and there being one bid received and it being from the First State Bank

of Las Vegas, Nevada biding par and accrued interest it was on motion of Commissioner Down seconded
by Commissioner Marble that the acceptance of said bid be laid over until the recessed regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on the 17th day of April, 1934 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and Mayor Protem
German voting aye. Noes none.

This was also the time set for the opening of the bids on pipe and fittings and meter for
a water system in the public park said bids were opened at the direction of the Mayor Pro Tem and
filed with Mr. King for tabulation.