On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the City purchase two (2) 1st grade tires and tubes.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the City allow Chief of Police Mackey the sum of $49.50 as expenses to Salt Lake City in returning
prisoners to the City of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board at this time considered the adoption of a suitable Resolution in regard to Senate
Bill No. S.2 and the following was adopted!

RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, RECUESTING THE GOVERNOR AND LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF
NEVADA TO ENDORSE SENATE BILL NO.2 IN THE UNITED STATES SENATE, INTRODUCED
BY SENATOR KEY PITTMAN.

WHEREAS, there was introduced in the Senate of the United States on the 4th day of January

A.D. 1939, Senate Bill No. 2 by Senator Key Pittman of Nevada, which is a bill authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior of the United States to convey certain land at the mouth of Las Vegas
Wash to the State of Nevada to be used for the purposes of a public park and recreational site
and other purposes, and

WHEREAS, the lands described in said Senate Bill No. 2. surround that certain inlet of Lake
Mead into which empties the Las Vegas Wash which drains the area comprising and immediately sur-
rounding the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the said inlet is a narrow arm of Lake Mead upon which there is a desirable beach for
bathing purposes and

WHEREAS the said inlet will in the future be extensively used by all of the people of said
City of Las Vegas for boating, bathing, fishing and other recreational purposes, and

WHEREAS the State of Nevada has already surveyed a road to the said proposed State Park, and
WHEREAS, the State of Nevada should develop a State Park upon lands in said Bill described
for the use and benefit of all of the people of the State of Nevada, and

WHEREAS the State of Nevada is allowed 18% of the firm horse power of electrical energy
developed at Boulder Dam for use of the State, and

WHEREAS it is highly desirable not only to the City of Las Vegas but to the entire State of
Nevada that industries be encouraged to locate in Nevada and near the source of such electrical
energy, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas is the natural place for such location by reason of its geo-
graphical position and transportation facilities, and

WHEREAS there is not a sufficient water supply from the Las Vegas artesian water basin to supply
such industries and

WHEREAS the lands described in said Senate Bill No. 2 do afford an ideal and the most natural
location for taking water from Lake Mead for such purposes, and

Whereas, the creation and maintenance of such a State Park will necessarily lift a consider-
able burden from the park service of the United States Government, and

WHEREAS, it is provided in said Senate Bill No. 2 that the lands therein described shall revert
to the United States if not used for the purposes set forth in said bill,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, that the Governor and Legislature of the State of Nevada be requested, and by the
adoption of this Resolution are solemnly and respectfully requested and urged to pass and adopt a
Resolution or Memorial to the Congress of the United States endorsing said Senate Bill No.2 and
petitioning the Congress to enact such Bill, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this Resolution be immediately forwarded to
the Governor of the State of Nevada, and that a certified copy be forwarded to each member of the
Clark County delegation in the Nevada Legislature.

Commissioner Luce proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the same was
seconded by Commissioner Krause and upon being put to vote was duly passed and adopted this 23rd
day of January A.D. 1939; by the following vote:

Voting aye; Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor.

Voting no: None.	Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Commissioner Corradetti brought to the Board the fact that Mrs. Clara Keel, had for sale one
Internation truck which could be purchased for the sum of $600.00 and that same would made a suit-
able truck for the fire department. Upon due consideration being given the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

RESOLUTION

It having been brought to the attention of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County, Nevada, that Clara Keel of 345 No Main Street in said City of Las Vegas,
is now the owner of a certain 1938 International Pick-Up Truck, which has been driven but
approximately nine Hundred (900) miles and is	in	good condition, and that the said Clara

is desirous of selling said truck to the City	of	Las Vegas for the	sum of	Six	Hundred ($600.00)

Dollars to be paid unto here on or before the	4th day of May, A.D.	1939,	and

It appearing that the City of Las Vegas	is	in need of such a	truck	for	use by the local

Fire Department and for other uses and

It appearing that certain employees of said City, as well as certain member of this Board
of City Commissioners, have inspected said truck and found it to be in good condition and that they
each do urge the purchase of the same,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that
the City of Las Vegas do purchase of and from Clara Keel of 345 No Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada,
that certain 1938 International Pick-up Truck, Motor No. HD 213-35524, Serial No 31925. Type D-2
for and at the agreed price of Six Hundred ($600.00) Dollars, to be paid unto the said Clara Keel
on or before the 4th day of May, A.D,. 1939.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be, and they are authorized, empowered
and directed to draw a warrant upon the funds of said City in the said sum of Six Hundred ($600.00)
Dollars, and in favor of said Clara Keel, on or before the 4th day of May, A.D., 1939, and that
when such warrant is drawn and delivered unto the said Clara Keel, it shall be in full payment
of and for the purchase of said truck.