OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 18th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, held on the 18th day of June 1931.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German,
Mundy, Hansell and Thomas, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of June 4th read and approved as read.

Bills ordered paid.

A petition was read to the Board of Commissioners from Mrs. Cora Nobblitt asking for
permission to use 12th Street in Fairview Addition to install water mains.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
City Attorney prepare a form of permit, and submit same to the Board of Commissioners for its
approval, and that the same be executed on behalf of the City, and signed by J.P. King, Supt.
of streets; vote on said motion was a follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and
Mundy and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A letter from the electrical workers in the City was next brought before the Board for
consideration. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried it was moved that petition for change
of electrical ordinance be referred to the City Attorney for his opinion on the legality of
proposed amendments. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas,
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Mundy recommended that Robert Shirley be given a new electrical exanim-
ation, and to use the same number of questions, but questions answered by the National electrical
Code.

The following petition was next presented to the Board for consideration:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

June 10, 1931.

To the Honorable

Board of City Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The undersigned, citizens and taxpayers of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby petition
your honorable Board to appoint Mr. Henry Blacknall, a citizen of this city, to the position
of police officer of the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Blacknall was for six years a Deputy United States Marshall, and three years a
peace officer, and is well qualified for the position.

Said petition was then signed by a number of citizens.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hanselll seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
said above mentioned petition be referred to Commissioner German, Police and Fire Commissioner.
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy, Hansell, and His Honor- the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner German not voting.



Attorney Leo Mc Namee appeared before the Board at this time and ask that the water from
the City well to the west of the City be used for irregation purposes for the Taylor and
Williams ranches.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the use of the water from said City well be given to the above mentioned ranches, and
that a form of agreement be drawn up and that the City be protected from operating a public
utility.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy, Hansell and Ger-
man and His Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Commissioner German was directed to check the fire plugs in the City of Las Vegas,
and order the necessary parts to repair said plugs.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, regulating travel
and traffic upon the public street; establishing a central traffic district; and providing
a penalty for the breach of any of the rules or regulations regarding traffic in this or-
dinance provided, and repealing ordinances Nos. 66-68-69-90-94-120-124-125-127-141 and 143
of the City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith,"
was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

ON motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German the following Re-
solution, was duly adopted:

Resolved, that on and after June 22nd, 1931 that the gas and oil used in City cars
in any department of the City be decured from the pump being installed at the City Street
Department quarters at 6th and Linden Streets, and a record to be kept of all gas used.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the various departments of the City advertise for bids for prices on standard tires and tubes
to be used on City cars and trucks.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, German, and
Lundy and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes none.