31

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendations of the
the planning Board relative to 14th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote- Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASES The following recommendations were received from the Planning
Nos. 27 & 28 		Commission relative to Zone Exception Cases Nos. 27 & 28.

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

March 21,1947

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #27

B. Mahlon Brown

East 1/2 Block 22, East 1/2 Block 24
less lots 29,30,32,

Pioneer Heights Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board adopt
an order approving the recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission
that the above petitioner be granted permission to use the property
indicated above for MULTIPLE DWELLING USE as described below. Such
property is located on South Eleventh Street, approximately one block
north of Charleston Boulevard and adjacent to Block 21, Pioneer
Heights Addition, previously excepted for similar use, all in Residence
Zone #1, as legally described in the petition for exception, a copy
of which is on file in the Office of the Planning Commission. This
property is included in an area which is being redistricted as a
limited Multiple Dwelling District under the Land Use Plan.

It is further recommended that your order include the fol-
lowing provisions:

1.	USE

That the property described be used only for residential
dwellings subject to the limitations hereinafter specifically
set forth.

2.	COVERAGE

The maximum coverage permitted under this use shall not ex-
ceed four dwelling units (one-family) each per lot as platted.

3.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT

The maximum building height shall be two stories.

4.	YARDS REQUIRED

A.	No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20) feet
to the front property line of any lot fronting on Eleventh
Street.

B.	There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of
not less than ten percent of the width of the lot.

C.	There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet
in depth.

5.	DWELLING GROUPS

In the event dwelling groups are to be erected, plot plan
shall first be submitted to the Planning Commission for
compliance with regulations for such use permitted in such
property.

6.	PROVISIONS FOR STORAGE OF AUTOMOBILE

There shall be provided at the time of the construction of any
dwelling units hereafter erected, minimum permanently maintain-
ed off-street parking accomodations, with adequate provisions
for ingress and egress as follows:	There shall be provided

private automobile storage space, located on the same lot or
parcel of land, with a capacity for not less than one car for
each dwelling unit.

7.	BUILDING AND PLOT PLANS

Building and plot plans to be checked by Office of the Plan-
ning Commission for compliance with above conditions.

This petition involving property legally described therein and
classified in Residence Zone #1 was presented to and reviewed by
members of the Joint Planning Commission on March 20, 1947. After