WHEREAS, Robert T. "Bob" Moore has contributed much time and
effort to the development, management and improvement of the City of
Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, Robert T. "Bob" Moore during his service as a City
Commissioner participated in many worthwhile projects and reforms that
insured-the progress and development of the said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, Robert T. "Bob" Moore by faithfully performing his
duties, has assured the progress and growth of the City of Las Vegas,
and the health and welfare of its citizens has been improved by his
effective effort.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof, held on
the 29th day of May, 1951, at said City, by this resolution, express its
gratitude and appreciation to Robert T. "Bob" Moore for his efforts in
obtaining, these results, and thereby insuring to the citizens of Las Vegas,
Nevada, the future growth and development of the said City, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she hereby
is directed to spread a copy of this resolution on the minutes of the
books of the said City, and

BE IT ALSO FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is
hereby directed to send a copy of this resolution to the Honorable Robert
T. "Bob" Moore,

s/_C.D._Baker__________

Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and Whipple voting aye; noes,

none. Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Moore passed their votes.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Moore moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none,

ATTEST:		APPROVED:





* * * * *

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 6, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held this 6th day of June, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P,M,
by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor C. D. Baker
Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
City Manager C. W, Shelley
City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

His Honor Mayor Baker read a memorandum on his proposals for his term
of office,

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1203 to 1205 inclusive

	in the total amount of $26,467,33 be approved and the Mayor and City

Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none,

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Peccole moved that Service and Material Warrant s Nos. 2116

WARRANTS	to 2121 inclusive in the total amount of $34,720.33 be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.