PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation
Bonneville Ave.

USE PERMIT
Pardee-Phillips
Construction Co.

USE PERMIT

Southern Nevada
Power Company
U-5-55

USE PERMIT

Culinary Workers

u-6-55

This being the time set for the public hearing on the petition for the vacation of a
portion of Bonneville Avenue between 13th and 14th Streets, the matter was considered
by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the public hearing on the petition for the vacation of
a portion of Bonneville Avenue between 13th and 14th Streets be continued until the
next regular meeting on March 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

Consideration was given at this time to the request of Pardee-Phillips Construction
Company to erect a real estate advertising sign at the SE corner of the extension of
Van Buren and 5th Streets for the purpose of directing people to new model hones on
Owens Avenue.

Mr. Earl Hartke, representing Pardee-Phillips Construction Company, appeared before the
Board requesting approval of this use permit.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted,
that this use permit be denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 2nd day of March, 1955, having considered the application of
Pardee-Phillips Construction Company for a use permit to erect a real estate advertising
sign at the SE comer of the extension of Van Buren and 5th Streets for the purpose of
directing people to new model homes on Owens avenue; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
recommending that this application be denied for the erection of a real estate advertising
sign;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Pardee-
Phillips Construction Company for a use permit to erect a real estate advertising sign at
the SE comer of the extension of Van Buren and 5th Streets for the purpose of directing
people to new model homes on Owens Avenue, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the application of the Southern Nevada Power Company
for a use permit to construct a substation in an R-1 zone, located in a portion of the
SE¼, NE¼, Section 31, T20S, R61E.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this use permit to construct a substation in an R-1 zone be
approved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 2nd day of March, 1955, having considered the application of the
Southern Nevada Power Company for a use permit to construct a substation in an R-1 zone,
located in a portion of the SE¼, NE¼, Section 31, T20S, R61E; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
Southern Nevada Power Company for a use permit to construct a substation in an R-1 zone,
located in a portion of the SE¼, NE¼, Section 31, T20S, R61E, be approved and the
inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

Consideration was given at this time to the application of the Culinary Workers Union for
a use permit to erect a building, including a social hall, club rooms and offices, for the
use of Union activities at the NW corner of A Street and New York Avenue.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for use permit be approved and the variation
of the setback requirements be allowed as indicated on the plot plan attached to the
application, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 2nd day of March, 1955, having considered the application of the
Culinary Workers Union to erect a building, including a social hall, club rooms and
offices for the use of union activities at the NW comer of A Street and New York Avenue;
and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

3-2-55