CLAIMS

PLUMBERS EXAMINATION BOARD

TRASH CANS

GOLF COURSE - SEED

ORDINANCE NO. 203
BOY SCOUT DAY

BIDS - GASOLINE

Las Vegas, Nevada

February 15, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 15th day of February, 1945:
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
at the hour of 2:00 P. M. with the following members 
present:	Commissioners Bates and Smith. City Manager,

Chas. C. McCall; City Auditor, T. E. Fennessy and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioners

Clark and Corradetti. City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Approval of the minutes of February 7 and February
9 were waived until the next regular meeting of the
Board, February 21, 1945.

Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material
claim No. 325-1 in the sum of $8,413.00 be approved.

Said warrant covering partial payment on construction
of Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioners Clark and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that service and material
warrants No. 324-1 in the sum of $l,730.81 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith

end His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioners Clark and Corradetti.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Bates be
authorized to act as examiner on the Plumbers
Examining Board on behalf of the City of Las Vegas
until a Plumbing Inspector has been appointed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to advertise for bids for construction
of 100 trash cans and bags.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to purchase grass seed for the golf course
up to $500.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

A letter from the Las Vegas Council of Parents and
Teachers was received relative to Ordinance 203 and
the same was referred to the City Manager for answer.

Commissioner Smith moved that February the 21st. be
designated as Boy Scout Day in the City Government
of Las Vegas; and on that day Boy Scouts will take
over all appointive and elective positions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

At this time bids for gasoline from the following
firms were opened:

Richfield Oil Company,	#1	-	 18½¢,	  #2	-	 16½¢

Union Oil Company,	#1	-	 17½¢,	  #2	-	 15½¢

Oil & Gas Distributors,  #1	-	 17½¢,	  #2	-	 15½¢

Cardinal & Pisetta,	#1	-	 18¢ ,	  #2	-	 16¢

Wilshire Oil Company,	#1	- 18.9¢,	 #2	-	 16.9¢