On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy a gaming license as appli-
ed for for the Boulder Club Inc. was granted. Application being in proper form and money to

cover same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mrs. Garside, Mrs. Boyer, Mrs. Martin, Mrs. Marble, and Mrs. Beckley appeared before the
Board in regard to the securing of the co-operation of the Board of City Commissioners with
the Mesquite Club in the planting of roses and generally beautifying the City. They also ask
that the City at the expiration of the Contract with the Las Vegas Disposal Company in July
make other plans for the disposal of both wet and dry garbage.

They were informed that the Board of City Commissioners would do every thing in their
power to help beautify the City of Las Vegas, and were at the present time considering way and
means of having the garbage situation taken care of.

P.O. Silvagni appeared before the Board at this time in regard to having an orchestra
in the Pache Tavern. Numerous complaints being received by the Board against the playing of an
orchestra in the said Club, and the Board deeming it advisable to discontinue the same, per-
mission was not given Mr. Silvagni to use an orchestra in said Tavern.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy, a liquor license for
the sale of beverages containing not more that 20% alcoholic content in sealed packages not to
be consumed on the premises was granted to C.V.T. Gilbert at 224 Clark Ave; Westside.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Arnett, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that Dr.
Neimann be appointed the Official Meat Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, under the new
slaughtering ordinances. Dr. Neimann having received endorsement for the position by a number
of meat producers.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 18th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 18th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Down, and
Arnett, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Mundy.

At this time the Clerk read the following letter to the Board of Commissioners.

Las Vegas, Nevada January 17th, 1934.

To the Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Having at this time been appointed as Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada,
and in compliance with the existing laws which do not permit my serving as City Commissioner
at the same time as the position of Treasurer. I beg to tender you herewith my resignation
as a member of your Honorable Board, and at the same time extend my thanks for the uniform
consideration and many courtesies received at your hands.

Very Sincerely Yours,

W.B. Mundy.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was
moved that the resignation of W.B. Mundy as Commissioners of Streets of the City of Las Vegas
be accepted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Arnett, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the license applied for for the Big Four Club, operated by Jack D. Butler be
granted, on the grounds that the Chief of Police O.C. Boggs reported to the Board that the
conditions at the said Big Four Club had greatly improved and it his opinion it was a suit-
able place for a gaming license to be granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners German, Arnett, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.