Las Vegas, Nevada
December 1$, 19$6

As regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 19th day of December, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the 	following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert	F.	Boos

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Commissioner Sharp moved the hearing for Mrs. Rose Underwood to appear before the
Commission to show cause whey the license for the Baby-Tel Nursery should not be re-
voked be continued until January 2, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

This being the time set for the hearing on whether or not the taver license for the
Bonanza Bar, 4l8 West Bonanza should be revoked, Mr. Raymond Salmon and his attorney
Robert Cohen appeared before the Commission.

The Chief of Police advised the Commission that Mr. Salmon had appeared in District
Court on December 17, 1956 and pled guilty to the charge of receiving stolen property.
Chief Sheffer further advised the Commission that Mr. Salmon was found guilty and would
be sentenced on December 20, 1956.

Mr. Cohen advised the Commission that Mr. Salmon had entered into a contract for the
sale of the bar, and that the propective buyer was willing to pay Mr. Salmon's debts
in the amount of $11,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that in view of the past performance of Mr. Salmon
and the continued violations that the tavern license for the Bonanza Bar be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

This being the time set for Mr. Clayton Mar to appear before the Commission to show
cause whey the El Rio Club should not be closed, Mr. Mar appeared with his attorney
Mr. Madison Graves.

Mayor Baker stated that the reports showed that a special officer of the club was dis-
charged because he reported a change of policy to the Police Department. His Honor
asked whether or not Mr. Mar realized that special officers were under the jurisdiction
of the Police Department.

Mr. Graves stated that Mr. Mar was aware of the regulations, and was not aware of this
being the reason that Mr. Broadus was discharged.

Mr. Mar said that the reason Mr. Broadus was discharged was because of misconduct and
mistreating the customers of the Club.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the license of the El Rio Club be suspended for
1$ days, commencing at 8:00 A.M., December 20, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

At this time Mr. Clay Lynch of the Clark County Engineers was present to request addi-
tional easement for highway and utilities in Sections 16 and 17, T21S, R61E, MDB&M.

Mr. Lynch presented a map showing the easement the County requires.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the additional easement as requested by Clark County
in Sections l6and 17, T21S, R61E, MDB&M be approved and the Director of Public Works
and City Attorney instructed to check the easement presented and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of B id No. 56.54 for the installation
of a water line on Hinson Street from Charleston Boulevard to the new Fire Station
site, bids were received from the following firms:

GEORGE E. MILLER	$5,188.55

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION	5,352.20

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

BABY-TEL NURSERY
License Revocation
Hearing Continued

BONANZA BAR
License Revoked

EL RIO CLUB
Show Cause Hearing

EASEMENT
Clark County

BID NO. 56.54
Hinson Street
Water Line