109

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following applications for gaming license for renewals and
Renewal & Additions additions for the third quarter of 1947 were presented to the

Board for their consideration:

Ace Bar
Market Spot
Harris-Wasden
Music Hall
Sally's Cafe
Ace High Garage
Turf Saloon
Stan & Mary's
Drive In
Orton's Grill

Tivoli Tavern
Prescription Phcy
Playland Cafe

Robert Kroloff
R. E. Saltzman

Ted Patton
Ted Patton
Jack Carter
Andrew Finlay

Lee Hughes
Lee Hughes

Lee Hughes
Lee Hughes
Mon Woo

Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the follow-ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	The following liquor applications for the third quarter of 1947

were presented to the Board for their consideration:

Steak House	James J. Adras

Elite Market	Earl J. Vause

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications
for liquor licenses be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

GOLDEN WEST MEMORIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager be authorized to

PARK, Inc.	notify the Golden West Memorial Park Inc. that the City is not

Re: Mausoleum	interested in their proposal at this time relative to a mausoleum.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Whipple moved that this meeting recess until
July 25 at the hour of 3 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED

City Clerk

Mayor

 Las Vegas, Nevada
July 25, 1947	

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 25th day of July, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:00 p.m. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Whipple; City Manager T. E. Fennessy,

and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and

Moore, and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall. Also present was Mr.

M. C. Oglesby, County Assessor.

SPECIAL ASSESSMENT	This being	the time heretofore set for the hearing on	the Special

ROLL No. 3-1947	Assessment	Roll No. 3-1947 for installation of street	lights on

Confirmed	north Main	Street, and no protestants having appeared	Commissioner

Baskin moved that Special Assessment Roll No. 3-1947 be approved
	and confirmed by this Board and the City Clerk directed to deliver

said assessment roll together with certificate of confirmation and
date thereof to the Ex-officio City Assessor who shall record same
and append thereto his certificate of recording. Said assessments
levied thereon shall become at once due and payable and shall con-
stitute a lien on the respective lots.