Motion by Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas that the salary for the
City attorney be increased to $250.00 per month starting with the month of June 1929.
Vote on the said mention was as follows,

Commissioners Smith, and Thomas voting Aye, His honor the Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting was recessed
to Tues. June 11th, 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock p.m.

Off ice of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County Nevada.

June 11th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 11th day of June 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell,
German also Engineer for the City, City Attorney, and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayer.

Minutes of meeting of June 6th read, and corrected.

A Draft of an Ordinance entitled: An Ordinance Creating the Office of City Electrical
 Inspector, and Prescribe His duties, Creating, and Establishing The Bureau Of Elect-
rical Inspection And Defining The Duties And Powers of of Said Bureau, Providing For The
Issuance Of Permits For Installing Electrical Construction And Fixing The Fees There-
for; Regulating The Installation of Electrical Construction, Maintenance And Repairs
Of Electrical Wiring, Apparatus, or Equipment For Light, Heat or Power, Within , Upon
Or Attached, To Buildings, Structures, Lots Or Premises With in The City Of Las Vegas
And Providing A Penalty For Violation Of This Ordinance; was Read for a second time.

Upon Motion by Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner German said ordinance was
duly passed, and adopted, and ordered published for one week (6 issues) in the Las Vegas
Review a daily newspaper published in the City Of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance to be design-
ated as Ordinance #137.

Vote as follows Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German Smith, and His Honor The
Mayor voting Aye, Noes None.

Commissioner Thomas introduced the following Resolution

WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark Co; Nevada, that there is great necessity for an enlargement of the present sewer
system in said city, due to the added subdivisions in the community which have no ade-
quate sewerage disposal; and

WHEREAS, the sanitary and health conditions of said City must be preserved at all
times; and

WHEREAS, without an adequate sewer system an epidemic may arise at any time,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that the Light and sewer Commissioner of said City be
and he is hereby authorized to ascertain as soon as possible, the estimate cost of a
survey of said City of Las Vegas for sewerage disposal, and present the same to this
Board for consideration.

Vote on resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, Hansell, Smith, and
Thomas voting Aye, His Honor the Mayor Aye, Noes None.

Mr. Al Cahlen of the Las Vegas Review was present and