of the City of Las Vegas, will be held at the office Room of the said Board in the County
Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on the 28th day of
August 1929 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters:

1.	The appointment of Building Inspector.

2. The application of of Tutor Scherer for a rambling license at the Pavillion
at Loronzi's Resort, in said City.

3.	The application of Charles E. Taylor for a gambling license at #127 So. First

Street in said City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

Acceptance of Service.

The undersigned, being respectively the Mayor, and Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas do hereby acknowledge due service of the above and foregoing notice this 28th day
of August 1929. It appearing that O.J. Smith Commissioner is at this tine out of the
and state of Nevada, and his exact location being unknown and not easily ascertainable.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor.	R. W. Thomas.

L. B. Hansell.

W. C. German

Commissioners.

The application of Tutor Scherer was present to the Board for their approval.

The same being already being approved by the Police, and fire Commissioner R. W. Thomas
There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner
German that a gaming license be issued to Tutor Scherer for the operation of two tables.
Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Nones None.

The application of Chas. E. Taylor was next present to the Board, for a gaming
license. Same being approved by the Police, & Fire Commissioner R. W Thomas.

There upon a notion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell, and Seconded by Com-
missioner German that the license be granted.	Carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

The appointment of a Building Inspector next came before the Board.

The names of the following being presented to the Board.

Joseph S. Smith.

W. E. Robertson
J. Buren Evans.

Lloyd B. Jennings.

Paul Werner.

Paul D. Hosman.

The following Resolution was on motion of Commissioner W. C. German, seconded,
by Commissioner R. W. Thomas, duly adopted:

Resolve until the further notice of the Board the City Building Inspector,
be entitled to receive and shall be paid monthly an amount equal to the fees collected here-
under each month, up to but not to exceed Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00) and such
amount shall be in full compensation for all services rendered; provided that the City shall
not be liable in any respect for the difference between the amount of the fees collected
and too said sum of Two Hundred Fifth Dollars ($250.00).

Be it further resolved that the City Building Inspector hold office at the
pleasure of the Board:

Be it further Resolved that the City Building Inspector, when appointed,
qualify by taking the official oath of office, and giving a bond in the sum of Two Thous-
and Dollars ($2,000.00) to be approved by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas:

Be it further Resolved that such Building Inspector maintain as office with
a phone at his own expense.	

The Vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German,
and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Hoes None.

There upon a paper ballot was cast for the office of Building Inspector.

The count of the ballots cast showed Paul Hosman 1111. Ho vote being cast for
any of the other candidates. There upon Paul Hosman was declared appointed to the office
of Building Inspector.

There being no further business to cone before the Board at this time the
meeting then adjourned.