Jack Weisberger at Sam's Cafe	320 Fremont	2	slot	machines

E. A. Robinson at Esquire Bar	120 S. 2nd St.	4	slot	machines

Lambert Van DerMeer at Oppedyk's	600 N. Main St.	1	slot	machine

R. D. Bingham at Modern Food Shop	315 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Earl E. Wilson at Pony Express	123 S. 1st St.	7	slot	machines

Mae Nemaris at Mae’s Grocery	624 S 1st St.	1	slot	machine

John F. Miller at Sal Sagev Hotel	Fremont & Main	5	slot	machines

J. C. Greyson at El Cortez Hotel	600 Fremont (Bar)	1	slot	machine

V. R. Shurtleff at Sewell's	307 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Bert Weller at Lido Bar	107 N. 1st St.	6	slot	machines

Frank C. Kernan at Love Cafe	1501 S. 5th St.	1	slot	machine

Blaine Johnson at Johnson’s Groc.	630 S. 5th St.	1	slot	machine

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

GEORGE MONROE	Commissioner Corradetti moved	that the application of George Monroe for 3 slot

SLOT MACHINE      machine licenses at the City Cafe, 418 "E" & Madison be denied. Motion seconded
LICENSE DENIED     by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of George Monroe for a beer
license at the City Cafe be referred to the Chief of Police for investigation.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

TAXICAB	 	The applications for additional taxicabs of the Bule Cab Co. and the Vegas

APPLICATIONS	Transit were referred to the Police Department.

SALARY RAISE  	Commissioner Bates moved that	the salary of the City Librarian be increased from

LIBRARIAN	$100.00 to $125.00 a month as	of August 1, 1943 and that she be reimbursed for

money withheld from the last half of May through the months of June and July in
the amount of $62.50. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

SECRETARY	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the salary of the secretary in the Engineering

ENGINEERING  	Department	be raised from $140.00 to $150.00 a month and	that she take	care	of

DEPARTMENT	all of the	departments in the west wing of the building;	that insofar	as possible

the following schedule be followed:	four hours a day to the City Engineer, an

hour and a	half a day to the Recreational Department and	an hour and a	half	a

day to the	Planning Commission and if it is necessary to	work overtime	that	the

work be distributed among all the girls hired by the City in the War Memorial
Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
voter Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,

Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until the hour of 2:00 P.M.
on the 2nd day of August, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.	

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 2, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 2nd day of
August, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with
the following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

Smith; Mayor E. W. Cragin; City Auditor, Mac Cazier; City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting held July
the 16th be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS  	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 2631 to 2885, inclusive, be approved

2631 to 2885	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by

INCLUSIVE	Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the 1942 Pontiac purchased to replace the
PONTIAC TO REPLACE DeSoto in the Police Department for $1,400.00, there being a $700.00 allowance
DE SOTO	on the DeSoto leaving a balance of $700.00, be approved. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.