Prohibit Gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the
same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefore, and repealing all Ordinances
in conflict therewith.

Thereupon the Board ordered that this Ordinance be layed over until the next meeting for the
second reading.

There being no further business before the Board it was, upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting unless a meeting is
called by the Mayor.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
September 3, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3d day of September, A. D. 1919, at two o'clock P.M. of said
day. Present Hon. W. E. Perron, Mayor, with Commissioners G. H. French, W. E. Arnold, Howard
Conklin and the City Clerk and the City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of One Hundred and Fifty
Dollars ($150.00) be transferred from the Streed fund of said city to the Light fund, it was
farther ordered that the sum of Fifty Dollars ($50.00) be transferred from the Streed fund
to the Salary fund of said city.

The clerk then read an ordinance relating to nuisances in the city entitled "An Ordinance
for the Prevention and Punishment of offences against the Health, Safety and Convenience of the
Inhabitants of the city of Las Vegas, "and repealing Ordinance No. 7, entitled " An Ordinance for the
prevention of Nuisances." for the second reading, whereupon motion of Commissioner Conklin and
seconded by Commissioner French and dully carried it was ordered that the said Ordinance be passed
as is more fully set forth in Ordinance Book No. One under Ordinance No. 76 of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County, Nevada. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner 

Conklin, aye; Commissioner French, aye; Commissioner Arnold, aye; and his Hon. the Mayor,

W. E. Ferron voting aye. Noes none.

The clerk then read to the Board an Ordinance governing the licensing of certain game and
gaming within the city limits of the city of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, whereupon due
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried that the
Ordinance be referred to the next meeting of this board.

At this time the City Attorney, Mr. Stevens, called the attention to the Board that it will
be necessary to set aside a large amount of money for the support and maintenance of the public
library of said city, thereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the amount be
allowed for the maintenance and support of the public library of the said city having heretofore
set at the sum of Sixty Dollars per month it is hereby ordered that to take effect from and after
the fist day of August, 1919, that the allowance to be allowed for the Public Library is said city
be the sum of Seventy-five Dollars ($75.00) until the further order of this Board.

The Clerk then read to the Board an Ordinance "To create a Board of Health for the City of Las
Vegas" for the first time, whereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the this