PUBLIC HEARING -
Assessment District

#200-1

PUBLIC HEARING -
Assessment District

#100-3

PUBLIC HEARING -
Assessment District

#100-4

This being the time and place set for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections to the
proposed improvement in Assessment District #200-1 as proposed in Ordinance No, 399, the
following notice was reads

NOTICE

SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT #200-1

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
hereby declares its determination to install a sanitary sewer in the alley between Walnut Avenue
and Mesquite Avenue; from Bruce Street to 19th Street; in the alley between Mesquite Avenue and
Cedar Avenue; from Bruce Street to 21st Street, In the alley between Cedar Avenue and Poplar
Avenue; from Bruce Street to 21st Street. In the alley between Poplar Avenue and Elm Avenue;
from Bruce Street to 21st Street. In the alley between Elm Avenue and Marlin Avenue; from Bruce
Street to 21st Street. In the alley between Stewart Avenue and Marlin Avenue; from Bruce Avenue
to existing line 80.5 feet west of center line of 23rd Street. On Ash Avenue from 21st Street
to 23rd Street. On 16th Street to Marlin Avenue to Bruce Avenue. In the alley between l4th
and 15th Streets from Ogden Avenue to Stewart Avenue. In the easement between 14th and l5th
Streets from Stewart Avenue to Marlin Avenue. In the alley between 12th Street and 13th Street
from Stewart Avenue to Marlin Avenue.

The cost and expense of making the improvements described in the foregoing paragraph
shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to the benefits against the owners
and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assessment district as
created by Ordinance #399. Diagrams and estimates of cost are on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

The Board has set Tuesday, the 10th- day of January, 1950, at the hour of 8:00 P.M.,
as the time for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections that may be made by parties in
interest to the proposed improvements, said hearing to be held in the Council Chambers in the
City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dated this 27th  day of December, 1949.

City Engineer Anderson stated that the total estimated cost of this improvement is $39,427.50
which will run approximately $130.00 for each fifty foot lot.

His Honor asked if there were any present who wished to object to this improvement.

There being no objections to this Assessment District His Honor stated this Assessment District
No. 200-1 was approved and the City Attorney was instructed to commence proceedings for this
improvement.

This being the time and place set for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections to the
proposed improvement in Assessment District #100-3 as proposed in Ordinance No. 397, the
following notice was read.

NOTICE

STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-3

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
hereby declares its determination to grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement,
concrete curbs and gutters, sidewalks wherever, necessary and complete street lighting on the
following streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to-wit: All of
South 17th Street from Charleston Boulevard to Carson Avenue; all of Spencer Street from
Charleston Boulevard to Carson Avenue and from Carson Avenue to 17th Street.

The cost of expense of making the improvements of said district described in the
foregoing paragraph shall be paid by special assessment to be made according to the benefits
against the owners and upon the taxable lots and premises embraced within the special assess-
ment district as created by Ordinance No. 397. Diagrams and estimates of cost are on file in
the office of the City Clerk.

The Board has set Tuesday, the 10th day of January, 1950, at the hour of 8:00 P.M.,
as the time for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections that may be made by parties in
interest to the proposed improvements, said hearing to be held in the Council Chambers in the
City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dated this 27th day of December, 1949.

His Honor asked if there were any present who wished to object to this proposed improvement.

One property owner stated his objections to having sidewalks put in that district since it
would necessitate his putting in a retaining wall.

There being no further objections to this improvement His Honor stated this Assessment District
No. 100-3 was approved and the City Attorney was instructed to commence proceedings for this
improvement.

This being the time and place set for the hearing of suggestions and/or objections to the
proposed improvement in Assessment District #100-1* as proposed in Ordinance No, 398, the
following notice was read.

NOTICE

STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-4

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
hereby declares its determination to grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavement on the
following streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, to-wit: All of South 8th

Street from Franklin Avenue to a line 135 feet South of the center line of Park Paseo Avenue;
all of South 7th Street from Franklin Avenue to a line 100 feet South of the center line of
Park Paseo Avenue.