Item 6:	The city should have reserved the right to fix all rates, but is willing that

an arbiter other than the airlines participate, or the city will assent to any method that
will be conducive to the protection of future air commerce for the city.

Item 9: This is an impossible condition. We understand that the government in a sit-
uation of this kind, does not escrow their ear-market allotments of money. This is a matter
in which we have no voice.

Item 12 : The city cannot exempt Western Air, or any other company, from taxes for this
would require a constitutional amendment.

As a general proposition the city is anxious to enter into an arrangement with Western
Air with the object in view, as stated before, of giving the Western Air a full, complete
but non-exclusive, use and right to the city's airport, having in mind the interests of air
companies that may want to use the field jointly in the future, with the view also of letting
the airport pay its own way or approximately so, and no more. In other words, the city cannot
permit its airport to be so encumbered as to permit any one company to make a profit from
another company or in any way interfere with the complete and full enjoyment of the field by
all regularly established lines, as well as transient ships.

We thank you again for your kind assistance in this matter and express the hope that
we may be able to complete this program.

Very respectfully
THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

BY L.L. ARNETT MAYOR.

L.L. Arnett

and that copies be sent to honorable James G. Scrugham, Alvin P. Adams, and S.D. Walsh.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

It was brought to the attention of the Board at this time that Mrs. Mundy, Secretary
of the Cemetery Board and Mrs. McGovern also a member of the Board had handed the City their
resignations from the cemetery Board there fore leaving no person or persons in charge of
this department of the City.	

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that Viola Burns, City Clerk take temporary charge of the Cemetery until a
new Board might be appointed or some other plan of carring for the Cemetery could be form-
ulated.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 20th day of May, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 20th day of June, 1936.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

Leo McNamee Attorney for The Northern Club appeared before the Board in regard to the
said Club securing a license for the operation of "Big Wheel Roulette". He was advised that
a decision would be handed the Club on Wednesday the 27th day of May, 1936.

M.S. Pinjuv appeared before the Board in regard to the "Sunday Closing Ordinance"
that would come up for second reading June 4th, 1936. He advised the Board that there were
several petitions being circulated asking that the ordinance not be passed. Theses
petitions being in the hands of the New Deal Market, Colonial Grocery, Market Spot, and
A.J. Carlone besides one being with Mr. Pinjuv. He was advised that the matter would be
given consideration at such time as the ordinance could be brought before the Commissioners
for second reading.