Las Vegas, Nevada

July 9, 1954

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held this 9th day of July, 1954, was called to order at the hour of
7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Rex. A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

Asst. City Mgr.	R. W. Notti

City Engineer	George Wade

Comptroller	Harold W. Laird

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning Application
Wendelboe & Wollenzien
Denied

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing on the
application of Jack Wollenzien and Al Wendelboe for the rezoning of property located
at 3000 West Charleston Boulevard from R-E to C-1 to allow the construction of a
proposed shopping center, this matter was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that due to the great number of people who have signed
petitions for and against this particular rezoning, he felt that due to the number
that are objecting in the Mountain View Estates and McNeil Tract, these people being
nearest the proposed shopping center must be given consideration on this rezoning.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that this application of Jack Wollenzien and
Al Wendelboe to rezone 3000 West Charleston Boulevard from R-E to C-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed his
vote stating that he thought the matter should be held until there was a full board
present. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mayor Baker announced that even though he had voted to deny this application for
rezoning, he favored the installation of a commercial zone in this area, possibly
farther to the west if negotiations can be had. His Honor further stated that the
Commission should seriously consider this point in order that commercial enterprises
not be driven outside the City limits.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he felt that the property that Messrs. Wollenzien
and Wendelboe requested to be rezoned was not in the proper place because it was in
an R-E zone. He did not indicated that such a proposed shopping center would be
better situated in a closer populated area and that he would be in favor of the same
if such can be worked out.

Commissioner Sharp said that he seconded the motion to deny this application for
rezoning because it appeared from the petitions that were in favor of this proposed
shopping center, that approximately 90% of the people that lived in Hyde Park and
Westleigh Subdivisions; further that the count was practically ten to one against the
rezoning as indicated by the people signing the protest petition who live in
close proximity to this property. Commissioner Sharp stated that he would go along
with the Mayor's statement, if that was what the people wanted.

This being the continuation of the public hearing on the application of Thomas E.

Kirby to construct and maintain an office and rental unit on the following described
property:

Lot 4, Block 17, 14th Street City Addition, known as 430 North 15th St.

said variance having been denied by the Board of Adjustment, and said denial
appealed by Mr. Kirby, the matter was considered by the Board of Commissioners
at this time.

The City Attorney advised the Board that a time limit could be imposed on variance
applications.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Thomas E. Kirby to maintain
an office and rental unit on Lot 4, Block 17, 14th Street City Addition, known as
430 North 15th Street be approved and a limitation be placed on this property of one
year for such use provided also that Mr. Kirby retain ownership of this property;
further that the following resolution be adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a recessed
regular meeting on the 9th day of July, 1954, havind considered the application of
Thomas E. Kirby for a variance to construct and maintain an office and rental unit
at 430 North 15th Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Thomas E.

Kirby for a variance to construct and maintain an office and rental unit at 430
North 15th Street be approved and a limitation be placed on this property of one
year for such use and on the further condition that Mr. Kirby retain ownership of
this property, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary
permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

7-9-54

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance Application
Thomas E. Kirby
Approved