Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing matter be referred back to the
Regional Planning Commission to hold a public hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

ZONE VARIANCE NO. 92	At this time the letter of the Regional Planning Commission under date of

Dan Hartwell	September 5, 1950 concerning the request of Dan Hartwell for zone variance

of the Northwest corner of Hastings and Desert Lane was read to the Board.



Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing matter be referred to the Regional
Planning Commission to hold a public hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING DATE SET - Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of
Amendment to Land Use                the Regional Planning Commission as contained in their letter dated September 5,
Plan 2nd & Main,                1950, the Public Hearing on the proposed amendment to the Land Use Plan,

North of Mesquite	rezoning property located between Second and Main Streets, North of

	Mesquite from R-1 to R-4 be set for September 28, 1950 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING         On motion of Commissioner Moore, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple,

DEED	and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order

R/W - Extension of	made:

Pinto Lane

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of September, 1950, by the Board of
	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,

	that the deed, dated the 5th day of September, 1950, executed by Ray H.

& Myrtle O. Smith, John W. & Dorothy M. Simpson, Wayne E. & Frieda Strom,
and Harry W. & Nola H. Hanson to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the
records of this Board.

VACATION OF BUOL AVENUE Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

Public Hearing date set

WHEREAS, the Planning Commission is endeavoring to establish a street
	pattern in that area North and West of the County Hospital, and,

WHEREAS, a petition was filed with the Board of Commissioners by
not less than three (3) freeholders who reside in the area affected
requesting the vacation of Boul Avenue, and

WHEREAS, it is the'recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that the said Boul Avenue be vacated,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas:

1.	That a public hearing be had on the proposed vacation of the said
Boul Avenue on the 20th day of October, 1950.

2.	That the City Clerk be directed to post along the said Boul

Avenue, notices setting forth the extent of said proposed
abandonment and the date set for public hearing.

3.	That if it is determined at such public hearing that the public
will not be materially injured by the proposed vacation, the
Board of Commissioners shall order such street to be vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

APPOINTMENT OF MEAT	Commissioner Whipple moved that Dr. W.E. Steinmetz be appointed permanent

INSPECTOR	Meat inspector for the City of Las Vegas

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye:
noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Moore moved the application of the Golden Nugget, Inc., 2nd

Additional	and Fremont, by A.W. Ham Secy-Treas., for license for five additional

	slot machines for the third quarter of 1950 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS -	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Frank L.Levi, Economy Ice

Economy- Ice Service	Service, 422 Jefferson for a Retail Beverage liquor license for the

New	third quarter of 1950 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.