NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

that Cal and Margie Henry be granted a variance to build and maintain an eight-unit

motel at 620 Harrison Street, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Bunker.

VARIANCE APPLICATION At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
H.C. Monson on the application of H.C. Monson for variance to enlarge an existing dwelling to the
rear lot line at 120 North 8th Street.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
approved and the following resolution adopted:

#319 resolution

WHEREAS, on the 28th day of July, 1952, H.C. Monson filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for variance to build a bedroom in a now existing patio
which will extend the building to the rear lot line, at 120 North 8th Street in a C-2(General Commerical) Use District: and

WHEREAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREaS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved this application
as they did not feel that this use would be detrimental to surrounding property, with the
stipulation that off street parking be provided to the tenants; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 18, 1952,
recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that H.C. Monson be granted permission to build a bedroom on to an existing dwelling to the
rear lot line at 120 North 8th Street, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

VARIANCE APPLICATION The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Q.V. Richardson

Q.V. Richardson for a trailer court at 711 Van Buren was presented at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHeREAS, on August 4, 1952, Q.V. Richardson filed an application with the Regional Planning
Commission for a variance to establish and maintain a trailer court at 711 Van Buren Avenue
in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District: and

WHEREAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on August 14, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved this application subject
to a ten year time limit; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 18, 1952, recommend-
ing that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
Q.V. Richardson be granted a variance to establish and maintain a trailer court at 711 Van Buren
Avenue, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole,
Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

VARIANCE APPLICATION The Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of C.

C. Van Patton	Van Patton for variance to permit the construction of a duplex at 2021 Cedar Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be approved and the
following resolution approved and adopted:

#321 R_E_S_O_L_U_T_I_O_N_

WHEREAS, on the 30th day of July, 1952, C. Van Patton filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for	a variance to	build a small duplex at 2021 Cedar Street;	and

WHEREAS, on August	14,	1952, the	Regional Planning	Commission held a public	hearing	on	this

application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on August	14,	1952, the	Regional Planning	Commissioner approved the	application	as

they did not feel that this	use would	be detrimental to	surrounding property; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on August 18, 1952, recommending
that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that C. Van
Patton be granted a variance to build a small duplex at 2021 Cedar Street, be and the same hereby
is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.