Mr. Harris stated that he believed the property to the north is rather narrow as
compared to the property west across Tonopah and would not be as well suited. 
Commissioner Bunker asked what was the difference in the sizes and Mr. Bills estimated
the land to the north was approximately 400' in depth whereas the land in Twin Lakes
Village Unit #6 was approximately 200' in depth.

Mrs. William W. Brown, owner of the property on the northeast Conner of Tonopah Drive
and Washington Avenue and one of the objectors to the closing of Tonopah Drive, spoke
to the Board stating that the property to the west would be reduced more if the
street plan of 60' was met.

Commissioner Whipple stated that Tonopah Drive is to be very important as more 
developing is done to the north and suggested that between now and the public hearing
the possible procurement of the property to the north be investigated to see what
can be done.

Director of Planning, Mr. Franklin Bills, stated that he would like to make the position
of the Planning Department clear, and that when the tentative map of Twin Lakes Village
Unit #6 was approved by the Planning Commission and subsequently the City Commission
on December 7, 1955, there was a clear understanding that in order to make Block #1 of
Twin Lakes Village #6 useable to the School District, it would be necessary to eventually 
close that portion of Tonopah Drive which separates the two properties.

He further stated that he could clearly recall explaining this point in detail to
both the Planning Commission and City Commission and recommending at that time that
Twin Lakes Village Unit #6 should not be approved in its present design unless the
Planning Commission and City Commission were completely agreed upon a subsequent closure
of this portion of Tonopah Drive.

He explained it was his understanding at that time that, after weighing the benefits of
a collector street against the benefits to the school system, it was agreed that the
closure could be made without creating exceptional problems. He stated that he did not
say then, and he does not say now, that curving the traffic path around the school is
the ideal street design for this area; however, he does not feel that it creates a
totally bad situation and can see no real difference between the pattern which would thus
be created from the one which presently exists on South 10th Street as it bends around
the John S. Park School.

At this time the subject of this discussion was discontinued to be brought up later in
the meeting as the City Attorney had to do some legal checking.

BID OPENING NO. 59.02	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 59.02 for the furnishing

Street Improvements;	of all labor, equipment, materials, transportation, and service necessary to construct:

Sunrise, Stewart Ave.,	(Part I) - Concrete Curb and gutter, sidewalk and valley gutters, and (Part II) -

& 28th St.	asphaltic concrete pavement of portions of Sunrise Avenue, Stewart Avenue and 28th Street,

more fully described in the Plans and Specifications of said project; bids were received
Referred to Public Works                    as follows:

McColley & Kraft	Part	I	11,455.50

E. M. Kaufield & Son	Part	I	13,931.90

Stocks Mills & Supply Co. Inc.	Part	I	13,979.30

Wells Cargo, Inc.	Part	II	13,200.00

Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. Inc.	Part	I	11,297.00	24,497.00

Part II 13,200.00	'

Whiting Bros. Constr. Co.	Part	I	12,947.00	32,747.00

Part II 19,800.00	'

H. W. Polk	Part	I	13,299.00	30,554.00

Part II 17,325.00	

Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

BID OPENING NO. 59.04	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 59.04 for the furnishing

Traffic Signal System	of all labor, equipment, materials, transportation and services for installation of a

at Hinson & Charleston	Traffic Signal System located at Hinson Street and Charleston Boulevard, more fully

Boulevard	described in plans and specifications of said project; bids were received as follows:

Referred to Public Works	Nevada Electric Co. Inc.	7,934.00

Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

RIGHT-OF-WAY BETWEEN	The Planning Commission recommends the acceptance of the right-of-way for a street which

FIFTH & BRUCE STREETS	will be an extension of Jansen Avenue from Bruce to Fifth Street.

Extension of Jansen

Avenue	The Planning Commission further recommends that the street be named "Searles" and that

the name of "Jansen" which runs from Bruce to 25th Street also be named "Searles".

Approved	This would require a public hearing by the Board of City Commissioners; however, it is

recommended that the date for public hearing not be set until the Planning Commission can
present a recommendation concerning other street name changes.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the acceptance of the right-of-way for a street which will
be an extension of Jansen Avenue from Bruce to Fifth Street as recommended by the
Planning Commission be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

	2-4-59