OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JULY 6, 1931

	

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, held on the 6th day of July 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German
Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and Deputy City Clerk Mary Taylor.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed acting Finance Commissioner during the ab-
sence of Commissioner Thomas.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that Commissioner German be given authority to call for bids for two light cars
to be used by the Police Department.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Motion was made by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German
that bids be called for one dump truck to be used by the Street Department, also bids
for Tires and Tubes for all city equipment for a period of one year.

The following vote was taken: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Commissioner of Streets and Public Property, W. B. Mundy, announced
that he had received but one bid on Street Sweeper, proposed to be acquired on a lease
basis, such bid being from Austin Western Road Machinery Company, and recommended that
the bid be accepted.



Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the bid of Austin Western Road Machinery Company to lease
to the City of Las Vegas, with option to purchase one Austin-Motor Pick-up Sweeper
complete with extra gutter broom, extra pick-up broom and set of tools including one
broom filling machine, same delivered and put in service at Las Vegas, Nevada on the
following terms, namely, a rental payable as follows: $850 on the 5th day of August,

1931 and $260.00 on the 5th day of each and every month thereafter until twenty-four
such payments have been made, at which time the City shall have the option to purchase
said Motor Sweeper for the sum of Ninety Dollars. As a part of such consideration
the City to agree to deliver said Austin Western Road Machinery Company one second-
hand Austin Sweeper, as it is now, at the City Yards.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and Street Commissioner be and they
ate hereby authorized to enter into a written lease contract with said Austin Western
Road Machinery Company for the leasing of said sweeper etc. upon the above basis in the
form of agreement presented to the meeting. Clerk to sign and attest the agreement
with seal of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Ge man, Mundy,
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating
to the Construction of Driveways," was read for a first time and laid over for a second
reading.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

EE IT RESOLVED that there be and is hereby adopted the following Standard
Specifications for all curb and gutter work and a 11 driveway paving in the City of
Las Vegas, namely:

STANDARD SPECIFICATIONS FOR CURB AND GUTTER

1.	CLASS OF CONCRETE. Curt and gutter will be constructed of concrete,
either Class A or Class B.

2.	DIMENSIONS OF CURB AND GUTTER. Curbs and gutters shall be constructed
of the size and dimensions shown on the plan attached hereto and made a part hereof.

3.	EXPOSED SURFACES OF CURB FINISHED. All exposed surfaces of the curb
and gutter shall be floated, trowled or brushed.

4.	FINISHING FACE OF SURFACE GUTTER. The cement mortar finished on the face
of the gutter shall be ½ inch in thickness.

SECTIONS. The curb and gutter shall be constructed continuously, in 10
foot sections, the different sections being separated from each other by using a one-
fourth (¼) inch iron or steel plate, extending from the bottom to the top of the curb
or gutter. The plate shall not be removed until the concrete has taken its initial set.
Plates must be smooth and free from foreign matter. They shall be oiled with mineral
oil immediately before using. Any plate that has become warped or injured shall not be
used.

6.	RULING AND FINISHING. When the surface is in the proper condition, it
shall be given a smooth trowel finish and then ruled off in sections of ten (10) feet.

A ruling shall be brought directly over the joint made by the plate.

7.	The curb and gutter shall be made to conform to the above mentioned

plans.