264

PARADISE PALMS PLOT PLAN	The Commission again considered the Paradise Palms Plot Plan

St. Louis Ave. between	and the report of the Traffic and Parking Commission on the

Santa Paula Dr. & Weldon	offsite improvements required for construction by Royes

Place	Petersen	of a 94-unit apartment project. At the meeting of the

Referred to City Mgr. &	Board of	Commissioners held November 19, 1958, it was recommended

City Attorney	that the	Public Works Department study the problem; on Commission

Meeting held December 3, 1958, this was reported on by the Public
Works Department and after some discussion was referred to the
Traffic and Parking Commission, who now recommend disapproval
of the two plot plans on the basis that the parking arrangements
are contrary to City Ordinance and permit unwarranted traffic
hazards.

Planning Director Bills stated that many possible designs and
sketches have been drawn up and they have not been able to meet
provisions of the ordinance and still have a plan acceptable to	

Mr. Petersen. Director of Public Works Sauer presented a plan
closest to the requirements of the Ordinance; however, it still
exceeds the 32 foot maximum driveway opening. It does have
parallel parking on St. Louis Street which is the main thing.

Commissioner Bunker moved the matter be referred to the City
Manager and City Attorney to determine a method of working out
approval of the plan closest to meeting the ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROHIBIT SOLICITING	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and

ON STREETS	Parking Commission that it be provided by ordinance as follows:

Tabled	1. No person shall stand in a roadway for the purpose of

soliciting a ride, employment, or business from the
occupant of any vehicle.

2. No person shall stand on or in proximity to a street or
highway for the purpose of soliciting the watching or
guarding of any vehicle while parked or about to be
parked on a street or highway.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.24	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering

Traffic Paint	Department that Carey's Paint Co., 1405 South "A" Street, Las

Vegas, Nevada, be awarded the contract for furnishing of traffic
paint for the period from December 1,1958 to June 30,1959. The 
	total bid price was $3,611.25 for the specified quantity of 1275

gallons.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 58.24 for traffic paint for
the period from December 1,1958 to June 30,1959, be awarded to
Carey's Paint Co., 1405 South "A" Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, for
total price of $3,611.25.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BEL AIR TRACT NO. 4	The Commission considered the acceptance of the final plat for

Acceptance of Final Plat	Bel Air Tract No. 4. The final plat has been checked, the bond

has been submitted in the amount of $32,717.00. All the street
designs and utilities have been checked by the Engineering
Department and it is recommended that the final plat be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the final plat for Bel Air Tract No.

4 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

OFFSITE IMPROVEMENT	A use permit was issued January, 1957, to John W. Wise and Fred

AGREEMENT	0. Cobb for permission to exceed the restricted height of 50	

feet required by ordinance on installation of a sign. This sign
Use Permit ( U-47-56)	was constructed and a partial installation of the offsite improvements

 was provided on the Bonanza Street frontage.

Release of Bond

Recently the applicant has gone into bankruptcy and requests that
the Royal Indemnity Company Improvement Bond dated January 7,1957,
in the amount of $3,528.25, be released and no further work be
required on the offsite improvement agreement. The sign has since 
been removed from the site. The Engineering Department finds no
further necessity for the use permit requirements and recommends
the bond be released.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Royal Indemnity Company
Improvement Bond dated January 7,1957, in the amount of $3,528.25
be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

12-17-58