OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 29th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 29th day of June, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Farnsworth,
and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ward.

Mr. Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. of the PWA met with the Board at this time in regard to
further improvements at the fish hatchery, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by
Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the Mayor L.L. Arnett write to Mr. Mackey
in substantially the following form.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 29th, 1936.

Mr. Claude Mackey,

Local Manager PWA
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mr. Mackey;

This has reference to the conversation with the Board of City Commissioners
yesterday, regarding the local fish hatchery being constructed by the Federal Government under
your supervision, and wherein you expressed apprehension as to the wisdom of pursuing such
construction further.

I have been directed by the Board of Commissioners to advise you that the Board has ex-
pressed the disposition to cooperate with you to the fullest extent possible to the end that at
least three units of this plant be completed.

You expressed the fear that the water supply hereafter to be and now being used to supply
the hatchery might, in the near future, be	diverted	to	the city's use for	municipal purposes.

It is true that this may become necessary,	but	this	is	to	assure you that	such is not the im- 

necessary plan, however, as we all know, the demand may be so great, in view of the limited
supply of water available at this source, that such steps may be necessary in the future. How-
ever, you are assured that the water developed by your department for the use of the fish hatch-
eries will be used as a last resort and only to meet extreme emergency. Other available sources
and supplies of water will of course, be drawn upon first.

We realize that the plant which you are constructing has many advantages.

To avoid probable misunderstanding it might be well for me to state that my conference
with Congressman Scrugham and Commissioner Bell had as its object the procurement for the com-
munity of an additional facility, which we	all	know	to	be	of such extreme	importance to this

area and which is know absolutely necessary to	develop	to	the fullest the	advantages of re-

creational possibilities of Boulder Lake. The local facility would contribute, of course, its
share, but we all know it to be entirely inadequate to fulfill the pressing needs.

Very respectfully,

L.L. Arnett, Mayor.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none, Absent Commissioner Down.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 30th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 30th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 30th day of June, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of all regular and recessed regular meetings from January 4th to March 4th,
1936 inclusive read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following Preamble
and Resolution were introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, this Board, on the fifteenth day of June, 1936, authorized and directed the pur-
chase by the City of the following described property:

Situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, described as follows: