LIQUOR LICENSES	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of V.M. Benson, Bank Club, 2300 E. Charleston for a tavern liquor license be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.
	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

CIGARETTE LICENSES Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for renewal of license for the retail

	sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:  THRIFTY DRUG 317 Fremont Angus MacRitchie LARNIN DRUG STORE #2 812 S. 5th I.J. Larnin LaRNIN DRUG STORE #2 1418 S. 5th I. J. Larnine  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.
New Locations	Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for new locations for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved.
	UNION HOTEL 227 S. Main Western Cigar Co.  PARK HOTEL 232 S. 2nd Western Cigar Co.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.
CIVIL SERVICE AMENDMENTS	Action on two proposed amendments to the Civil Service, Ordinance, as recommended by the Civil Service Board of Trustees, was deferred until next meeting.

VACATION HEARING SET The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the petition for the vacation of the

Alley, Blk 1 Meadows Addn.	alley in Block 1, Meadows Addition be set for March 18, 1953 at 8:00 P.M.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

VACATION HEARING SET The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the petition requesting the vacation of

Maryland Park #2	various portions of alleys and streets in order to provide for the filing of the plat of Maryland Park No. 2 was considered by the Board at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the Public Hearing on the aforementioned petition for vacation be held March 18, 1953.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Whipple and Jarrett.
USE PERMIT SO. Nevada Power Cp.	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of the Southern Nevada Power Company to establish additional transformer facilities at 14th and Clark was considered The Planning Commission recommended that this Use Permit be approved subject to the following conditions.  1.	That a chain-link fence be erected around the entire transformer location.  2.	That landscaping be developed and permanently maintained adjacent to said fence in such a manner as to screen and beautify the area.  3.	That the Power Company sign the plan for Maryland Tract No. 2 and quitclaim deed for the right-of-way purposes, their property generally described as the South forty (40) feet of said property located on the northeast corner of 10th Street and Charleston Blvd.  4.	That the existing installation at 10th & Charleston be completely removed by September 1, 1953.  Mr. L.H. Compton of the Power Company was present and discussed the matter with the Board.  Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that the Power Company having applied for a Use Permit at 14th and Clark and having offered to execute a deed to the City for right of way for public purposes on Charleston at 10th, and sign a plot plan, now, therefore, be it resolved, that the Use Permit be granted.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Blk. 16, Meadows Addn. Gordon Shelton	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission, approving the application of Gordon Shelton to build a 4 unit apartment within 10 feet of front property line on Lots 27 and 28 Block 16, Meadows Addition, was considered by the Board at this time.
	Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:  WHEREAS, on the 12th day of January, 1953, Gordon Shelton, filed an application with the Regional Planning for a variance to construct a four unit apartment building to extend within 10 feet of the front property line, located at 230 West Chicago, West of Fairfield Avenue on Lots 27 and 28 of Block 16 in the Meadows Addition in an R-3 (Limited Multiple)  Use District; and  WHEREAS, on January 22, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved this application inasmuch as other properties in the immediate vicinity had been constructed within ten feet of the front property line; and  WHEREAS, on January 22, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing for variance at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and  WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on February 4> 1953, re- commending that such variance be granted.  NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

that Gordon Shelton be granted a variance to construct a four unit apartment building to extend
within ten feet of the front property line be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.