MATERIAL AND	 	Commissioner Smith moved that Material and Service

SERVICE WARRANTS	Warrants Nos. 228 to 229, inclusive, in the sum of

$5,207.62 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

RENEWALS OF	 	Commissioner 0orradetti moved that applications of

SLOT MACHINE	 	the Nevada Bar and Thrifty Market for slot machine

APPLICATIONS	 	renewals be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

AGREEMENT:	  Commissioner Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas

Union Pacific Railroad         accept the easement offered by the Union Pacific
and the City of Las Vegas	Railroad Company to the City of Las Vegas under the

terms and conditions of the agreement heretofore
signed and executed on June 14, 1944 by the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, save and except as to that
provision requiring the City of Las Vegas to maintain
and repair the fences on each side of said easement
and that said easement be accepted by the passing of
resolution by the City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas to read as follows, to-wit:

  PREAMBLE AND RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is cooperating with the Department of Highways,
of the State of Nevada, in the construction of a standard highway extending on, over
and across the land of Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company and its Lessee, Union
Pacific Railroad Company, situate in the South half of the Southeast Quarter (S½SE¼)
of Section Twenty-nine (29), and the Northeast Quarter of the Northeast Quarter (NE¼NE¼)
of Section Thirty-two (32), Township Twenty (20) South, Range Sixty-one (6l) East,

M.D.B. & M., in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the City has requested said Railroad Companies to grant to it an
Easement over said land for said highway, which said Railroad Companies are willing to
do upon certain terms and conditions, one of which is that the City would cause to be
vacated a certain portion of what is now known as Tonopah Highway, hereinafter more
particularly described, and the public interest and convenience requiring,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That that portion of that certain highway

commonly known as Tonopah Highway, located on a portion of the abandoned Las Vegas &
Tonopah Railroad 100 foot right of way, and extending in a direct line across the
South Half of the Southeast Quarter (S½SE¼) of Section Twenty-nine (29), the Northeast
Quarter of the Northeast Quarter (NE¼NE¼) of Section Thirty-two (32), and the Northwest
Quarter of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼NW¼) of Section Thirty-three (33), Township Twenty
(20) S., Range Sixty-one (61) E., M.D.B. & M., as said 100 foot railroad right of way
is described in Book 6, at page 260 and 261, of Deeds, Records, of Clark County, Nevada,
and not described or included, in that certain Easement for highway purposes over and
along a strip of land 150 feet in width, extending across portions of said Sections 29
and 32, dated the 14th day of June, 1944, from Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company,
a corporation, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, a corporation, to the
City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby closed up and vacated.

*  * *



STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) SS
CITY OF LAS VEGAS)

I, HELEN SCOTT REED, the duly elected, qualified and acting City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do hereby certify that the foregoing is
a full, true, and correct copy of that certain Resolution adopted by the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 21

day of _____October____________, 1944, as the same appears in the Minute Book of the

Commissioners' proceedings, now of record in my office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

 

GASOLINE PUMP	Commissioner Smith moved that the agreement between

AT CITY BARNS	Independent Oil Company and the City of Las Vegas for

use of gasoline pump at the City Barns during such time
as they serve gasoline to City of Las Vegas be approved

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.