Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 57.39 he awarded to V.C. Mendenhall Inc.
in the total amount of $128,858.03 and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, have taken
steps to create certain public improvements within the City of Las Vegas, all as
designated in Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-35; and

WHEREAS, by resolution passed, adopted and approved on the 5th day of 
February, 1958, the City Clerk was directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids
for the furnishing of labor, materials, transportation and services for the improvement 
called for in said Special Assessment District No. 100-35; and

WHEREAS, proper notices were given by publication of the receipt for bids
for the furnishing of such labor, materials, transportation and services; and

WHEREAS, bids were received by the Board of Commissioners on March 5, 1958,
and the confirmation of such bids were recessed until March 7, 1958; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to award the construction contract all
in accordance with the charter of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of March,
1958, that the bid of V.C. Mendenhall Co., Inc. 7800 East Charleston Boulevard,

Las Vegas, Nevada, in the total amount of $128,858.03, be and the same hereby is
accepted.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor is authorized to execute any and all
contract documents necessary to carry this resolution into effect.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 7th day of March, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted, authorizing the

NO. 100-35	Assessor to revise the Assessment Roll for Assessment District No. 100-35:

Revision of Assessment

Roll	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, have created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-35 and have taken certain steps toward the completion of said district; and

WHEREAS, it has been found necessary to revise the assessment roll in order 
to reduce the individual assessments because of a lower contract bid than estimated,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof, held on the 7th day of March,

1958; that the County Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the acting 
Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and
is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, a revised assessment 
roll for Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-35; in the manner
provided by the charter of the City of Las Vegas; Nevada; and to assess each lot
and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment district;
such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied in said district; and shall
be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to each lot or parcel of land
from the improvement.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have
completed the assessment; he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and made in the
form of a certificate endorsed on the revised assessment roll; which certificate
shall be in the form prescribed by the charter of the City of Las Vegas and be
designated as follows:

"Assessment District No. 100-35; Roll No. 36-1958 (Revised)."

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, the 7th day of March, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Bunker moved the revised Assessment Roll No. 36-1958 for the 

NO. 100-35	assessments in Assessment District No. 100-35 be approved and the following resolution

Assessment Roll No.	adopted:

36-1958

	RESOLUTION CONFIRMING ASSESSMENT ROLL

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve a certain street therein;
and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-35 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the cost and expense of making said improvements,
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assesses,
according to benefits against the owners and assessable lots, premises and property 
specially benefited by such improvements and included within such district,
proportionately to the benefits received; and

3-7-58