SECTION 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolution and ordinances, or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or
invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to
the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and
invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this
ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and
validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and it is necessary
immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an
emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public
peace, health and safety.

SECTION 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper
published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the
second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 12th day of April, 1954.

Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	Mayor Baker

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by Commissioner Jarrett, that all rules of
this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting
the fined, passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	Mayor Baker

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this
meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion and the question
being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following
result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay": None	Absent: Mayor Baker

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an emergency
ordinance. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage and
adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay": None	Absent: Mayor Baker

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in favor thereof, said
motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Sharp moved this ordinance be numbered 602.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-26

Resolution Authorizing
Call for Construction
Bids

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improvements
in Assessment District No. 100-26 be opened May 3, 1954:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 602, passed, adopted and approved this 12th day of April, 1954; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore