BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such Notice shall he in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of January, 1960.

ATTEST:

/s/ Edwina M. Cole______

City Clerk

/s/ Oran K. Gragson__________

Mayor

SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE
SEWER

U. P. Railroad Right-of-
Way

Agreement Approved

BID #59.57 - TRAFFIC
SIGNAL

Highland Dr. &
Charleston Blvd. and
Highland Dr. at Bonanza

BID #59.60

Painting Exteriors of
Dula Memorial &
Municipal Pool
Buildings

PARKING REMOVAL FOR
STREET CLEANING
PURPOSES

Fremont, from Main to
7th from 4:30 to 5:00
A.M.

Held in Abeyance

QUITCLAIM DEED

Dan H. Plunkett, Edward
J. & Marjorie Barrick,
Sam & Mary Ziegman, &
Rex A. Jarrett to City of
Las Vegas

Resolution of
Acceptance Adopted

Commissioner Sharp moved that the above Resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the agreement between the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and the City of Las Vegas, covering the construction of a 24"
sanitary sewer across the Union Pacific Railroad right-of-way on San
Francisco Avenue.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Agreement be approved and His Honor,
Mayor Gragson, authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved final payment in the amount of $2,067.40 be
made to Nevada Electric Company for work which has been completed under
Contract #211H.12, Bid #59-57, for the installation of traffic signal at
Highland Drive and Charleston Boulevard and Highland Drive at Bonanza and
the General Insurance Company of American Performance and Payment Bonds be
released. He added that he would like the Department of Public Works to
commend Nevada Electric Company for the wonderful job done by them on this
project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved final payment in the amount of $471.78 be made to
Sharpe's Paint Company for work which has been completed under Contract
#671H.13, Bid #59.60, for exterior painting of Dula Memorial Building and
Municipal Pool Building, and the General Insurance Company of America
Performance and Payment Bonds be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Director of Public Works Sauer reported that 19 letters had been sent out
to operators of businesses on Fremont Street, which were conducted at
night, inquiring if they were in favor of restricting parking along Fremont
Street from 4:30 to 5:00 A.M., for street cleaning purposes; 15 replies had
been received which favored the proposed parking ban, 3 businesses had not
replied, and one letter had been sent to the Silver Palace, which was not
operating. Mr. Sauer stated that it was proposed to ban parking between
2:00 and 4:30 A.M. on alternate side streets and, in that way, all the
streets could be cleaned between 2:00 and 5:00 A.M. and there still would
be parking available.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if it was intended to post signs to this effect
and Mr. Sauer replied in the affirmative.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance, pending further
investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be
adopted for Quitclaim Deed to the City of Las Vegas from Dan H. Plunkett,
Edward J. and Marjorie Barrick, Sam and Mary Ziegman, and Rex A. Jarrett
for a 30' right-of-way strip on the north one-half of San Francisco Avenue
west to the Railroad right-of-way for approximately 1,000':

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E. W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of January, 1960, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated the 9th day of December, 1959, executed by

Dan H. Plunkett, Edward J. Barrick; Sam Ziegman and Rex A. Jarrett

1-6-60