Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

Commissioner Fountain voted no, stating that he was a layman and not a lawyer;
that he could not see this precedent set by a City.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	Mr. Pursel, call your witnesses.

JACK PURSEL:	I would like to call on Diane Schnaer, the Child Welfare Nurse.

DIANE SCHNAER:	I was hired by the City of Las Vegas because the citizens of Las Vegas

wanted their children cared for in child nurseries properly protected.

In regard to the case of the child with the chicken pox, Mrs. Mormon said Dr. Ryan

had said it was not necessary to isolate the child, which was an error. Dr. George

examined the child the next day, and stated that she was still contagious. In the	

second case of the child with the mumps, he was not properly isolated. Mrs. Mormon

also failed to keep health records. She was asked for the health record of the

child with chicken pox and she did not have it. Other records that Mrs. Mormon

did have were not complete.

In another instance there appeared to be a child under the age of two years, and
upon a subsequent visit the child was not there, nor had a health record been 
completed. Mrs. Mormon said to me, "Just try and find the mother of this child."

During another visit, children were napping in a room with sun shining in through a	

large window. At my last visit one child was on a cot in the hall. Others were
unable to nap because of commotion in the swimming pool. There is no relaxed
atmosphere. At lunchtime, the children are given no opportunity to ask for a
second sandwich.

When I make visits to Mrs. Mormon's nursery and ask for health records, I am asked
why I don't do this in other nurseries, etc. I have tried to cooperate with Mrs.

Mormon but there was no cooperation with her when I asked her to abide by the rules
and regulations.

MR. GALANE:	My first question:	Is it not true that your husband, using the name of

Al Sherman, works as the representative of Bookie, J. J. Levin in trying 
to place shows in Strip hotels, and that Jack Entratter objected the use permit
when application was made for this nursery?

MR. CORY:	In asking questions regarding testimony of Mrs. Schnaer, I do not think

this is proper cross-examination.

MR. GALANE: We are trying to find out the truth and motives and whether Mrs. Mormon
did or did not cooperate with Mrs. Schnaer or vice-versa. I do not
believe you can object on the grounds that this is not proper questioning. Mrs.

Schnaer just told you Mrs. Mormon would not cooperate; therefore, she has opened the
door. Three weeks after the licensee opened she tried to get other operators to sign
this document and this was two months before the first child had the chicken pox.

On one trip she had Jean Dutton with her. Record shows the protest of Jack Entratter
on the use permit. I present here City Directory and Telephone Directory listing
Al Sherman, 1404. Houssels as theatrical agent and Diane's name is shown also in the
City Directory. I ask Mrs. Schnaer if, on January 21, 1959, she called on Ellie
Adams? And if, on January 22, 1959; Mrs. Schnaer and Mr. Dutton called on Mrs.

Gardner, and if, on January 23, Mrs. Schnaer and another City Official called on
Martha Barber with a typewritten document prepared before they went to these homes?

However, no one signed this document.

JACK PURSEL:	This is a lengthy and complex question. I do not know how the witness

can answer unless the question is broken down.

MR. GALANE:	Was it when the license was granted to Connie Mormon at the present

location on January 5, 1959, that Mrs. Schnaer noted the cooperation of
Connie Mormon changed when she visited her nursery?

DIANE SCHNAER:	After the third week in my position Mrs. Mormon complained about my

aggressiveness. She said it would be a feather in my cap if I
closed the Las Vegas Day Nursery, and that is when we got on a friendly basis.

MR. GALANE:	Then you did not intend to tell this Commission that she became 

uncooperative when she went into the new location?

DIANE SCHNAER:	More so.

MR. GALANE:	Did you take this statement to your licensees?

DIANE SCHNAER: This was a statement of Mrs. Gardner's. In the presence of Jean	*

Dutton she said this was her statement but that she did not prefer
to sign it until she had counsel.

MR. GALANE:	The statement you have there is a copy of the statement shown me by

Sid Sheppard.

DIANE SCHNAER:	This was shown only to Mrs. Gardner — not Mrs. Barber and Mrs.

Adams.

MR. GALANE:	Have you ever at all placed acts at the Fremont Hotel?

DIANE SCHNAER:	At this time I would like to say that my husband would like to do

business for Jack Entratter.

JACK PURSEL:	I am assuming Mrs. Mormon and her operation is on trial tonight and not

Mrs. Schnaer. The regulations under which the Child Welfare Board
operate are by ordinance. It is required that a child with a contagious disease be
removed as soon as possible -- nothing about isolation -- to my knowledge. The
chicken pox case was what the original hearing was about and, subsequently, Mrs.

Mormon was notified as to what this ordinance provided and expected of child nurseries.

7-22-59