On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to A.F. Smith, Jr.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 19th day of April, 1937.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 19th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of April at the hour of four o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Marble Deputy City Attorney Ham and
City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down, and Perry and City Attorney Taylor.

Mr. Ingram, of the Nevada State Board of Health appeared before the Board at this time
and went into detail account of the unsanitary conditions existing in the City of Las V gas
and made recommendation how some of said conditions might be over come. In closing Mr. Ingram
informed the Board that upon his return to Reno he would forward the City a copy of his written
report covering his findings in the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 20th day of April at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 20th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of April, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and
Marble, Deputy City Attorney Ham, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry and City Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a tavern liquor license be granted to Corey Brothers, 116 South 1st St.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a wholesale beverage license be granted to the Nevada Beverage Co; 801 South Main St;

Vote Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be ranted:

Peter Pansey	1,	Venis Lancaster	1, Bert Smith 1,

Ray Murphy	3	J.T.Watters	5,

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write Fred Billings and inform him that his request, baring the sale of liquors
and beverages to his brother, would be considered when same was presented to the Board in con-
formity with Section 23 of Ordinance No. 203, governing the sale and distribution of liquors
and beverages.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor v ting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 21st day of April, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.