On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Resolution embraced in the following letter be adopted:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

February 4th, 1938

Board of City Commissioners:

Gentlemen;

The Recreation Board requests that you adopt the following Resolution:- 
Resolved: That the salary of Alfred J. Brews, golf pro, be set as follows beginning January 1st
minimum guaranty $40.00 per month; maximum §140.00 per month. The amount each month to be made
up from the $40.00 now allowed in Recreation Department funds allowed plus all green fees for
the month over $20.00 said $20.00 to be set aside as a "Golf Fund" to be drawn on for promoting
golfing as deemed wise by the Golf Association Directors, the Pro and the Recreation Superin-
tendent.	Respectfully submitted

Recreational Board

By A.W. Blackman, Chairman

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor, voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time C.D. Baker and A.L. Drew presented to the Board for its consideration form of
ordinance governing the erection and construction of signs both electrical and billboard type.

No action was taken on this matter. However Dan Jondahl spoke against the pa sage of such ordin-
ance.

A form of	Ordinance setting up a Power and Light Board for the City of	Las	Vegas	was read

and considered.	Action and vote being delayed until a future meeting.

On motion	of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was	moved and	carried

the Williams Outdoor Advertising Company be granted permission to erect ten	(10)	signs	in the

City of Las Vegas. Six of said signs being on north Main St. and four (4) on Fremont St.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Tuesday the 8th day of February , 193 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 8th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of February 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Present also were Gay Meyers, Acting Mayor, Bobby Hampton, Acting Finance Commissioner
Williams Barnett, W.S. & Light Commissioner Jack Leavitt acting P and F Commissioners Arrne
Berry Acting Street Commissioner Wayne Bunker, Acting City Attorney, Louis Barrett Acting City
Clerk, Bill Cusin Acting Chief of Police, Robert Eglington Acting City Engineer, Jimmy Porter
acting City Electrician, Jack Draper acting Fire Chief, and Rollo Smith Acting Director Recreat-
ional Dept. These acting officers of the City were from the Las Vegas Troups of the Boy Scouts
of American and were participating in the annual Boy Scout Week.

Minutes of all regular and recessed regular meetings read and approved as read.

M. Ed W. Clark appeared before the Board at this time with a committee from the Lae Vegas
Golf Association and informed the Board that to date this Association had been able to raise
only $1535.00 toward a possible $4,000.00 needed to meet the sponers portion for the improve-
ment of City ground with a grass golf course. Mr. Clark informed the Board this was a gift to
the City, and felt that the Golf Association would not be able by popular subscription to raise
the balance need namely $2,465.00.

Mr. Arnett informed Mr. Clark and Committee that the would would consider ways and means
of providing the balance, $2,465.00 and that answer would be given at a meeting to be held in
the very near future.

Mr. Claude Mackey, Local Manager WPA appeared before the Board and stated that work for
projects was greatly needed and informed the Board that by the 15th of February he anticipated
150 men on the releaf roll of Las Vegas.

Mr. Mackey also presented to the Board a letter and Plan of the United States Community
Improvement Appraisal which was required to be in the hands of the WPA in Washington D.C.
not later than March 8th, 1938.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that Mr. Baker City Engineer work with Mr. Mackey and prepare such appraisal and forward same
to Washington D.C.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.