A petition signed by a several property owners regarding the installation of fire hydrants
in the Meadow's Addition was read and referred to the city attorney to report back to the
Commission at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the meeting adjourn until the 1st day of November,
1941 at the hour of 10:00 A. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

November 1st, 1941

Recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 1st, 1941

at the hour of 10:00 A.M.

The meeting was called to order by Mayor Pro Tem, Pat Clark.

PRESENT: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and Mayor Pro Tem Clerk. City Clerk
Helen Scott.

Absent: Paul Ralli, City Attorney. Mayor Garrison.

Reading of the Minutes of the previous meeting were waived until the meeting of the 4th.
Commissioner Tinch moved that vouchers 589 to 592 inclusive be allowed and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until November 4th, 1941 at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

November 4th, 1941

Regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 4th, 1941 at the hour
of 7:30 P.M.

Meeting called to order by Mayor Howell C. Garrison.

Present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, Clark and His Honor Mayor Garrison.

City Clerk Helen Scott. Paul Ralli City Attorney.

Absent: None.

Minutes of the meetings of October 30th and November 1st were read and approved as
read.

Minutes of a meeting of the committee on municipal water were read by Mr. Blackman.
Commissioner Smith approved the minutes as read and Ordered same filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 593 to 596 inclusive be allowed and the Mayor and
City Clerk be authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the proposed agreement between the city of Las Vegas and

Frank S. Currie be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.