NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO; E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to. -WENDELL BUNKER, ROBERT T. MOORE, WILLIAM PECCOLE, REED
WHIPPLE, Commissioners and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers, at the City Hall, 5th & Stewart, on the
13th day of March, 1950, at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Vacation of Right of Way adjoining John S. Park School

2.	Accept Deed from LDS Church for right of way on Sweeney Avenue

3.	State Highway to furnish Mercury Vapor lights for intersection
of Fremont and Charleston Blvd.

4. Proposed ordinance on Assessment District #200-2

5.	Zone Variance #83

6.	Liquor application - Shamrock Hotel

7.	Reject Bid No. 50.10

8.	Service & Material Warrants

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
	City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting:

/s/ E. W. Cragin............................. /s/ William Peccole__________________

/s/ Wendell Bunker

/s/ Reed Whipple.............................

/s/ Robert T. Moore		

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 13th day of March, 1950 was
called to order at the hour of 3:15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the fol-
lowing members present:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Attorney

Howard W. Cannon, Acting City Manager W. C. Anderson and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

VACATION - Right of Way           This being the time set for the public hearing on the vacation of that portion of a
Adjoining John S. Park                 certain right of way located at the southwest corner of John S. Park School lot, His
School Lot	Honor read the notice of the proposed vacation.

Public Hearing	His Honor then asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this vacation.

	There being no one present who wished to object, Commissioner Moore moved the following

order be adopted:

	O R D E R

A Petition signed by three (3) freeholders owning property adjoining the area
affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation
of a certain Right-of-Way, hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order
of this Board referred to the Regional Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for
its recommendation in the premises, and said Regional Planning Commission having filed its
report dated February 4, 1950, with the Board approving and recommending said vacation to
the extent hereinafter described;

And this Board, by an Order made at its regular meeting on the 7th day of Feb-
ruary, 1950, set the 13th day of March, 1950 at the hour of 3:00 P.M., at the Commis-
sioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building located at
the Northwest comer of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, as the time and place for a public hearing on said Petition and recommendation,
and Ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid Right-of-Way proposed to be vacated to
be posted with a Notice setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the
extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Charles V. Cudney, filed with the Clerk
               of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is

attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 10th day of February, 1950, in the manner
prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation
and the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission thereon, and this Board hav-
ing heard evidence in support of said Petition and recommendation and no evidence in
opposition thereto having been offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the Right-of-Way
proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and convenience, that
said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas and is necessary for
and- by reason of the public interest and convenience, and that the public will not be
materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described Right-of-Way, to-wit:

Commencing at a point on the southwest comer of the grounds of
the John S. Park School, extending 167.35 feet northerly from
the north line of Sweeney Avenue and being 60 feet in width,

be, and the same is hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.