Mr. Kennedy advised, the Commission that a request had been made from the Boulder
Club that the license fees for the next three months be waived. The City Manager
reported that the City Attorney had advised him that these fees were the second
payment on a 6 month's license and must be paid.

The City Manager presented the proposal of Bunker & Jones for auditing the City
accounts. He stated that it was practically the same as last years contract and
stipulated that the cost would not exceed $6,500. Mr. Kennedy recommended that
this contract be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the proposal of Bunker & Jones to audit the City Ac-
counts be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Electrolux Corp. for reduction
of the solicitor's license fee.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted and the license fee reduced to
the same fee as general mercantile.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the contract with the Las Vegas Bench Ad-
vertising Co. be cancelled because they have not paid the fees as agreed upon in
this contract.

Commissioner Bunker moved the contract with the Las Vegas Bench Advertising Com-
pany for bus stop bench advertising be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Engineering Department had
requested that the street patching on East Charleston and Nellis Boulevard be de-
leted from the contract of Charles J. Dorfman, contractor for the Outfall Sewer.

Mr. Kennedy stated that County Board of Commissioners were going to advertise for
bids on a complete construction of these roads, and that the City's money together
with that of the County Sanitation District and the County Road Department would
be used to complete the job. The attorney advised that a change of contract would
authorize this.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of the City Manager authorizing a change
order to delete the street patching from the contract of Charles J. Dorfman be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.



At this time the City Manager reported that A.G.Neumeyer who had received a use permit
to convert a multiple unit into professional offices at 1713-15-17 East Charleston
Boulevard, had not installed the improvements required when this permit was granted.
Mr. Kennedy stated that Mr. Neumeyer was supposed to install street lights, curbs,
gutters, sidewalks and an approved parking lot, and that the City has applications
for licenses and two doctors are practicing in that location, but the licenses can-
not be permanently issued as they are subject to completion of the improvements.

Mr. Kennedy requested that Mr. Neumeyer be given thirty (30) days to complete the
Improvements of the use permit cancelled by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Neumeyer be notified to install these improvements
within thirty (30) days or his use permit will be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commisl

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had received an application from the Nevada Employment
Security to place a trailer on North 2nd Street approximately 200 feet south of the
State Employment parking lot, to be used as an office by the Employment Security.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that he had a letter explaining why this was
needed.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the owners of the El Rio Club be notified to appear at
the next regular meeting on December 19, 1957 to show cause why their licenses
should not be revoked on the basis of the reports from the Police Department and
City Attorneys office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;

GAMING & LICENSE FEES
AUDITING CONTRACT

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE FEE

BENCH ADVERTISING CONTRACT
Cancelled

STREET PATCHING
E. Charleston & Nellis Blvd.

USE PERMIT - U-18-55
A.G. Neumeyer

NEVADA EMPLOYMENT SECURITY

EL RIO CLUB
License Revocation