the purpose of creating a fund for the payment of the principal of said bonds and the interest accruing thereon.
Such taxes, when collected, shall be kept for and applied only to the payment of the principal of and interest
on said bonds as hereinbefore specified.

Section 9. That the City Council does hereby find and declare that the life of the improvements to be
acquired and established out of the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be in excess of twenty-
five years from their date.

Section 10. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are, authorized and directed
to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance, including, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the executuon of such certificates as
may be required by the purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the
municipal officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the rate of taxes
levied against the taxable property within the City of Las Vegas, the receipt of the bond purchase price, and,
if in accordance with the facts, the absence of litigation, pending or threatened, affecting the validity
thereof.

Section 11. That all by laws, orders, resolutions, and ordinances, or parts of by laws, orders,
resolutions, and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed. After the bonds hereby
authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall constitute a contract between said City and the holder
or holders of said bonds, and shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest accruing
thereon shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 12. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for any
reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining
provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any
section, sentence, clause, or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice
in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 13. That by reason of the fact that the sewers of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants, and that it is necessary immediately to raise
funds to install said sewers therefor, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, helath and safety.

Section 14. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading
and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED, this 2nd day of September, 1953.

(SEAL)

Attest:

S/ C.D. BAKER

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Commissioner Jarrett then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being upon the
adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye” Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay" None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Jarrett that all rules of this Board
which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be,
and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency
ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was called with
the following result:

Those voting "Aye" Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay” None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this meeting be
now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing
of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result: