At this point there was some question by Planning Director Bills as to the plan as presented
to the Board by Mr. Cohen.

Frank Imperato, operator of Pinky's Liquor Store, 1232 South 5th, stated that there were six
liquor stores in the area already and they are having a tough time now to make ends meet and he
was objecting to this application on that basis.

Sam Zona, one of the operators of the Round Up Liquor Store, 1820 South 5th, stated that if another
liquor store was allowed in the area they would just about have to close their doors.

Joe Julian then spoke to the Commission stating that there is a liquor store right across the
street that has no objection and if there was an objection he would be the one to object. He
added that this is to be a complete shopping center, as Mr. Cohen had said, with all other types
of businesses there.

His Honor Mayor Baker stated that in view of the testimony and the presentation of the plan and
	the uncertainty of the Board that he would suggest deferring the matter to the City Attorney for

further investigation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that application of Joseph Julian for a package liquor license at the
Joe Julian Liquor Store, 2400 South 5th, be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

	Mr. Kennedy instructed the plan of the shopping center be sent back to the Traffic and Parking

Commission to see if it was the same as the plan approved by them. He stated further that the
ingress and egress does not appear to be the same as it was approved.

SHOW CAUSE HEARING	On page 381 of these minutes, show cause hearing regarding the revocation of the liquor and 

Town Tavern, Earl	gaming licenses of Earl Turman, Mary Louise Woodyard, James Monroe Woods, Lorenzo Virgil Spencer,

Turman, et al	Gilbert C. Kenner, Geraldine L. Brentner doing business as the Town Tavern, 600 Jackson Street,

was held in abeyance.

Licenses Cancelled

At this time a letter was presented on behalf of all licensees except one requesting that the
(Refer to Page 381	licenses be cancelled,

of these minutes)

Commissioner Fountain moved that the liquor and gaming licenses of Earl Turman et al doing 
business as the Town Tavern, 600 Jackson Street, be cancelled at the request of the licensees.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS POLICE                      City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for payment of $184.00 to the Las Vegas Police 

RESERVE	Reserve Unit for a total of 92 hours at the rate of $2.00 an hour. The Police Department found it

Payment for Special	necessary to place a 24 hour guard on City Prisoner Dwight Robert Hansford, M #29611, at the

Duty (Hospital Guards)              Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital from April 4, to April 6, 1959.

Approved	Commissioner Whipple moved that authorization for payment of $148.00 to the Las Vegas Police 

Reserve Unit be approved and the Director of Finance and City Treasurer authorized to issue the
warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LEASE OF POLICE CARS               City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from James Cashman, Jr., Vice-President of the J.C.

J.C. Investment, Inc.                    Investment, Inc., containing proposal to extend and modify the lease on police vehicles for

another year. The lease now in existence extends to July 1, 1939, and thereafter remains in
Approved	effect until sixty days cancellation notice is given by either party.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City Attorney be instructed to modify the lease agreement
and that same be approved for the Mayor and City Clerk to sign, as recommended by the City
Manager, Chief of Police and legal counsel.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON INN	City Manager Kennedy presented a request that a Show Cause Order be issued to Marie Rose

License Suspended	Phillips doing business as the Charleston Inn, 1107 South 2nd Street to appear May 20, 1959, at

the Commission Meeting to show cause, if any she has, why her restaurant beverage license should
Show Cause Hearing	not be revoked. This request was based on police investigation and report. Mr. Kennedy further

May 20, 1959	advised that this licensee is operating as a package beer store and selling wine by the bottle

and there is no indication of food being served.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the restaurant beverage license of Marie Rose Phillips doing
business as the Charleston Inn, 1107 South 2nd Street, be suspended effective immediately, and
licensee ordered to appear before the Board of City Commissioners at their next regular meeting
to be held 7:30 p.m., May 20, 1959, to show cause, if any she has, why her restaurant beverage
license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED PET CEMETERY          City Manager Kennedy presented a proposal of the Taylor Corporation, Henry T. Elder, President,
ADJACENT TO ANIMAL	for a pet cemetery; proposed site is a 5 acre parcel lying immediately north of the existing

SHELTER	animal shelter which places it between the Animal Shelter and proposed public works yard. In

Mr. Elder's written request he stated that because of its proximity to these uses it is not a
Taylor Corp.	desirable location for residential development, but appears to be a suitable site for a pet

cemetery.

Denied

He further stated it is the intention of the corporation to begin by leasing one acre on a long
term basis with plans for developing the entire 3 acre parcel commensurate with the demand for
this service; offer is $300.00 per annum for this first acre, and as the development proceeds
into the remaining 4 acres, arrangements would be for what the City feels is equitable.

5-6-59