309

RESUBDIVISION	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission dated October 5, 1948

Blocks 26 & 27	relative to the resubdivision of Blocks 26 and 27, Pioneer Heights be referred to the city Manager

Pioneer Heights	so that he might have a meeting with Mr. Murray Wollman and Mr. R. B. Griffith and ary other

property owner interested in this resubidivison.

V

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE   Commissioner Clark moved that the following recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to 

                                                OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION	

October 4, l948

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	ZONE EXCEPTION CASE NO. 63

William Wright
217-225 South Bruce Street

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable Board adopt an order approving the re-
commendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the above petitioner be granted
permission to use the above-mentioned property for Limited Multiple Dwelling Use. This
property is located at 217-225 South Bruce Street, as shown on attached City map, and is
in R-l, Single Family Residential Zone.

It is further recommended that your order include the following conditions:

1.	USE

That the property described be used only for limited multiple residential
dwellings subject to the limitations hereinafter specifically set forth.

2.	COVERAGE

The maximum coverage permitted under this use shall not exceed four dwelling
units (one-family) each per lot as platted, or one dwelling per each one thousand
seven hundred fifty (l,750) square fet of lot area. The minimum building site
area shall be seven thousand (7,000) square feet.

3.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT

The maximum building height shall be two stories.

4. YARDS REQUIRED

a.	No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20) feet to the front
property line of any lot fronting on Bruce Street.

b.	There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten
percent of the width of the lot.

C. There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth
$. DWELLING GROUPS

In the event dwelling groups are to be erected, plot plan shall first be submitted
to the Planning Commission for compliance with regulations for such use permitted
in such property.

6.	PROVISIONS FOR STORAGE OF AUTOMOBILE

There shall be provided at the time of the construction of any dwelling units hereafter
erected, minimum permanently maintained off-street parking accomodations with adequate
provisions for ingress as follows:	There shall be provided private automobile storage

space, located on the same lot or parcel of land, with a capacity for not less than one
car for each dwelling unit.

7.	BUILDING AND PLOT PLANS

Building and plot plans to be checked by Office of the Planning Comission for compliance
with above conditions.

8.	DEED RESTRICTIONS

It is not intended by the granting of this exception to interfere with, abridge, abrogate,
or annul any private covenants, deed restrictions or other agreements between parties
affecting the lands concerned.

This petition, involving property legally described therein and classified in Residential Zone #1, 

was presented to and reviewed by the members of the Regional Planning Commission at a regular meeting
on September 28, 1948. After consideration of all factual data before members of the Commission,
it was determined that the exception herein recommended under the conditions set forth was con-
sistent with the intent and purpose of the City Zoning Ordinance and amendments thereto now being
prepared.

Respectfully yours,

REGIONAL PLANNING COMMISSION

/s/