OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JANUARY 13TH, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 13th day of January 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause ad Corradetti City Clerk and City
Attorney.

At this time a number of Plastering Contractors appeared before the Board and ask that the
Clerk and License collector make diligent inquiry as to all persons doing plastering work as to
whether or not same was being done under contract and if so to demand a license from same. These
men were informed that all contractor were required to carry a license but before collecting
such fee proof of contracting must be had. But that the Board and Clerk and License Collector
would be glad to work in cooperation with contractors in the collecting of license fees.

An	ordinance to amend	Section 8	and Section 12.	of Ordinance No.	165	of the City of



Las	Vegas, entitled: "An ordinance to	prohibit gaming	and	operation of	slot machines	in the

City	of	Las Vegas, without	first obtaining a license	therefor, regulating	the same,	fixing

the amount of such license, providing, a penalty therefor, repealing ordinances Nos. 77,82,

88, 103 and 115, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read for a first time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause
and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 245 . The Clerk was directed to have
said Ordinance No. 245 published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas once each week for two consecutive weeks.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by commissioner Ronnow it was moved ana car-
ried that the following slot machine licenses be granted for the first quarter year:

Professional Drug 2, L and K Market 2, Boulder Drug 4, Sal Sagev Hotel Co 5, Sam Stearns 5,
Town Barbecue 3, Boulder Bar 4, C.L. Hennon 5 and Nancy Lee 1,. License to Nancy Lee granted only
with the provision that she place said machine in the Apache Indian Shop and not outside the en-
trance.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed until Monday the 16th
day of January, 1939 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JANUARY 16th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 16th day of
January 1939 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and
Clerk.

Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. W.P.A. appeared before the Board in regard to U.S. Senate Bill
No.S.2 setting aside certain grounds on the shore of Lake Mead for park and recreational purposes.
Mr. Mackey ask that the Board of Commissioners in the near future adopt a Resolution requesting
the United States Senate to adopt said Bill No.S.2 giving Southern Nevada this Park.

Mr. Mackey was informed that the Board would give this matter consideration at the next
meeting of said Board.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted: A.W. Blackman 13, Vegas Sweet Shoppe 36,

J.C.Wangsgard 2 and John Stathis 1. C L. Hennon 1.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Vegas Sweet Shoppe for the year 1939. Fee $25.00 per
quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that remands Nos. 82 to 87 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that A.L. Drew, City Electrical Inspector be granted leave of absence February 1st and 2nd, 1939 
to attend Electrical Inspectors school being held in San Diego California on that date. Allowance
for $40.00 being made for his expenses on said trip.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.