and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

A communication from the Lae Vegas, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce thanking this Board for its
cooperation in the matter of the paving of Fremont Street by using the Willite Process was
ordered placed on file.

At this time the Clerk presented the resignation of Commissioner Shield as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada. Dec. 2, 1924.

Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners of
Las Vegas:

I hereby tender my resignation as City Commissioner of Las
Vegas to take effect immediately as I am leaving the City indefinitely
to go to work at Los Angeles, Calif.

Thanking you all I wish to remain,

Yours truly,

C.R. Shield

Thereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,
that the resignation of Mr. Shield as City Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las
Vegas, be and the same is hereby accepted. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Mayor requested Mr. Elwell to take charge of the Water, Sewer and Light
Department temporarily.

At this time the Board proceeded with the proposed private sale of Four Thousand ($4,000.00)
Dollars Las Vegas Highway bonds, this being the amount required to complete the payment of the
share of the City of Las Vegas on the improvement of Main and Fremont Streets with Federal
Aid, said proposed sale having been (decided upon at a regular adjourned meeting of this
Board held on the 6th day of November, A.D. 1924.

The Clerk presented the following telegram from the State Board of Finance of the State of
Nevada:

Carson City, Nevada. Nov. 18, 1924.

Florence S. Doherty,

Clerk Board City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

We will purchase your Four Thousand Highway six percent bonds, same price
paid for Thirty Thousand last year namely five thirty basis, if agreeable
wire answer and ship bonds with draft attached for Four Thousand Dollars
plus Two Hundred Twenty Nine Dollars Sixty Cents premium and accrued
interest.

Ed Malley State Treasurer.

Whereupon, after due consideration, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Matzdorf, and unanimously carried, the following resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74 of the
Laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada, being am act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of
Nevada, entitled: An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of
Las Vegas to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and

providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any
such bonds," approved March 5,1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its bonds in a
sum not to exceed $50,000.00 for the purposes of constructing a highway through the City of Las
Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the requirements
of Secs. 2.3.4. and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada, the question of
the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00)
Dollars was submitted to the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark
State of Nevada, at a general election of said City of Las Vegas held in said City of Las Vegas on
the 8th day of May, 1923, notice of which election having been first duly given strictly as provided

by law, and at which election more than a majority of the votes east were in favor of the issuance