Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for
computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 55.20 for the street repair con-
tract, bids were received from the following firms:

WELLS CARGO INC.	$2,744.50

IDEAL ASPHALT	3,305.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public
Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to write a letter to the owners
of the Moulin Rouge, Inc. notifying them that they are not to reopen without clearing
the license with the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissionas

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer George E. Wade presented an easement from Jessie N. Hunt for St. Louis
Street and recommended that this deed be accepted.

On Motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wen-
dell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of October, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
l4th day of September, 1955; executed by Jessie N. Hunt, a widow, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purpose and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

City Engineer George E. Wade presented an easement from Walter K. Hughes for the
installation of a storm drain in Hyde Park No. 2 and recommended that this deed be
accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of October, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated the
29th day of September, 1955; executed by Walter K. Hughes and Trilma Laverne Hughes,
husband and wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

George E. Wade, City Engineer, presented a deed from Richard and Violet Swartz for the
widening of 25th Street, and recommended that this deed be accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of October, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the

BID NO. 55.20
Street Repair Contract
Bid Opening

MOULIN ROUGE
Liquor & Gaming
Licenses



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
St. Louis Street

Easement



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Hyde Park #2
Storm Drain

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
25th Street