The grantee may, upon giving ten days notice to that effect, alter or change

any of said routes, or the direction of travel thereon, or add new or 

different temporary or permanent	routes.	

Section	2.	

Stops shall be made at every other street intersection along said routes,	

upon signal for	pick-up or	discharge	of passengers.	

Section	3.	

Tolls and	Fares	

The toll shall be 10¢ for each continuous ride over one route. Such toll	

shall not be increased without consent of the	Board of Commissioners:	such	

tolls, however, may be temporarily reduced by	the grantee upon giving	five	

days’ notice of 	such reduction.	

Section	4.	

Equipment.	

(a)	The	 grantee	 shall	 provide modern	up	to	date	equipment 	which	will 	meet	all	

requirements	 of the	laws	of	the State	of	 Nevada,and	of	the	 Ordinances of	the	

City of Las Vegas, and will be of sufficient number to meet the demands of	

the public.	

(b)	All equipment will be maintained in good	and proper condition so	as to	

provide at all times safe, sanitary, neat and	comfortable service to the users.	

Grantee shall provide a centrally located garage within the City of Las Vegas,	

with	mechanics available during	all hours of service.	

Section 5.	

INSURANCE.	

(a)	Grantee shall at all times	during the life of this franchise, carry and	

keep	in effect public liability	insurance, for the protection of passengers	

and the public as to personal injuries and property damage.

(b)	Grantee will accept and at	all times comply with the terms and conditions	

of the Nevada Industrial Insurance Act, and any amendments or additions thereto. 

Section	6.	

Territorial	Limits.	

This franchise shall be in force within the limits of the City of Las Vegas,	

Nevada, as they now exist or may hereafter be enlarged.

Section 7.	

Grantee	shall	commence operations under this franchise	immediately	after the	

granting hereof.	

Section 8.	

Grantee will pay to the City of Las Vegas as the consideration for this	

franchise and as a condition for the granting thereof, the sum of $50.00 per	

quarter	year,	per each bus in	service, payable	on or	before	the	first	day of	

each January,	April, July and	October, in each	year.	

	A bus shall be deemed in service when it has been used in the transportation	

of passengers under this franshise, for a period of at least forty-five days	

during any three months period.	

oOo	

Commissioner Tinch moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted. Motion	

seconded by	Commissioner Rubidoux and	carried	by	the	following	vote:	

Commissioners	Rubidoux, Tinch and His	Honor, Mayor	pro	tem,	voting	aye;	

Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.	

TWA LEASE 	After the TWA lease was checked by the City Attorney, Mr. Austin, Commissioner	

Rubidoux moved that the TWA lease be granted and that the City Clerk and the	

Mayor be authorized to sign same and that the City Clerk bring the billing	

for the space in the airport building up to date and notify TWA that after	

this billing their rent is due and payable on the first of each month and	

they will not be billed by the City from now on. Motion seconded by	

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following	 vote:	Commissioners 	Rubidoux,	

Smith, Tinch and His Honor Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

TRAFFIC	At this time the Traffic Ordinance was referred to Mr. Austin, City Attorney,	

ORDINANCE         for revision.	

MILK ORDINANCE	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the amendment to the milk ordinance be denied.	

AMENDMENT		Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye;	

Commissioner Rubidoux voted no.

GAMING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of the Boulder Drug at 131	

BOULDER DRUG 	Fremont Ave. for six (6) slot machines be granted. Motion seconded by	

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the	following	vote:	Commissioners	

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes	

none.	