150

ADOPTED AND APPROVED by the unanimous vote of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof this 15th day of October, 1947,
the vote being as follows:

Voting "Aye" Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and Honor E. W. Cragin.

Voting "Nay": None
Absent:	None.

Attest: Helen Scott Reed	Approved; E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

Attest: Helen Scott Reed	Approved: E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

DISPOSAL AREA	Commissioner Moore moved that the City Manager be directed to negotiate

LAND ACQUISITION	with the Las Vegas Land & Water Company for the acquisition of 81 1/2 acres of

	land owned by them for additional disposal area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote*
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

GARBAGE BODY	Commissioner Whipple	moved that	the City Controller be directed	to issue

BIDS LET	bids for the sale of	two garbage truck bodies. Said bids to be	let so

	as to allow purchaser to purchase one or both of said bodies.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark. Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

APPOINTMENT	Mr. Murphy requested the Board to ratify the appointment of C. G. Petrie

CITY ENGINEER	as city engineer and	ex-officio	planning engineer. Thereafter,	Commissioner

	Moore moved that the	request of	Mr. Murphy be approved and that	C. Petrie

be appointed City Engineer, acting ex-officio Planning Engineer, to be
effective as of Nov. 1, 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by unanimous vote.

ADJOURNMENT	There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner

Whipple moved that the meeting adjourn until October 22, 1947 at the
hour of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, None.

ATTEST	APPROVED

City Clerk	 Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 22, 1947

Meeting held in Mayor's Chamber for the reason that the Council Room is
being used by the airlines. At a regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 22nd day of October, 1947, meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with
the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple;

City Manager J. M. Murphy; City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Baskin	moved that payroll claims #1293-1298 inclusive and

	1284 in the net sum	of $25,675.90 be approved and the Mayor and City	Clerk

be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote*
Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Baskin	moved that service and Material warrant #1299 in	the

WARRANTS	sum of $6,355.06 be	approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized	to

	sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

NOTICE OF COMPLETION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the city Manager be authorized to sign

SWIMMING POOL	Notice of Completion of the Central Swimming Pool when the completed