OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 7, 1928

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 7th day of June, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

- All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

All reports of City officers were read and approved.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

The Clerk presented the application of Wm. Bradley for a license to operate two gaming tables
in the City of Las Vegas to the Board, said application having been previously approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner and the license fee of $150.00 being paid. Upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried said application was approved and allowed and the Clerk directed to issue the
license.

The Clerk then presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of Second Street property
owners, said petition praying that second street be excluded from the assessment district now form-
ed for the paving of certain city streets. Said petition was referred to the City Attorney, who
ruled that said petition was filed too late and could not be considered.

Communications from the City Planning Commission and the Chamber of Commerce urging the passage
of the proposed paving ordinance were read and ordered filed.

A certain newspaper article bearing on the paving question was presented by Commissioner Ger-
man and read to the Board by the Clerk. The same was ordered filed.

Thereupon, Commissioner Smith moved as follows: That the proposed paving ordinance be laid over
until June 21, 1928; that a committee be formed,   composed of one member to be appointed by
the City Planning Commission, one member to be appointed by the Chamber of Commerce, two members
to be appointed from among the protestants against street paving, said committee to select a fifth
neutral member; that said committee, and the City Clerk, with the assistance of the City Attorney, write to the High-
way Departments of various states and cities for data on the oil bound gravel type of pavement;
that said committee and the City Clerk report to this Board at the adjourned meeting to be held on
June 21st. Motion seconded by Commissioner Neagle and carried upon the following vote: Commis-
sioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

George Hardman appeared on behalf of the Clark County Farm Bureau and requested this Board to
assist in the work of controlling the growth of puncture vine, whereupon, it was ordered upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried that the sum of $50.00 be appropriated to said Clark County Farm Bu-
reau for use in combatting the spread of puncture vine.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys collected by the
City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector, totaling $1240.00, be apportioned as follows:
the sum of $804.00 to the Police and Fire Fund, the sum of $402.00 to the General Fund and the sum
of $34.00 to the Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that this
meeting adjourn until the 21st day of June, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.