At this time the $3000.00 Las Vegas Highway Bonds 1928 Series were signed by the
Mayor and City Treasurer and attested by the City Clerk with the Seal of the City
thereon, for delivery to First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated, the
purchaser thereof.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the proper officers
of the City pay to the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada, the sum of
Twenty-Nine Hundred Four Dollars and Sixty-Nine Cents ($2904.69), upon the verified
statement heretofore presented to the City therefor, the sum to cover the estimated cost
to the City of the construction of the 16 ft. strip of Federal Aid Pavement through and
upon Main Street and Fifth Street in said City.

No further business appearing before the meeting, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, the same was recessed until Wednesday the 5th day of December, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

December 5th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of December, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney, Assessor and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



This being the time set for hearing of protests against the assessments on lots in
the City of Las Vegas for the paving of certain city streets in said City, the Clerk was
directed to read all written protests filed with him.

Whereupon the Clerk read a written protest from A. W. Ham relative to an apparent
mistake in the assessment against Lot 11, Block 2, Hawkin's Addition. It appearing to the
Board that the assessment amounting to $194.03 is an error and that the same should be
$144.03, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the Clerk
correct the Assessment Roll for Special Assessment No. 11 against the above named lot to
read $144.03 instead of $194.03.

The Clerk thereupon read the written protest of Caroline Shaw. This protest was
rejected upon the ground that it was a protest against the type of pavement and that the
time had passed for the hearing of such protests.

The Clerk then read the protest of Lucy Dittman, protesting against the assessment
charged to her on Lot 29, Block 1, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, on the ground that she was
not the owner of said lot. It appearing to the Board that Mrs. Dittman was not the owner
or in any manner interested in said lot, and it further appearing that James R. Johnson is
the owner of said lot, it was ordered that the Assessment Roll be corrected, and that the
assessment against said lot be charged to the said James R. Johnson instead of to Lucy
Dittman.

Mrs. Mary Nettles appeared and protested against the amount of assessment assessed
against several lots owned by her. This protest was rejected on the ground that the
assessment against said lots is not excessive, as charged by Mrs. Nettles.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was ordered
that said Assessment Roll No. 11 created for the paving of streets and erecting of curbs
in accordance with Ordinances No. 131 and No. 133, be, and the same is hereby confirmed
by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas as corrected on this 5th day
of December 1928, and that the City Clerk endorse on said roll the date and fact of said
confirmation. The vote on said resolution and motion was as follows: Commissioners
W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, aye; noes, none.

No further business appearing, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the
meeting was recessed to December 6th, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.	