OWENS AVENUE	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of Purchase Requisition No. 2200 to

IMPROVEMENT	Douglas Oil Company for 250 tons of SC-4 road oil to he used on the improvement 

Nellis Blvd. to	of Owens Avenue between Nellis Boulevard and 25th Street. Mr. Kennedy

25th Street	reported that this purchase had been approved at the May 7, 1958 Commission

meeting, and at that time it was thought that the purchase order should be
made to the County, who are furnishing the gravel and equipment as their
share in this improvement. However, it was now determined that the purchase 
order should be made direct to the company that is furnishing the oil.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2200 to Douglas
Oil Company for 250 tons of SC-4 road oil for the improvement of Owens Avenue 
between Nellis Boulevard and 25th Street in the approximate amount of
$8100.00 be approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

EFFLUENT DITCH	Mr. Kennedy requested that the purchase requisition to Lincoln Welding in the

Equipment Rental	amount of $3200.00, authorized at the May 7, 1958 meeting of the Commission be

Cancelled	cancelled. The City Manager stated that the operator of this equipment was

not qualified to operate the dragline to dig a ditch for the effluent waters,
and it was recommended that this requisition be cancelled until a qualified
operator can be found.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 85 to Lincoln Welding
in the total amount of $3200.00 for the rental of a dragline be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

COUNTY ASSESSOR	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of James Bilbray, County Assessor

Parking Space	for parking space on South 3rd Street between Carson and Bridger from June 1

through September 1, 1958 and January 1, 1959 through March, 1959. Mr. Kennedy
stated that the County requires space for license inspection, but that three
parking spaces had already been allocated As requested previously by Sheriff
Leypoldt. This matter was referred to the City Manager to work out a solution.

CASINO OPERATORS	City Manager Kennedy requested a meeting with the Commission relative to the

"GIVE-AWAYS"	"Give-away programs" in operation in the Downtown Clubs and the policy of the

Board in this regard,

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Bus Licenses	amendment to the license ordinance relative to the bus licenses, requested additional 

time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioner Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Electrical Code	Electrical Code, requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Taxi Ordinance	amendment to the Taxi Ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Liquor	amendment to the liquor ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

CODIFICATION	Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Commission that the two proposals

Proposals	for the recodification of the City Code and subsequent ordinances is still in

the City Attorney's Office for inspection by the members of the Board, and requested 
that they come in to look them over at their convenience.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 9:15
P.M. Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

5- 21-58