49

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and his Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

MINUTES		Commissioner Clark moved	that the Minutes of March 28 and April 7

	be approved by reference	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His honor voting

aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL	CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved	that Payroll Claims Nos. 1125, 1132 to 1140

	Inclusive in the net sum	of $22,627.00 be approved and the Mayor and

	City Clerk authorized to	sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.

WARRANTS	1141 to 1144 inclusive in the sum of $38,742.47 be approved and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote* Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

PETITION— Sewer	Commissioner Clark moved that the petition requesting extension of

Extension - Block 18	sewers in Block 18, Buck's Addition be referred to the City Manager

Buck's	Addition 	with instructions that if there are any other property owners in	that

	district who desire to make a connection to the sewer, that they	be

contacted for their reaction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

BIDS--Austin Western	Invitations to bid having been issued for the sale of one Austin

Grader 	Western Grader with McCormack-Dearing motor, and this being the

date set for opening said bids, the bid of Norman Shurtliff, Overton,
Nevada in the sum of $51.30 was the only bid received.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of Norman Shurtliff
be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioner Clark, chairman of the committee appointed to report on

NO. 331 - Dogs 	Ordinance No. 331, reported that at this time the Committee was not

	ready to submit the proposed ordinance and are holding it up for

further study.

DISPOSAL PLANT 	Commissioner Clark moved that the plans and site for the new disposal

plant as recommended by Ralph O'Neil in his report to the Board, dated
January 29, 1947, be approved; and further that the following resolution
to the Nevada State Department of Health be approved and forwarded to
said department together with the application:

R E SOLUTION

RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada that,
pursuant and subject to all of the applicable rules and regulations of the Nevada State
Department of Health, application by this City of Las Vegas be made to the Nevada State
Department of Health, for a permit to construct and operate a sewage treatment plant, at a
new location, for the treatment and disposal of municipal sewage wastes from the City of
Las Vegas and any contiguous territory which may in the future be admitted to the Las Vegas
Sewer System.

The proposed treatment to consist of primary settling and single stage "high-
rate" filtration with provision for post-chlorination, and shall include appurtenances for
a good intermediate treatment.

Final disposal to be by broad irrigation with waste overflow to Las Vegas Creek.

That the Mayor of said Board of City Commissioners be and is hereby authorized and
directed to cause the necessary date to be prepared, and investigations to be made, and
in the name of said City of Las Vegas to sign and file such application with the said State
Department of Health.

Passed and adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 22nd day of April, 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

SALARY--Officer Rowe	At this time City Manager T. E. Fennessy stated to the Board that

	Officer Rowe, who had been injured in line of duty, had not received