SWIMMING POOL —

Plans Revised

GAMING APPLICATIONS -
Additions

CLARK COUNTY DEPT. 
OF HEALTH - Resignation
Dr. T. E. Morgan

YOUTHTOWN - Westside
USO

FRONTIER TAXI CO.
Application Tabled

USO EQUIPMENT

flat fee of $2,000.00 for services relative to a study and 
report of the sewage collecting system and disposal plant for
the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Steve Runyan be paid $325.00
to revise the plans and specifications for the swimming pools,
which will include twelve sets of plans and specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

 Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

The following gaming applications were presented to the Board
for their consideration:

Quality Low Price Mkt.	121 No. Main	L. P. Lawrence	2	slots

Ray's Shell Service	125 So. 5th	Lee Hughes	1	slot

Esquire Bar	120 So. 2nd	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

Monte Carlo	15 Fremont	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

Boulder Club	118 Fremont	A. H. Stevenson, Jr.	1	slot

Ethel's Liquor Store #1	28 Fremont	Salzman & Gordon	1	slot

Ethel's Liquor Store #2	411 Fremont	Salzman & Gordon	1	slot

Mom's Lunch	1400 Fremont	V. H. Lancaster	1	slot

Main Liquor Store	412 So. 2nd	A. Kroloff	1	slot

City Drug	231 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1	slot

Dixie Waffle & Sandwich Shop 24 Fremont	Dave Sirotta	2 slots

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the resignation of Dr. Thomas
E. Morgan as Health Officer for the City of Las Vegas, as
per his letter of August 1, 1946, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City negotiate an arrangement wit
with Youthtown for the operation of the USO on Westside.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Lowell T.

Brown of the Frontier Taxi Company for an additional cab be
tabled until the next regular meeting, August 22, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the City
Manager relative to the swimming pool fund being used for
the purchase of USO equipment which is as follows: be approved:

MEMO TO

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS

SUBJECT:	SWIMMING POOL FUND	AUGUST 5, 1946

In setting up the Budget for 1946, $5000 was set up to provide
funds to operate the swimming pools. Since this operation will not take
place during the calendar year and since only a few hundred dollars of the
$5000 have been spent, it is recommended that the purchase of the U.S.O,
equipment and the purchase of the Federal Works equipment be charged against
this fund. Also, that a portion of the purchase of equipment be charged against
the existing Lion's Club Magician proceeds which were donated for recreation
equipment, and also against the trust fund which holds the balance of $637.64
left over from our Lee's Canyon operation.

We have spent in the neighborhood of $2000 in the maintenance of
Ball Parks, which is not otherwise provided for in the budget and it is 

suggested that we be allowed to make this allocation against this swimming pool
fund.

If the above arrangement is satisfactory to the Commissioners, the
writer will inform the Lions Club, by letter, that the proceeds of their show
have been used to purchase recreation equipment in the U.S.O. building. This
arrangement will make it unnecessary to "dip" into our Land Acquisition account,
for the purchase of Federal Works equipment in the U.S.O. building. This is
desirable since there is just barely enough in the Land Acquisition Account to
cover this purchase and there might be other demands on the Land Acquisition
Account for money during the balance of the calendar year.

Respectfully submitted,

s/ T. E. Fennessy______

City Manager