premises or on any of the public streets or alleys
in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or upon the roof of
any building therein, as an appropriate place there-
for will be prepared in the City Park.

2.	Automobile races will be held on the following
public streets ; From 1st street' on Fremont st.
to 5th street; along 5th street to Stewart Street ;
along Stewart Street to Main street; along Main
Street to Clark Street; along Clark street to 5th
Street; and, along 5th street to Stewart street,
and such races will be conducted beginning at
ten o'clock A.M. and ending about 12 o'clock noon
on said day, and all persons are warned to keep
off of said streets daring such hoars. Guards will
be stationed at each block along such race course
for protection.

Witness my hand and the seal of said city this
21st day of June, A.D. 1922.

W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, Ordi-
nance No. 92, entitled" An Ordinance regulating and Prohibiting the sale ,use and possession of
certain narcotic drags in the City of Las Vegas; prescribing a penalty for the violation there-
of and other matters relating thereto." Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Arnold, said ordinance was duly adopted upon the following vote: Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time an Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, 
Ordinance No. 93 entitled " An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture ,Storage, or Keeping, Sale or
other Disposal of Intoxicating Liquors in the City of Las Vegas; Regulating Other Matters
 Pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance , and Repealing
All Ordinance or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner
Hodgens seconded By Commissioner Arnold, said ordinance was duly adopted on the following vote;
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
that adjournment be taken until Wednesday, July 5th, 1922 at the hoar of seven o'clock p.m. Motion
of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton. Vote was as follows; Commissioners Hodgens
Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.