Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland. Noes none.

In the matter of the request of Steve Agurrie to place a sign across Fremont Street was
denied upon motion of Commissioner Brickie and seconded by Commissioner Martin. Voting Commissioners 

Martin, Brickie and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, Chas. Ireland, aye. Noes None.

It was moved by Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Martin that the surplus
sum of $153.75 in the Sidewalk Assessment Fund No. 7 be transferred to the Police and Fire
Fund, and the Clerk be and she is hereby, instructed so to notify the City Treasurer.

Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie and Anderson and his Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland aye.

Noes none.

It was moved by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that the sum of
$250.00 be transferred from the General Fund to the Street Fund and that the Clerk be and she
is hereby, instructed to so notify the City Treasurer. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie
and Anderson and His Honor, the Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the question of appointing a mayor in place of Mayor Chas.Ireland resigned,
came up before the Board. W.C.German was nominated by Commissioner Martin. It was then
moved by Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Anderson that the nominations be closed.
Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie & Anderson, and his Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland, aye. Noes
none.

Thereupon the name of W.C. German was presented to the Board for appointment to the position
of Mayor in place of Chas.Ireland resigned, to take effect upon the filing and approval of
good and sufficient bonds in the sum of One Thousand Dollars and the taking of the Oath of
Office. Whereupon the vote was taken as follows, Commissioners Martin, Brickie and Anderson
and His Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, Frank Brickie
was appointed Mayor Pro Tem. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Martin, and His Honor the
Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none. (Commissioner Frank Brickie not voting).

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Ball & Skinner for a gaming license


in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos.



R. Hodgens. Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Anderson
and duly carried, it was moved that the Gaming License be issued to said applicant. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson and His Honor, the Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan (Morgan & Stocker) for a
gaming license in the City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Com-
missioner Anderson and duly carried, it was moved that the Gaming license be issued to said
applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor , Chas.
Ireland aye. Hoes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the applicant ion of James Germain for a gaming license



in the City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos.

R. Hodgens. Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Anderson
and duly carried, it was moved that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of F.J. Pearce, for a gaming license
in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos.

R. Hodgens. Thereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson and duly carried that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Com-
missioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Joe Abascal for a gaming license in
the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos. R.
Hodgens. Whereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded bp Commissioner
Anderson and duly carried, that the gaming license bo issued to said applicant. Voting com—