Bridger street and through the alley of block 21, 22, 23, & 24, in said City of Las Vegas, here-
tofore granted by a resolution of said Board of Commissioners on the 26th, day of March, A.D.

1912. subject to the terms, condition and provisions contained therein.

In Witness whereof, Las Vegas Land and Water Company, has issued caused this acceptance
to be signed by its president and attested by its Secretary with its corporate seal affixed
this 13th day of April, 1912. in accordance with a resolution of its Board of Directors.
Attest:-	C.O. Whittmore, President

W.H. Comstock Secretary.

(SEAL)

It was then upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart ordered that said acceptance
be placed on file. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern
aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

The following Bill of R.B. Sproul was then read before the Board, To the value of two
Burrows converted and appropriated by said City and it s officials, 30.00 Dollars

To time and trouble to said Sproul occasioned in looking for such burros, $50.00 total
$80.00. and duly sworn to before W.R. Thomas Notary Public. after due consideration upon the
part of the Board it was upon motion by Stewart and seconded by McGovern and duly carried ordered
that the Clerk is instructed to draw a warrant in the sum of ten dollars and to tender the
said sum of ten dollars to R.B. Sproul, as this was the amount the said City received from
the sale of said burros. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye,
Mc Govern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time J.A. Delemater appeared before the Board and spoke on matters relating to the
Fire Department of said City followed by John Horden, Rev Palmer, and Frank Clark. J.A. Delemater

at this time presented to the Board the following resolution as adopted by the Citizens
mass meeting held April 29th, 1912. and asked that the same be read. the Clerk then read the
same full to the Board which appears as follows towit:- Las Vegas Nevada, April 29th, 1912.

To the Hon. City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen: At a citizens mass meeting held this date upon call of J..T. McWilliams
the following resolutions were endorsed and requested to be submitted to your Hon. body for
your kind consideration. Upon motion it was resolved to ask the City Commissioners in regular
session to provide this City with an organization of paid volunteer fire department for the
protection of life and property in this City, such organization to be perfected immediately.

It was further moved and seconded by that the proposed fire alarm system be installed
at once for the purpose of giving a proper alarm in case of fire in any part of the City.

The following committee was then appointed by the Chairman of the meeting to urge that
the above resolutions be properly presented to the Commission, viz: J.T. McWilliams,

Chairman, A.N. Pauff, J.A. Delameter, M.C. Thomas, Henery Squires, and E.A. Palmar. No further
business coming before this meeting it was regularly moved and seconded and carried, that
the said citizens mass meeting be adjourned.

Leonard Moore, Secretary.

At this time the members of the Board then informed the Citizens committee that they had
not received any notice of the resignations of said fire Company's whereupon Fire commissioner
Von Tobel at this time presented the following to said Board and stated that allthough the
same was addressed to the Citizens of Las Vegas Nevada it was to be treated as though it had
been addressed to the Board, as the said Fire Companies had resigned, the Clerk then read
the following to the Board in full. Las Vegas Nevada, To the Taxpayers and Citizens of Las Vegas
We the undersigned members of the Las Vegas Fire department hereby tender our resignations
as members of said Dept. to take effect at once, and while thanking the Citizens for their
loyal support in the past we deplore the necessity of this action through the unwarranted
smallnes of out City Commissioners. W.E. Sears, Capt. Hose Co. #2. W.E. Houck, Capt. No. 1.

Lenard Moore Sect. #2, F.W. Elliott Sect. E.W. Lewis #2, R.E. Rockwell C.W. Elloitt