ACRES ADDITION SUBDIVI-
SION

Tentative Map
Approved

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Lloyd Hobson

V-44-53

USE PERMIT
Mary Helen Brown

Commissioner Bunker then moved that all rules of the Board of Commissioners which might prevent,
unless suspended the final passage and adoption of said resolution at this meeting be, and the
same hereby is suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said
resolution at this meeting. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor	Baker

Those voting "Nay": None

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion, the presiding
officer declared said motion carried and rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said resolution be passed and adopted as read. Commissioner
Jarrett seconded the motion.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said resolution be passed and adopted as
read.

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor	Baker

Those voting "Nay": None.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners present having voted in favor thereof,
the same motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed and adopted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of the Acres Addition Subdivision be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission concerning the application of Lloyd
Hobson to construct a l4.-un.it apartment building within 5 feet of the side property line, when
8 feet is required at 1422 South 2nd Street, be denied was presented for consideration.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Lloyd Hobson to construct a 4-unit apartment build-
ing within 5 feet of the side property line, as recommended by the Planning Commission, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioner Jarrett,
Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

A letter appealing the decision of the Planning Commission having been received from Mr. Lloyd
Hobson, was presented at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the appeal of this decision be held
July 29, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission regarding the application of Mary Helen
Brown to establish and maintain a chiropractic office at 302 South 4th Street was considered
at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 10th day of June, 1953, Mary Helen Brown filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to operate and maintain a Chiropractic office in
an R-4 (Apartment Residence) Use District on property located at 302 South Fourth Street between
Bridger and Lewis Avenues on Lots 31 and 32, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; and

WHEREAS, on June 25, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for use permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protest-
ing the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on June 25, 1953, The Regional Planning Commission approved the application inasmuch
as they felt this use would not be detrimental to the surrounding property values in the area;
and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on July 1, 1953,
recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Mary Helen Brown be granted a Use Permit to operate and maintain a Chiropractic office
in an R-4. (Apartment Residence) Use District on property located at 302 South Fourth Street
between Bridger and Lewis Avenues on Lots 31 and 32, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, be and the
same hereby is accepted.

7-1-53