Office of the City Clerk, September 25th, 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held September 18th, 1912
held pursuant to adjournment: present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor and Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin,

Mc Govern, and Commissioners Von Tobel. meeting called to order all present.

All freight Bills and claims against the sewer allowed by the Board as appears from the files
of the Clerk of this Board.

Upon motion of commissioner Von Tobel and seconded by Commissioner Mc Govern the following
Preamble and Resolution were duly adopted: Whereas, it appears to this Board that the levy
of a tax of One dollar on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property in the City of
Las Vegas, made for the year 1912. by this Board on the 7th, day of February A.D. 1912. and
also levied by the Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark State of Nevada On the
first Monday in March, 1912. at the reguest and direction of this Board will result in the
collection of a revenue in excess of the requirements of the City of Las Vegas for the current
year. Now Therefore, Be it resolved that the rate of said tax so previously fixed at one dollar
on each one hundred Dollars worth of taxable property in the City of Las Vegas, be and the
same is hereby reduced to seventy cents on each one hundred Dollars of the taxable property in
the City of Las Vegas, and Be it Further resolved that the Board of County Commissioners Of Clark
County be and is hereby authorized and directed at it meeting to be held on the first Monday
of October , 1912. to reduce the rate of such levy in accordance with this resolution , and
Be it further Resolved that the City ClerK be and he is hereby authorized and directed to transmit
and deliver to said Board of County Commissioners a certified copy of this resolution forthwith, 

the vote on said resolution being as follows : Commissioners Mc Govern, Coughlin, Stewart
Von Tobel, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. No. Noes.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing of objections to ordinance No. 33.

and after through and due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of

Coughlin and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that the request of the liquors



dealers protesting against last half of section 10, and the whole of 13 and 15 be rejected the vote being
cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, von Tobel, aye, and hi s
honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

At this time Commissioner Coughlin presented to the Board a proposition to the Board
of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company relative to the lighting of streets in the
said City of Las Vegas, and after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing
to the Board that said proposal is indenfent and does not set forth the facts sufficient to
justy the Board in taking any action on the same at this time it was upon motion of Mc Govern
and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the matter be referred back to the Commissioner 

Coughlin with instructions to get further information on the same, the vote being
cast as follows towit: Stewart , aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his
honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that the
City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to write to J.E. Hicks and request that he release the
City from his bid relating to the installing of a fire alarm system in said City: the vote
being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and
his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye. there being no further business before the Board it was
upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Board adjourn until Monday the 30th, at
8 o'clock P.M..