any time before the time set for said hearing.

Dated this 16th day of November, A. D., 1928.

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

and that such notice be published in Las Vegas "REVIEW", a tri-weekly newspaper published at
Las Vegas, Nevada, for two weeks.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
Roy Neagle and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes, None.

After a discussion as to the present status of the Municipal Judge of this City it was
resolved, upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, that it be the sense of
this Board that no increase be made in the salary now being paid to said Judge, and it was
further resolved that this matter be laid over for further discussion at the next regular
meeting.

No further business appearing, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the meeting
was recessed to November 19th, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 19th, 1928.

At a recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of November, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners, O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that there be, and there is hereby created a special fund to be known as
"Main Street Special Widening Fund", for the purpose of the handling of the funds in connection
with the improvement of 16 ft. on each side of the 18 ft. of Federal Aid Highway of said Main
Street, being made at the present time by the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the sum of Six Hundred and Five Dollars ($605.00) collected
by the Street Commissioner be deposited in said special fund and that the sum of Eleven Hundred
Thirty-Eight Dollars and Fifty Cents ($1138.50) be transferred from the General Fund of the
City to said Special Fund, being One Hundred Seventy-Six Dollars ($176.00) cost to the
City for the construction of street intersections and Nine Hundred Sixty-Two Dollars and
Fifty Cents ($962.50) to be paid by Las Vegas Land and Water Company for the improvement of the
west strip on said street; it being understood that when said sum of Nine Hundred Sixty-Two
Dollars and Fifty Cents ($962.50) is paid by said Las Vegas Land and Water Company that the
same be re-transferred from said Special Fund to the General Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this resolution be furnished to the City
Treasurer.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the proper officers of the City draw a warrant in favor of the
Department of Highways of the State of Nevada for the cost of said improvement, upon presentation
of the statement of such cost made by said Department of Highways and approved by the
Street Commissioner and Finance Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C.
German, and his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, None.

No further business appearing, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the meeting
was recessed to November 22nd, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.