PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Moore moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1120-1122 inclusive in

the net sum of $24,717.4-6 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
	authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Moore moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1935 to

WARRANTS	1938 inclusive in the total amount of $24,588.22 be approved and the Mayor

and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried, by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting ayej noes,
   none.

RESOLUTION - Accepting     On motion of Commissioner Peccole, duly seconded by Commissioner Moore
Deed - Oakey Blvd.                and carried unanimously the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

	BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of April, 1950, by the Board of

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,

	that the deed, dated the l?th day of April, 1950, executed by E. 0. and

Loreine Underhill to the City of Las Vegas, Comity of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is herely accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of tte Cdtopty
Recorder of the.County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records
of this Board.

JUNK YARD REMOVAL         Commissioner Whipple moved the action of the City Manager regarding the

removal of the Junk Yard on B and Wilson be approved and the City Manager

	instructed to notify the people on petition of said action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

ALLEY R/W	-	13th &	Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be instructed to renegotiate for

14th - Ogden &	the right of way of the alley parallel with 13th & 14th Streets between Ogden

Stewart	and Stewart.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

HIGHLAND PARK	Commissioner Moore moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning

Zone Variance	Commissioner regarding the denial of Mr. Cosper's request for zone variance

	in Highland Park Tract be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and lost by the following vote:
Commissioners Moore and Peccole voting aye; voting no, Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple and His Honor.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE      Commissioners Bunker and Peccole, committee for recommendation on the
Pawnbrokers	proposed ordinance amending the pawnbrokers ordinance, asked for additions 1

	time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Moore and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Tree Planting	ordinance regarding the planting of trees, asked for additional time before

	reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE - Commissioner Moore moved the proposed ordinance allowing fireworks to be
Fire Works	sold in the City, submitted by the American Legion, be rejected due to the

	fact that they are fire hazards and for safety purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION      Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of
El Cortez	the Police Department on John J. McMahon, the gaming application of J. Kell

Houssels, Chas. Fescher and John J. McMahon for one "21" game and one roulette
	be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye:
noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS     At this time the following renewal gaming applications for the second
Renewals	quarter of 1950 were presented to the Board for their consideration:

COOLEY'S 1st STREET	GROCERY	Avery	E. Cooley	631 South 1st	2	slots

H & B ALL NITE MARKET	D. M.	Hoopes &

L. L.	Brown	1619	Fremont	2	slots

Joe's LUNCH	Joe Levine	119	North 1st	1	slot

LU ROY'S	Roy Moran	311	North Main	1	slot

PHILLIP'S TEXACO	Geo. Phillips	901	South 5th	3	slots

SMITH'S DRIVE INN	Bert Smith	301	Stewart	3	slots

WESTERN LIQUOR	O. W.	Glenn	#6	E. Charleston               1	slot

TOPPER'S KITCHEN	Vegas	Enterprises	419 South 5th	3	slot