PLANNING AND ZONING
ORDINANCE
Amendment

TRAILER PARKS

Report

SUNSET MANOR

Tentative Map

BINGHAM TRACT
Tentative Map

 FRANCISCO PARK #2
Tentative Map

GLENN C. BARBE, JR.
Detective Agency
License

KILBURY MFG. CO.

Gas Heaters

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE PLANNING AND ZONING ORDINANCE

OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ORDINANCE NO. 378, ALSO REFERRED TO AS CHAPTER 24,

SECTION 28 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, was read by title and referred to Com-
missioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation. His Honor said the purpose of
this proposed amendment is to clarify that section of the ordinance applying to
Use Permits.

Mr. Franklin Bills presented the report of the Planning Commission regarding
trailer parks. This proposal is particularly intended to alleviate conditions
on the Westside. The Board took the matter under advisement.

Mr. Franklin Bills said the Planning Commission has approved the tentative map
of Sunset Manor. He said this tentative map was also approved by the County
Planning Commission but was not recorded and in the meantime the area has been
annexed to the City. Mrs. Marjorie M. Lawson was present to represent the
subdivider.

Commissioner Whipple moved the approval of this tentative map as recommended by
the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp passed his vote because his firm is the architect for Mr. Bisno
on the Moulon Rouge. Commissioner Jarrett indicated he handles some insurance for
these people. Commissioner Bunker said he wished to declare he had sold some
property to Mr. Bisno. His Honor indicated he sold some land to Mr. Bisno but he
has no interest in this property.

At this time the tentative map of Bingham Tract was presented to the Board.

Mr. Bills said this tentative map was approved by the Planning Commission subject
to the subdivider and the School Board reaching an agreement as to a school site.

Commissioner Sharp moved approval of the tentative map of Bingham Tract subject
to the provisions of the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker indicated he had handled some houses for Mr. Bingham.

The tentative map of Francisco Park #2 was presented to the Board. Commissioner
Sharp said he would not take part in discussion or voting on this tract as he has
been approached regarding architectural work on the project.

Mr. Hartke was present representing the subdivider. Mr. Bills said that the
Planning Commission had approved this tentative map subject to the subdivider
entering into an agreement with the School Board for a school site and the rezoning
of this property to R-1 with the exception of that portion which fronts on
San Francisco Avenue.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Francisco Park #2 be approved
subject to the conditions of the Planning Commission and that a connection of
Chapman Drive through to St. Louis be made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett indicated that he writes insurance on Francisco Park #1
but that he has no interest in this tract.

The application of Glenn C. Barbe, Jr. for a Detective Agency License was dis-
cussed. Chief Kennedy said the Police Department has approved this applicant.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Glenn C. Barbe, Jr. for a Detective
Agency License be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time there was discussion on the Kilbury Manufacturing Company's gas
heater, the Board of Appeals having denied the application of Kilbury Manufacturing
Company because the heaters do not comply with the Warm Air Heating Code. Mr. Sam
Bush was present representing the applicant.

Mr. Bush requested a special materials permit because the gas heater does not
comply with the Warm Air Heating Code. He was referred to the City Manager for
proper procedure on this application.

The following liquor applications for change of ownership were considered:

 PHIL'S LIQUOR STORE	Dennis Schumacher	521	Carson Ave.	Retail Liquor

(Formerly Phil Cummings)	(Miniature)

 THE SKILLET	John Godde	1519	So. Main	Rest. Bev.

(Formerly James Page)

 THE LITTLE KITCHEN	Charles W. Ross, Jr.	1608	Fremont	Rest. Bev.

(Formerly Kay Bell)

Commissioner Sharp moved approval of the foregoing applications. The motion died
for lack of a second.

Commissioner Bunker moved approval of the following new cigarette application for
the 4th quarter, 1954:

11-17-54