OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 10th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.	

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meetings of December 1st, December 3rd, and December 4th read and approved
as read.

Commissioner Smith was appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance
Commissioner owing to the absence of that officer.

Mr. P.A. Simons appeared before the Board and ask that some of the streets on the
Westside be graveled. The matter was referred to Commissioner Smith for investigation.

The Board next discussed the matter of securing suitable offices for the Clerk, and a
room in which the meetings of the Commissioners could be held.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 12th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 12th, 1930.



At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 12th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P; M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas.

A letter from the County Clerk written at the direction of the Board of County Com-
missioners, was read to the Board of City Commissioners asking that the City vacate the
room in the County Court House, that is now used as an office for the City Clerk, as the
County offices are crowded for space.

After some discussion the Clerk was directed to write to the Board of County Com-
missioners and ask that Honorable body to meet with the Board of City Commissioners at
a meeting to be held in the near future to see what arrangements could be made with the
County for office space in the Court House.

The application of H. C. Keyes, for permit to install lay down, and maintain a gas
plant and system in the City of Las Vegas was filed with the Board.

Mr. A. W. Ham, attorney for Mr. Keyes also appeared before the Board on behalf of

Mr. Keyes.

After some discussion by the Board inregards to a Resolution passed some time ago
requiring any one to file a Surety Bond of $5,000.00 with the Board insuring them of the
good intentions of the part interested, and Mr. Keyes stating that he was willing, and
would rather file with the Board a cash bond of $1,000.00 instead of the $5,000.00, a
surety bond the following Resolution was passed:

Resolved, that whereas this Board of City Commissioners did on the 20th day of March,
at a recessed regular meeting passed the following Resolution, Upon motion of Commissioner
German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell; "Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board
that no permit for use of streets, alleys and public places in the City for gas mains
and appliances and appurtenances be granted to any applicant, except on the terms that at
the time of the acceptance of such permit a surety company bond in the liquidated amount
of $5,000.00 be furnished to the city guaranteeing the fulfillment of the terms of the
permit and particularly that the work be commenced within such time as the Board may fix
after certificate of Public Convenience is obtained and that such certificate shall be
obtained within such time as is provided in such permit, and that work shall be prosecuted
with diligence there after," The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
German, Hansell, Smith, and the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None,

Now therefor be it the sense of this Board that said Resolution be rescinded.

Said Resolution introduced by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Ger-
man, vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German, the foll-
owing Resolution was introduced and passed: