Commissioner Tinch moved to hire three men namely: A. L. Fredericks, Ray Dunlap, S. C.
Mathison to fill vacancies occurring in the police department. Further that Jimmy

Hartford be hired as an extra man at $6.00 per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed agreement, with the changes as recommended by
the city attorney, between the city of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Land & Water Company
for a site for the sewerage disposal plant be approved and accepted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city electrical inspector be raised from $175 to $200
per month, beginning May 1st, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the salary of the chief of police be raised from $240 to
$250 per month, beginning as of May 1st, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

At the hour of 11:00 P.M., the meeting adjourned until May 16, 1942 at the hour of 10:00
A. M.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MAY 16, 1942
10:00 A. M.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of May, 1942.
Meeting called to order by Mayor Pro Tem, C. R. Clark, with the following members present:
Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch. City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Absent: Mayor Garrison and Commissioner Smith.

Reading of the Minutes were dispensed with until Monday, May 18, 1942.

Commissioner Tinch moved that warrants 681 to 684 inclusive be approved and the Mayor and
city clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mayor pro tem Clark appointed Commissioner Tinch to sign the payroll for Commissioner Smith.

Thereafter, Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until May 18, 1942 at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by unanimous vote.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MAY 18, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 18th day of
May, 1942. Meeting called to order by Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.,
with the following members present: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch. City
Attorney, Paul Ralli, Purchasing Agent, LeRoy Whipple, City Auditor, A. W. Blackman and
city clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the previous meetings of May 5th and 16th were read.

Said minutes were ordered amended to show that the Mayor passed his vote on the purchase of
a lawn mower for the cemetery department for consideration. After consideration re-opened
said motion and voted yes. Further ORDERED corrected to show that Mr. Fredericks, Dunlap
and Hartford were hired in the police department to replace men who had left the force.

Mr. Matheson was hired on special assignment. Thereafter the Minutes were approved as
amended and corrected.

Commissioner Smith presented the following written statement prepared by himself which was,
at his request, ORDERED spread on the Minutes.

"This has reference to Mayor Garrison passing his vote on a motion to purchase a
lawn mower from the lowest bidder at a recessed meeting held May 5, 1942 and before adjourn-
ment of said meeting, after consultation with the city attorney and others, changing his
vote which reversed the status of the motion throwing sale to the highest bidder.

At a Board Meeting held June 11, 1941 I offered a suggestion along with several
others, as follows:

'Since there does not seem to be any established "ORDER OF BUSINESS" nor "RULES OF
ORDER" governing conduct of our meetings, in order that we may proceed in an orderly fashion,

thereby expedite transaction of the business of our meetings, I respectfully suggest for
your consideration, adoption of "ROBERT'S RULES OF ORDER" as a governing factor of our Board

	