BID NO. 59.50	Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.50 for Fire Hose be awarded to John	F.

Fire Hose	Wardlaw Fire Equipment, 8508 Sheridell Avenue, Pico Rivera, California, in the

amount of $4,970.00.

Award

John F. Wardlaw	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID NO. 59.06	Director of Public Works Sauer presented a request from the Acme Electric Company,

Street Lighting;	308 Wall Street, contractor for Bid No. 59.06 for the Street Lighting System on

Sunrise Avenue	Sunrise Avenue, for an extension of time to August 6, 1959, for the completion of

this contract.

Approved Extension

of Time	Mr. Sauer explained that this work has been delayed due to clearing of right-of-way

by the Southern Nevada Power Company and the removal of telephone cables by the
Southern Nevada Telephone Company. He added that it was expected that the utility
companies would be completed with this work within ten days allowing the contractor
to proceed with the street lighting installation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that an extension of time to August 6, 1939, be granted to
the Acme Electric Company for the completion of Bid No. 59.06 for the Street Lighting
System on Sunrise Avenue subject to the approval of the bonding company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

LICENSE AGREEMENT	Director of Public Works Sauer requested that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized

(Water Line)	to sign license agreement with Marie Lawton for five feet of right-of-way for water

Marie Lawton	line purposes along the west property line of Bonanza Fire Station; license to be

for an indefinite term but terminable upon 90 days written notice by either party.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that this license agreement be approved and Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

RIGHT-OF-WAY EASEMENT            Commissioner Fountain moved that a six foot right-of-way easement for power poles
Southern Nevada	from Vegas Drive to a reservoir pumping station at the Municipal Golf Course from

Power Company	the City of Las Vegas to the Southern Nevada Power Compary be approved and the Mayor

and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

GRANT, BARGAIN AND	The Commission considered the approval of Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed on Option #1

SALE DEED	with the Housing Authority for the sale of property generally located at 28th Street

Housing Authority	and Charleston Boulevard. It was requested that Mayor and City Clerk be authorized

to sign this deed so that escrow could be entered into for delivery upon receipt of
Approved	payment.

Mr. Louis G. Biel, 2502 Sunrise Avenue, addressed the Board stating that he was a
property owner in this area and that he would like to protest the sale of this 
property to the Housing Authority and he did not approve of this action.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple advised him that the Commission was just acting on the option
to sell this property to the Housing Authority and a public hearing would be held by
the Planning Commission when rezoning application was made.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed be approved for
Option #1 with the Housing Authority for the sale of property generally located at
28th Street and Charleston, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same
with the understanding that a public hearing will be held for the rezoning when such
application is made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote by reason that his firm is doing business with
the Housing Authority. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

Later at this meeting Mr. James Hogan, 2528 Sunrise Avenue, asked if this matter
could not be reconsidered. He was of the opinion that in selling this land to the
Housing Authority of the Federal Government, there was no doubt that it was to be
used for low-cost housing units and this would be ruinous to the surrounding 
property owners.

City Attorney Calvin Cory stated the City was legally bound to sell this property
under the option agreement entered into several months ago. Mr. Hogan asked why
they were not notified and Mr. Cory advised him the City could sell property to
anyone and was not required to serve notices or hold public hearing.

After some discussion it was decided that the Housing Authority should be notified
of these protests before escrow was entered into.

LAS VEGAS VALLEY WATER	Commissioner Sharp moved Agreement #243-205 between the City of Las Vegas and the Las

DISTRICT AGREEMENT	Vegas. Valley Water District and the Bill of Sale which was a part thereof for the

purpose of reimbursing the City for a portion of money expended for the installation
Lions Club Park	of the Lions Club Park Water Line, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

Water Line	to sign same.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;

7-1-59