WESTSIDE STREET
LIGHTING
Bid No. 54.20

CHARLESTON PARK
Agreement to
Furnish Property

PARADISE PLAZA
Final Map

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 2
Final Map

MCNEIL TRACT NO. 3
Final Map

SCOTCH "80" ADDN
(ReSubdivision)
Final Map

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

"I" & Adams Streets



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W Deed

Adams, Highland & M. Sts.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the aforementioned bids be referred to the City
Manager for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the matter of a street lighting system on Westside.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that bids on Bid No. 54.20 for the construction
of the Westside Street Lighting be opened on July 7, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the proposal of Charleston Park Mutual Homes for a
one year option to the City for the purchase of a portion of Block 6, Charleston Park
Tract No. 2 for a Park Site, at cost plus street improvements plus 15% of the
improvements and utility costs; approximately $43,604.47

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the aforementioned proposal of Charleston Park
Mutual Homes be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the approval of the final map of Paradise Plaza.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this final map of Paradise Plaza be approved
subject to the filing of a Surety Bond in lieu of a personal property bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker passed his vote, stating that his associate had an interest
in this subdivision.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Charleston Heights No. 2 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of McNeil Tract No. 3 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the final resubdivision map of the Scotch
"80" Addition.

Discussion was held on this matter and the Commission decided to hold it in
abeyance for further study.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for
street purposes on "I" and Adams Streets, dated the 16th day of June, 1954, and
executed by B. M. and Arlie M. Jones

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
16th day of June, 1954, executed by B. M. and Arlie M. Jones to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street
purposes on Adams Street, "M" Street and Highland Avenue, dated the 16th day of
June, 1954, executed by B. M. and Arlie M. Jones.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated the
16th day of June, 1954, executed by B. M. and Arlie M. Jones to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

6-16-54