CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING___

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Wednesday the 17th
day of February, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon
the following business:

1.	To consider and act upon Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3, Project.

Dated this 17th day of February, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING____

TO— L.L. Arnett Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE; That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office,
Wednesday the 17th day of February, 1937, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to
consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To consider and act upon Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3. Project.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.L. Perry	H.P. Marble

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 17th day of February 1937,

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry, City Attorney and Clerk, also City Engineer.

On motion of commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that letters in the following forms be forwarded to The State Director of Public Works in Reno:

February 16, 1937.

State Director,

Public Works Administration,

Reno, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

Enclosed herewith please find three copies of a proposed resolution
to be adopted by the City relating to Engineering Costs proposed to be included in the costs
of Las Vegas Street Improvements, designated PWA Docket Nevada 1021-D.

The City Charter Sec. 5½, creating the office of City Engineer, states as follows:

"The Board of City Commissioners may create the office of City Engineer. the city engineer
shall be appointed by the board of city commissioners, and shall receive such compensation
as may be fixed by said board. The city engineer shall perform all the engineering and sur-
veying required by the city, in the carrying on of any public works and improvements, and
prepare all estimates, plans and specifications of any public improvements or sidewalks...

Said city engineer may be allowed such deputies, assistants or clerks, as in the judgment of
the Board of commissioners may be necessary; such deputies, assistants or clerks to be paid
such compensation as may be fixed by said Board of commissioners.... He shall report to the
board of commissioners from time to time and whenever required, and shall perform such other
and further duties as may be required by the board of commissioners of which may be prescribed
by ordinance."

As stated in the resolution, the practices has been to have engineering work involving
additional work and responsibilities performed on a regular percentage basis. This has been
the case in the 1929 and 1931 Street Improvement districts and in the sewer construction
projects from 1932 to 1934; work in relief sewer construction during 1934 and 1935 an addit-
ional salary was allowed the City Engineer for construction of a project on which plans had
previously been prepared. Percentage fees on improvement district projects have varied from
six to nine per cent, and salary increases during construction up to 80% more than the regular
 salary.