Commissioners guarantee to reimburse them for all their expenses for the trip in
compliance with Ordinance 240 and the motion recorded in the Minutes under date of
July 5th, 1941. Seconded By Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
	Commissioner Clark moved that the police department be allowed enough to install

a heater in the Studebaker. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none. Commissioner Smith passed.

 Commissioner Clark moved that we adjourn until January 12, 1942 at the hour of
7:30 P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 12, 1942

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 12th day

of January, 1942, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Meeting called to order by Honorable Howell C. Garrison, Mayor, with the following
members present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux, city attorney, Paul Ralli
and city clerk, Helen Scott.

This meeting was called for the purpose of going over the budget for 1942.

A. L. Worswick appeared before the board in regard to the matter of clearing
the upper end of the airfield, at McCarran Field, to make room for additional landing
field. He stated further that it was the request of the Army that if an administration
building is erected that it be placed outside of the fence.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the golf course, swimming pool, tennis court,
city park and all recreational activities be placed under the supervision of the recreat-
ional Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner
Tinch.

A. W. Blackman, City Auditor, presented said proposed budget to the Board.
Commissioner read a written report, prepared by himself, setting forth his

recommendations to the Board on the proposed budget for 1942.

Commissioner Smith moved that the changes made in the proposed budget be

approved and the city auditor authorized to prepare said budget in accordance therewith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for business licenses as recommended

by the auditor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that bids be sent out on equipment for the new city

Hall as outlined by the City Auditor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bill of Hampton Bros. for $231.84 for street
signs be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.