SALARY RAISES
Approved

ARCHITECT FOR BATH HOUSE

TENTATIVE SUB-DIVISION MAP
McNeil Property - Section 5
Township 21, So., Range 61 E.

MANGANESE ORE HOUSES
to be situated in
Residential Zones
1 and 2.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of April, 1946, by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,

That the deed dated the 30th of March, 1946, executed by H. W. Polk, to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property 

described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deed and the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder, of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the raise
in salary of the telephone operator from $150 to $160 per
month. Also a raise for the law clerk from $200 to $250
per month, $50 of the law clerk's salary to be paid from
the Engineering budget, said raises to be effective as of
April 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be 

authorized to negotiate with Richard Stadelman, as architect
on the bath house at the swimming pool.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the revised tentative map
of the McNeil Property, Section 5, Township 21, So., Range
61 E., be approved according to the recommendation of the
Planning Commission, which are as follows.

CONDITIONS

1. Streets

A.	Graded and surfaced - 30 feet minimum paving width. Such
width may include 24' of pavement surface with 3' oil-penetrated

shoulders. City Engineer to approve all profiles, sections and
  construction specifications.



B.	The Street indicated on the west boundary
of this tract is not essential or necessary
in the city street system and may he eliminated
from the final sub-division map.



G. Electrical

All construction is to comply with specifications
of City Engineer’s Office

It is further recommended that the owner or developer
of the sub-division shall, concurrently with the approval of
a final sub-division map by the Board of City Commissioners,
enter into an agreement with the City, agreeing to complete
improvements designated. If the designated improvements have
not been completed within an agreed period of time, and
extension may be authorized at the discretion of the Board or
the Board shall cause improvements to be completed in accordance
with the terms of the aforesaid agreement. Such agreement
should be secured by a good and sufficient performance bond
or other negotiable guarantee, in an amount not in excess of
the cost of the improvements, and approved by the Board of
City Commissioners. Any application for the release of any
such bond or guarantee shall be accompanied by a certificate
by the City Engineer stating that all required improvement
work has been satisfactorily completed in accordance with the
terms of said agreement and no such bond or guarantee should
be released or returned until such a certificate shall first
have been filed with the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission for the location of Manganese Ore
houses be approved as follows: