97

*****	(3-26-58)	RESOLUTION OF COMMENDATION

RESOLUTION OF

COMMENDATION	WHEREAS, CLARENCE R. PEFLEY II, on the 20th day of February, 1958, 

	prevented a possible loss of life or injury to persons and property by driving his

own vehicle in front of an unmanned police motorcycle which was careening wildly
through a school zone on South Fifth Street in the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, his actions were made without thought to his own personal
safety but in the desire to protect persons in the vicinity who were unaware of
impending danger, and

WHEREAS, his actions are a credit to the youth of the community and
show unusual alertness and quick thinking for one who is only 17 years of age, and

WHEREAS, his actions are worthy of public commendation.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 26th day of
March, 1958, that the said Board of Commissioners, by this resolution, publicly
commend CLARENCE R. PEFLEY II for the prevention of possible loss of life or injury 
to persons and property without regard to his own personal safety by driving
his own Vehicle in front of an unmanned police motorcycle which was careening
wildly through a school zone on South Fifth Street in the City of Las Vegas on
the 20th day of February, 1958.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed 
to spread a copy of this resolution on the Minutes of the books of said
City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to send a copy of this resolution of commendation to Clarence R. Pefley II of 213
E. Lewis Street, Las Vegas, Nevada.

DATED this 26th day of March, 1958.

XX X--X-XX-X X-X XX X*-X-X'X X X X X XXX XX XX X X XXXXXXX X'X X-XXX'X'X'X X-X'X X'X X X X XX X X X X-XXX X-X-X'X'X XXXXXXX XXXX XXX

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 2, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 2nd day of April, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Director of Public Works	Richard Sauer

Works Engineer	Victor B. Uehling

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT	Mayor Baker announced that this was the continuation of the public hearing on the

NO. 200-20	creation of Improvement District No. 200-20 for the installation of sewer in the

Hearing Continued	alley of Block 6, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition Tract No. 4.



City Manager Kennedy requested that this hearing be continued until the next 
regular meeting of the Commission.

Commissioner Fountain moved this hearing be continued until April 16, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

REZONING - Z-10-57	This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal by property owners

John H. Clark	of the approval of the application of John H. Clark for the rezoning of the unnumbered 

Public Hearing on	portion of Block 8, Amended Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-4 to C-2, His

Appeal	Honor asked if there was anything new to be brought before the Board that has

	not already been considered.

Mr. Paul Strang of 201 Spencer appeared before the Commission and stated that he
still objected to this rezoning.

Mr. Bill Wright of 220 South Bruce also appeared, and stated that Mr. Clark had
purchased this property less than five years ago and knew what the zoning was at
that time. Mr. Wright said that there was no hardship involved in this matter,
and requested that the Commission not allow the rezoning.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he and other members of the Board had met
with the Planning Commission last night on this matter, and had personally inspected
 this property on three occasions.

Commissioner Fountain moved the appeal of this rezoning be denied and the 
rezoning of the unnumbered portion of Block 8, Amended Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-4 to
C-2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

(3-26-58) 4-2-58