252

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

RESIGNATION --- Commissioner Clark moved that the resignation of Helen Scott Reed,

City Clerk	City Clerk be accepted effective June 30, 1948



Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and his Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

APPOINTMENT —	Commissioner Whipple moved that Shirley Ballinger be appointed to the

City Clerk	office of city clerk to fill the vacancy created by the resignation

of Helen Scott Reed; said appointment to be effective as of July 1,

	1948.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote;
Commissioner Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until June 30 at the
hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 30, 1948

A regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 30th
day of June, 1948 was called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at
the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin; City Manager
J. M. Murphy, City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and Deputy City Clerk
Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin and City Clerk Helen

Scott Reed.

PETITION —	There appeared before the Board at this time a committee representing

Dry Cleaners	the Las Vegas Dry Cleaners Association and	individual	owners	of dry

Re:	License	Fees	cleaning establishments in the City of Las	Vegas relative to	their

petition dated June 28, 1948, filed with the City Clerk on June 29,

	1948. Said petition concerning licensing of dry cleaning establishments,

	local and nonlocal, was referred to the City Attorney for study and re-

commendation at the next regular meeting of the Board on July 7, 1948.

PARKING METERS --

Demonstrations	At this time the Board viewed demonstrations of the Mi-Co, Dual and

	Miller parking meters.

SEWER DISPOSAL	BONDS	George E. Marshall, Esq. appeared before the Board at	this time on

L.	W. Gibbs	behalf of Mr. Lauren W. Gibbs of Salt Lake	City, Utah	who is	interested

in purchasing the $350,000 sewer disposal bond issue recently advertised
for sale by the City of Las Vegas.

After considerable discussion, Mayor Cragin stated that the City would
have to ascertain whether or not it would be necessary to readvertise for
bids on said sale of bond issue before Mr. Gibbs offer dated June 29, 1948,
could be considered.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of June 15, 1948 be approved

by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT Commissioner Clark moved that the supplemental agreement between the
UPRR—Standby Service Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Co., Union Pacific Railroad Co. and
	the City of Las Vegas covering the furnishing of emergency standby

	electric service by the railroad company to the City of Las Vegas be

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

HAWAII STATEHOOD	Mayor Cragin read the letter of Senator George W. Malone under date of

Letter from Geo.	June 8, 1948 in answer to City of Las Vegas letter dated April 30, 1948

Malone	and copy of Resolution No. 115 urging the early passage of HR 49. Senator

	Malone's letter was ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk

CITY ENGINEER	Commissioner Clark moved that the resignation of C. G. Petrie, City

Resignation	Engineer be accepted effective July 15, 1948.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: