579

PURCHASE ORDER Motorola Equip Co. Radio Equipment	BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of January, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated and executed as follows:  0. A. Kenna and Ann S. Kenna, H/W and George R. Marsh and Gladys M. Marsh, H/W, dated January 20, 1954  to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.  Commissioner Whipple moved the purchase order with Motorola Equipment Company for radio equipment be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PURCHASE OF RIGHT OF WAY Kay Howard & Jack Hassett  Maryland Parkway	At this time the purchase of right-of-way from Kay Howard and Jack Hassett of Maryland Parkway was presented to the Board for consideration.  Commissioner Sharp moved this right-of-way be purchased for $6,000.00 plus escrow fees and Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign escrow instructions.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PAYMENT - SCHEDULES B & C	Commissioner Whipple moved the payment to Ralph 0. Dixson for outfall sewer, schedules B & C in the amount of $12,540.20 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.
Ralph 0. Dixson	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DIST #100-22 Commissioner Bunker moved the payment to Ideal Asphalt Paving Company on Assessment

Partial Payment Ideal Asphalt Paving Co.	District No. 100-22 in the amount of $6,792-75 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
ASSESSMENT DIST #100-18 Partial Payment Ideal Asphalt Paving Co	Commissioner Jarrett moved the payment to Ideal Asphalt Paving Company on Assessment District No. 100-18 in the amount of $18,633.87 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PARTIAL PAYMENT Architect for City Hall Addition  Aloysius McDonald  	Commissioner Sharp moved the partial payment to Aloysius McDonald the architect for City Hall addition in the amount of $2,953.84 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PARTIAL PAYMENT Architect for Caretakers Cottage  Floyd E. Brewster	Commissioner Sharp moved the. partial payment to Floyd E. Brewster the architect for the care- taker's cottage in the amount of $335.28 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to s sign the warrant when prepared.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PARKING AREAS - Leased  UPRR  	At this time the report on parking areas to be leased from the UPRR was referred back to the Engineering Department for further study and recommendation.
PROPOSED ASSESSMENT DIST #100-12 Report	At this time the report on the proposed Assessment District No. 100-12 was referred back to the Engineering Department for further study and recommendation.
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING r/w DEED  8th Place of Acres Addn Norman J. Helgeson	At this time the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes in 8th Place of the Acres Addition was considered by the Board.  Commissioner Whipple moved this deed be accepted subject to the receipt of bond covering improvements, and the following resolution adopted and order made:  BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of January, 1954 by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated and executed as follows:  Norman J. Helgeson, dated October 29, 1953  to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
BEVERLY GREEN TRACT #2 Acceptance & Release of Bond  	Commissioner Whipple moved the acceptance of Beverly Green Tract No. 2 and the release of the bond be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 1-20-54