County Commissioner	Harley Harmon,	Chairman

County Commissioner	Clesse Turner

County Commissioner	Art Olsen

CITY-COUNTY FIRE 	His Honor, Mayor Baker, opened the discussion stating that a problem had arisen in regard to the

PROTECTION AGREEMENT	need for a fire protection agreement between the City of Las Vegas and Clark County. He stated

that the purpose of the meeting with the Board of County Commissioners was to discuss what might
be worked out along these lines.

After considerable discussion it was agreed that the City and the County would see that their
respective fire chiefs immediately undertake to cooperate in answering calls in each other's jurisdiction 
	as required and County Commissioner Harley Harmon and City Commissioner Reed Whipple were

designated as a committee to work out the necessary details to be incorporated into a written
agreement.

The possibility of placing the City and County Fire Departments on the same radio band was also
	discussed and it was decided this matter should also be looked into.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that the City Manager and City Attorney be instructed to make up
a cooperative fire protection agreement between the City and the County for presentation to the
Board of City Commissioners and that Commissioner Whipple be appointed as representative of the
City to work with the County in this regard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FLOOD CONTROL DISTRICT           His Honor, Mayor Baker, reported to those present that it appeared as though more than the 
required signatures to petition for formulation of a Flood Control District had been secured and
Resolution Adopted                that pending certification of the signatures by the County they were now in a position to proceed

with a Watershed and Flood Control District.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted extending the cooperation of
the City to the County and requesting that the County proceed as rapidly as possible with the
creation of a Flood Control District as prescribed by law:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and the Board of Commissioners
of the County of Clark have met in joint session on the 11th day of May, 1959; and

WHEREAS, a review of the petitions made available to real property owners in the City of
Las Vegas, the City of North Las Vegas, the City of Henderson, and the County of Clark, indicates
that more than enough real property owners in the proposed Watershed Protection and Flood
Prevention District for Clark County, Nevada, have petitioned said Board of County Commissioners
of Clark County, Nevada, to establish said district;

NOW, THEREFORE, upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it is hereby 
	resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that said commission and all

employees of said City shall cooperate with the Board of Commissioners of Clark County in all
reasonable ways for the purpose of creating said District and said Board does hereby request
the Board of Commissioners of the County of Clark to create said District at the earliest
practicable time as provided by Chapter 542 of the Nevada Revised Statutes.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 11th day of May, 1959.

/s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

ATTEST:.

/s/ Robert F. Boos

Robert F. Boos, Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY FAIR AND       His Honor, Mayor Baker, stated that in view of his pending trip to Washington, D. C., and a
RECREATION BOARD	tour of Europe, he wished to resign his appointment to the Clark County Fair and Recreation

APPOINTMENT	Board and stepped down from the chair and turned the meeting over to the Mayor Pro Tem, Reed

Whipple. Mayor Baker then moved that Commissioner Fountain be appointed to the Clark County
Fair and Recreation Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Fountain passed his vote.

 REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT           City Manager Kennedy presented the following list of equipment for which he requested permission

to advertise for bids to be opened June 3, 1959 and June 17, 1959:

    Authorized to go to Bid	Estimated Price

June 3, 1959 & June 17,	2      Pickups for building inspection	$ 3,600

1959	1      Curb machine	1,400

1	Sedan	3,500

4	Motorcycles	9,600

1	Compressor	5,000

1	Sweeper	10,000

1	Small dump truck	2,700

1	Suburban carry-all	-	Survey	Crew	3,000

1	1500 gal. tanker	truck	with	fire 	equipment	10,500

After considerable discussion of the item of a 1500 gallon tanker fire truck and its adequacy,
it was recommended that bids on this item include an alternate for a 3000 gallon tanker.

5-11-59