At this time Fire Chief L.D. Smith appeared before the Board requesting that they have
an ordinance drawn covering and defining the duties of the Fire Chief, also setting forth his
power and authority at all fires, upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern it was ordered
that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up said ordinance and as requested by said Fire
Chief L.D. Smith.

An ordinance Fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building constructions

and the storage and keeping of combustibles and explosives was then read before the Board
for second reading, after the reading of the same in full by the Clerk of this Board it was then
upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried that the said ordinance be passed
as read and appears more fully in ordinance Book number one of the City of Las Vegas to which
reference is hereby made.

The question of an Fire Auto for the City of Las Vegas coming on before the Board, it was
after due consideration upon the part of each and every member of the Board and upon motion of
Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel ordered and duly carried that the Mayor appoint a Committee
to enquire into and investigate said question and report to this Board. the vote being cast as
follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor
the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,. Thereafter the Mayor appointed the following Commissioners as said
Committee, Commissioner McGovern, and Commissioner Stewart.

The question of an fire alarm system coming on before the Board and after general debate
by all members of the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by McGovern and duly carried
ordered that said matter be laid on the table. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin,
aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart, No. Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, No.

An ordinance to prevent Minors from Frequenting Saloons and Disreputable places was then
read before the Board in full, upon motion of Von Tobel, and seconded by Coughlin it was ordered
that this ordinance go over for the second reading, the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

The City Clerk reported that he in accordance with the authorization of the Board heretofore

made returned to Sutherlin and Company, of Kansas City their certified check of $400.00

and notified said Sutherlin and Company. to return all papers, contracts and plans and specifications

which had been sent to them by and upon the authorization of this Board in connection
with the sale of sewer bonds, The Clerk further reported that the above mentioned papers had
been so returned by said Sutherlin and Company. Upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded

by Commissioner Stewart the following preamble and resolution was upon motion being put to a
vote duly adopted: Whereas, all negotiations have ended relative to the sale of the $40,000.00
sewer bonds to Sutherlin and Company, under their bid accepted in December, 1911. and also subsequent

negotiations and all papers returned by said Company and by the City, and Whereas, the
Mayor, Peter Buol and the City Clerk Harley A. Harmon were by resolution adopted at the meeting
of February, 7, 1912. authorized to negotiate the sale of the said sewer bonds with other parties

Now. Therefore be it resolved that the sum of $75.00 be and the same is hereby appropriated

out of the general fund of the City and the Clerk of this City authorized to draw his warrant upon
the City Treasurer for that amount to be paid to the Mayor Peter Buol to defray his expenses for
a trip to Los Angeles, California for the purpose of carrying on negotiations for the placing and
sale of said bonds as per said resolution Feb. 7, 1912.

The vote of aid resolution was as follows towit:- Commissioners Von Tobel. Stewart ,

Mc Govern and Coughlin, voting aye. the Mayor not Voting.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the City Attorney be instructed

to draw up an ordinance to prevent the use of gasoline stoves in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada