noes, none.

BID NO. 51.5	Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Manager that

Lamp Contract	Saviers Electric, being the lew bidder be awarded the Lamp Contract with the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SILVER STATE BPOE -                Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Silver State BPOE to hold a Carnival August
Carnival	3 through 5, 1951 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SIDEWALKS—STREET LIGHTS At this time a communication from the County Commissioners regarding a cash assessment

Highway 91	for the installation of street lights on Highway 91 from the Flamingo Hotel to the City

Limits, with the City's portion being 11,783.58 and a request that sidewalks be installed,
was read to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held In abeyance until the September meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYMENT OF STATEMENTS At this time recommendations from the City Engineer regarding payment of statements for

additional work on Assessment Districts were presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of J. M. Murphy Construction Co. in the amount of
$4,596.40 for the paving of Oakey Boulevard and additional work on that district be approved
      and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when drawn and the State
Highway Department billed for the additional work which they had originally agreed to
do.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Blinker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REPORT ON NOISE	At this time a report from the Police Department on the number of citations issued since

South Main Street	July 1, 1951 for loud mufflers on cars, noisy trucks, etc., was submitted to the Board

	for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved this report be accepted and ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALE OF DRAFT BEER	Commissioner Whipple moved the requests to sell draft beer under a Retail Beverage or Rest-

aurant Beverage be denied and the policy of the Board on future requests be the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Ernest Amante and J.S. Pappas, 49er Club,

New	109 Fremont for one "21" table be held in abeyance until a study can be made, and action

	be taken at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the following applications for new licenses for slot machines
for the third quarter of 1951 be approved;

CHARLESTON BN	17 E. Charleston	O.W. Glenn	1 slot

LOVE'S SNACK BAR	420	North 5th St.	So. Nev. Vending	1	slot

MI RANCHITO	416	Adams	C.R. Millhizer	1	slot

WESTSIDE CAFE	322	Madison	C.R. Millhizer	1	slot

TATUM'S BAR-B-Q	210	Bonanza	Road	Kroloff Distributing	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Al Abrams, Frontier Turf Club, 117 Fremont
for one Race Book and one Sports Book license for the third quarter of 1951 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole , Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the addition of the name of Jack Burke to the license of the
Boulder Club Sports Book and one Bridge be granted subject to favorable investigation by
the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RECESS	Commissioner Bunker requested a 5 minute recess at the hour of 9:07 P.M.

	At the hour of 9:15 P.M. the meeting reconvened with all members present as of the opening

session.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Dr. M.M. Bernstein, Horseshoe Club, 128

Change of Operator	Fremont for 1 Craps, 1 "21", and 1 Roulette for the third quarter of 1951 be held in

abeyance for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	No action was taken on the application of Mildred Ruggeroli and Frank Mirabelli, New Vegas

New	Bar, 123 South 2nd Street for a Tavern Liquor license.

Change of Operator	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Benny Binion, HORSESHOE BAR, 128 Fremont

for a Tavern liquor license for the third quarter of 1951 be granted.