At this time Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner, W.H. Elwell took up with the Board the 
proposition of installing large lights at the corners on Fremont Street, in place of the string lights now in use,
and it appearing to the Board that such a change would be in the interests of economy, it was
ordered, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the changes from
the present system be made, as suggested by Mr. Elwell, and the said Commissioner Elwell was
authorized by the Board to make the proposed changes. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy
Elwell, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes. none.

Street Commissioner O.J. Smith brought up for discussion the present system of parking,
pointing out to the Board that with the increased population and number of cars now in use,
the custom of parking at an angle on the down town streets was causing a congestion of traffic.
After some discussion of the hatter, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded
by Commissioner Mundy, that Commissioner Smith be authorized to paint lines on the streets in
the down town section, and that instruction be given the public for parallel parking in the
business section. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that the
Licenses and Fines for the month of January, 1926, be distributed as follows:

Police and Fire Department 	$2,000.00
General Fund	1.009.00

Total	3,009.00

Voting on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.	

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license,
two games at the Colorado Hotel, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner C.J. Hammond, whereupon it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded
by Commissioner Elwell, that a gaming license for two games be issued to Cleto Aguirre at
the Colorado Hotel. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor

 

the Mayor. J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes. none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board adjourn until
Thursday the 11th day of February, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. when it shall meet
to consider the City Budget for the year 1926, and such other matters as shall come before the
Board at that time. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, aye. None, none.