6-29-53

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Cinnabar



Huntridge
Liquor Store

Nevada Bar

Irene's Bar

Twin Lakes Corp.



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Changes

Nevada or Jackpot
Club Bar

Little Casino



Sallie’s Liquor
Store & Beer Bar

Wittwer’s Cafe



ORDINANCE NO. 556
Garbage Rate
Increase

GARBAGE CONTRACT
Amended

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Robert Testolin and James Fare for a
Retail Liquor (Package) license at the Cinnabar, 120 North 2nd Street be approved,
on the basis of population.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of W. L. Holst dba Huntridge Liquor Store,

1310 E. Charleston for a Retail Package Liquor (Minature) license be approved, on the
basis of population.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Patsy Malpede, Nevada Bar, 115 North 1st
Street for a license for Retail Package Liquor be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Irene Johnson, Irene's Bar, 420 Jackson for
a Tavern Liquor License be denied on the grounds that the population does not warrant
another license of this type.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Lloyd L, Rita and Richard St. John and
Vincent Hickson dba Twin Lakes Corp., off the Tonopah Highway for a Tavern Liquor license
be approved in accordance with the recent amendment concerning issuance of liquor licenses
to certain types of motels and hotels.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Joseph Wolf, L. A., A. C., W. H. Adams,

R. T. King and L. A. Stephan for a Tavern Liquor license, originally applied for in the
name of the Jackpot Club Bar and formerly known as the Santa Anita Turf Club and Bar,

113 Fremont be approved subject to favorable investigation by the Police Department, said
license to be issued as the Nevada Club Bar.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Alfred J. Quodbach dba Little Casino, 108-
110 North 1st for a Tavern Liquor license formerly known as the Golden Camel and issued
to Mrs. Joe Morgan, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Sallie J. Gordon dba Sallie’s Liquor Store and
Beer Bar at 2120 E. Charleston for addition of M. H. Gordon to her license for Retail
Package Liquor (Mina.) be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Ray Knearl, Wittwer's Cafe, 720 North Main
for a Restaurant Beverage License formerly issued to Mary MacEntire and Betty Richert,
be approved subject to favorably investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 11 OF ORDINANCE NO. 313, ALSO RE-
FERRED TO AA SECTION 15, CHAPTER 14, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED BY
ORDINANCE NO. 490 BY PROVIDING A NEW SCHEDULE OF RATES FOR GARBAGE COLLECTIONS AND
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been re-
ported on favorably by Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple was read in full to the Board
at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 556 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the contract with the Southern Nevada Disposal Co., Inc. be
amended to provide no license fee and the Garbage Contractor agrees to haul all City
garbage at no charge to the City, including pick up of street trash cans in down town
areas as often as needed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners at this time,
the meeting adjourned.