335

WHEREAS, the Government of the United States is desirous of acquiring McCarran Field
as a permanent military establishment, for the United States Air Force and the training of its
personnel, and

WHEREAS, the creation and maintenance of such military establishment in such close
proximity to the City of Las Vegas constitutes a public use, and will greatly subserve the
public interest and result in a corporate benefit.

NOW, THEREFORE, HE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a special meeting thereof, held on the 9th day of December, 1948, that said City,
unconditionally and without restriction, except as hereinafter provided, donate by deed of
conveyance all of said City's right, title and interest in and to the land and premises
comprising McCARRAN FIELD, situate as aforesaid, to the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA to be
solely devoted by it to military purposes as an air field for the United States Air Force
and the training of its personnel, upon the condition, however, that upon the abandonment
and cessation of such use and purposes by the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, said land and
premises shall revert to the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, and thereupon the said City shall have the
right of immediate re-entry.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting Commissioner Clark moved
that this meeting adjourn until December 22, 1948.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 16, 1948

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be
held in the Office of the Mayor at the War Memorial Building on the 16th of December, 1948 at
the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Authorization of execution of Western Air Lines Lease—termination

2.	Contract for audit of City of Las Vegas books

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to R. T. Baskin, C. R. Clark, R. T. Moore, Reed Whipple, Commis-

sioners; and J. M. Murphy, City Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will
be held in the Office of the Mayor, at the War Memorial Building, 5th & Stewart Streets, on
December 16, 1948 at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters;

1.	Authorization of execution of Western Air Lines Lease—termination

2.	Contract for audit of City of Las Vegas books

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting:

	/s/ E. W. Cragin	/s/ J. M. Murphy

/s/ Reed Whipple

/s/ Robert T. Moore