WHEREAS, it has been determined that it is for the best interests of the citizens of the City
of Las Vegas that all buildings and structures entering the said City to be so constructed as to
comply with the Building Code of the City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
meeting thereof held on the 4th day of October, 1950 that the City Building Inspector be and he is
hereby directed not to issue any moving permit for any building or structure being brought into
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, unless and until it complies with all provisions of the Building
Code of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting

aye: noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple

FREMONT STREET - Use by	Commissioner Peccole moved the downtown merchants be allowed to use Fremont

Local Merchants	Street from Main to Second, for promotional purposes at their convenience.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Whipple

ORDINANCE NO. 431	Mrs. Guy Murphy of the Clark County Humane Society was present, protesting

Protest	the powers given the Poundmaster under Ordinance No. 431.

STOP LIGHT - Request	At this time a letter dated October 4, 1950 from business people located on

to Install	South 5th Street adjacent to the Grammar School, pledging funds toward the

	installation of a stop light at the intersection of 5th Street and Clark Street

was presented to the Board.

Commissioner Moore moved the foregoing matter be referred to the City
Manager for investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

RECESS	Commissioner Peccole moved this meeting recess at the hour of 4:35 P.M.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

His Honor called the meeting to order at the hour of 5:10 P.M. with all
members present as of the opening session.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved this meeting recess until Monday,

October 9, 1950 at the hour of 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 11, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 11th day of October,
1950 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E.W.

Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole,

Whipple; City Attorney Howard W. Cannon, City Manager C.W. Shelley and City
Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

AMENDMENT TO LAND USE PLAN This being the time heretofore set by the Board of Commissioners to act on the
Rezoning of Govt. Lot 2                      request for re zoning of Government Lot 2, Section 2, T 21 S, R 61 E., MDB&M,
Section 2, T 21 S,	from R-1 to R-4, discussion was held by members of the Board and those

interested in this proposed rezoning present at this meeting.



Commissioner Moore moved the proposed rezoning of Government Lot 2, Section
2, T 21 S, R 61 E, MDB&M from R-1 to R-4 be allowed.

This motion lost for want of a second.

Commissioner Whipple moved the proposed rezoning of Government Lot 2, Section 2,
T 21 S, R 61 E, MDB&M from R-1 to R-4 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Moore. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote.

SERVICE & MATERIAL WARRANTS Commissioner Moore moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 2010 in the

total amount of $2269.10 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
  sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
 noes, none.

MINUTES	Approval of the Minutes of the meetings of September 22, 28, October 2 and

	4, 1950 was deferred until October 18, 1950.