Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Robert Powell and Ronald Markin
for a Pawnshop License and Permit for sale of Firearms at the Ace Loan Co., 128 South
1st Street, be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ONE-WAY ALLEY	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for

Between 4th & 5th;	approval of request of the Bank of Las Vegas that the north-south portion of the alley

Fremont & Carson	in the block between 4th and 5th, Fremont and Carson Streets be made one-way south.

Sixty percent of the property owners and tenants are in agreement. Planning Director
Attorney instructed	Bills stated that there were no written protests,

to prepare ordinance

Commissioner Bunker moved that the north-south portion of the alley in the block between
4th and 5th, Fremont and Carson Streets be made one-way south be approved and the City
Attorney instructed to prepare the ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Prd Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ONE-HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for

1400 Block, South	approval of the request of the Mason's Furniture Store for a one-hour parking zone on

both sides of the 1400 block of South Main Street. Sixty percent of the property owners
Approved	and tenants are in favor of this. This would be an extension of the previously approved

one-hour parking zone which extends through the 1300 Block. Planning Director Bills 
explained that this block lies between Imperial and Utah Avenues.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a one-hour parking zone on both sides of the 1400 Block
	of South Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ONE-HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for

E. Charleston, Main	approval of the request of Dr. Cherry for a one-hour parking zone on the north side of

& 2nd Streets	East Charleston Blvd. between Main and 2nd Streets. 100% of the property owners and

tenants are in favor of this. This would be an extension of an existing one-hour parking
Approved	zone between 2nd and 3rd Streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a one-hour parking zone on the north side of East Charleston
Blvd. between Main and 2nd Streets be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

PETITION	The Commission considered a petition which had been filed by John J. McMahon and signed

Vacation of Portion	by three property owners requesting vacation of a portion of Bonanza Way, 30' in width,

of Bonanza Way	immediately adjoining the Elks property adjacent to Bonanza Road in the vicinity of the

intersection of Encanto Drive.

Referred to Planning

Commission	Commissioner Bunker moved that this petition be referred to the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID NO. 59.05	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that Wells-

Asphaltic Concrete	Cargo, Inc. be awarded contract for furnishing and laying asphaltic concrete paving for

Pavement for Golf	the Golf Course Reservoir in the total amount of $9,868.00 on the basis of low bid.

Course Reservoir

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.05 Tor asphaltic concrete pavement for the
Award	Golf Course Reservoir, be awarded to the Wells-Cargo, Inc. for the low bid in the amount

of $9,868.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

Commissioner Sharp asked whether this would be asphaltic concrete on the sides and Director
of Public Works Sauer replied that the sides would be a road mix laid hot. Commissioner
Sharp stated that would change his vote to "no".

BID NO. 59.06	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the Acme

Street Lighting System	Electric Co., 308 Wall Street, Las Vegas, be awarded the contract for installation of

Sunrise Ave.	street lighting units on Sunrise Avenue adjacent to Sunrise School and the Handicapped

Children's School on the basis of low bid in the amount of $2,621.06. The full cost of
Award	this installation is to be borne by the Clark County School District.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 59.06 for Street lighting units on Sunrise Avenue
adjacent to the Sunrise School and the Handicapped Children's School be awarded to the
Acme Electric Co., 308 Wall Street, for the low bid in the amount of $2,621.06.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

TWIN LAKES ESTATES	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the final

UNIT NO. 2	plat of Twin Lakes Estates Unit No. 2 be accepted. Subdivision Agreement has been signed

and fees for inspection have been submitted by the subdivider, Southwestern Subdividers.
Acceptance of Final	Acceptance of this final plat recommended subject to the posting of the bond for the offsite

Plat - Approved	improvements.

3-4-59