OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 26th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 26th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time the Board took the matter of the deeding back to the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company the land used as the site of the present disposal plant in return for which the
Las Vegas Land and Water Company would deed to the City of Las Vegas land to be used for the
disposal plant to be erected in the near future. Also to reconvey easement for sewer and dump-
ground as per draft of deed; presented to the meeting.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
City Attorney, Stevens prepare a deed deeding back to the Las Vegas Land and Water Co.
the land used as a site for the present disposal plant.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 29th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVA A.

FEBRUARY 29th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 29th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,

Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

W.L. Benham, Sanitary Engineer for the City and A.R.Thompson City Engineer also being
present.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
office of Building Inspector be declared vacant.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
A.R.Thompson be appointed Building Inspector for the City of Las Vegas to hold office at the
pleasure of the Board of Commissioners and to file with the Clerk a bond in the sum of Two
Thousand Dollars. Salary to equal the fees to $250.00 per month. The sum over $250.00 going
to the City and to be placed in the General Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time Webster L. Benham presented to the Board for its consideration his claim
for $2,192.97.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, there has heretofore been paid to Keobig & Koebig, as then consulting
engineers on the additional sewer system, and the contract of said Koebig & Koebig was heretofore
 assigned to Webster L. Benham, and a supplemental agreement was entered into between
the City of Las Vegas, and said Webster L. Benham of date the 28th day of January, 1931,
wherein and whereby said Forty-five Hundred Dollars was provided to be credited by said
Webster L. Benham upon the compensation provided for in paragraph numbered one on the first
page of the Koebig & Koebig agreement of date Sept. 27, 1929, and it was agreed that said
sum of $4500.00 was paid to said Koebig & Koebig under and pursuant to the provisions of
Article 111 on page 2 of said agreement of date Sept. 27, 1929, and

Whereas, it was the intent in providing for the payment of the first four and one-
half percent, as provided in said agreements of date Sept. 27, 1929 and January 28, 1931,
that the work on the sewer mains and disposal plant and the laterals would be carried on at
the same time and that bonds for the payment of the cost or assessments for the payment the
cost of both the mains and disposal plant and for said laterals would be issued or levied,
as the case may be at or about the same time, and

Whereas, it now appears that the bonds have been sold separately for the moneys
to carry on the construction of the mains and disposal plant and that assessments for the
carrying on of the work for the laterals and the carrying on of the work of putting in the
laterals will be done separately, and

Whereas, it will be necessary, just and fair that the proper portion of said $4500,
so paid as a foresaid, shall be made a charge against the work of construction of said laterals
and that it is just and fair to said Webster L. Benham the the whole of said $4500, for the
purposes aforesaid be not charged against him on the work of said mains and disposal plant,
and that one-half be charged against him on the engineering work on said mains and disposal
plant and the other one-half be charged against him on the engineering work on said laterals,
and

Whereas, it appears that the contract price for s id mains and disposal plant is
$106,510.54, and that the first 4½% thereof as provided in said contracts would amount to the
sum of $4,792.97, and that under the arrangement above suggested it shall be deemed that said
Webster L. Benham has already been paid $2,250.00 on the first 4½% of the cost of such work,