Las Vegas, Nevada
December 3, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 3rd day of December, 1958, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris Pi Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

WEST CHARLESTON BLVD.        His Honor Mayor Baker opened the meeting by referring to the accident on West Charleston
Traffic Hazard	Boulevard the day before in which a child was injured, but fortunately not seriously.

He stated that he had talked with the Chairman of the County Commission this morning
and they agreed to cooperate with the City in eliminating the existing traffic hazard with
respect to pedestrian crossing at this location. We have checked reports from the Sheriff's
Department and Police Department and available technical advice, and have developed a plan
that will remedy this situation and others similar to this one.

Mr. Harley Harmon, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners stated that after talking
to the County Officials and to Mayor Baker today, it is recommended that a button control
stop and go light be installed at the joint cost of the City and County; also that curbs
be installed around the Panorama Market. Further, it is recommended that street lights be
placed in front of Bill Hinson's place and by the service station to light that area. That
would give us four lights there.

Mayor Baker asked if there was any objection to this joint arrangement. Commissioners
Fountain and Whipple stated they thought the plan should be started immediately and the
rest of the Commissioners were in agreement.

Mr. Bill Hinson spoke from the floor stating that he was at the meeting this afternoon, and
in regard to installation of a curb and parallel parking along the street side, it was his
opinion it would present another hazard if parking is allowed in this manner. He suggested
it would be better to move the curb out to the edge of the street so that all parking would
be over next to the sidewalk and the hazard on the street side of the highway would be
eliminated.

Commissioner Fountain said he felt we should have our Traffic Engineer and Chief of Police
check this situation out and whatever expense is necessary should be forthwith approved.

Mr. Harmon spoke again stating that the main thing would be the stop and go light with push
button control as a 24-hour control would not be necessary. The curb installation and parking
questions are problems of the County which will have to be worked out with the County 
Commission.

Commissioner Fountain moved that immediate steps be taken to work the problem out with the
County and jointly acquire traffic signals as required.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 29160 - 29688 inclusive, for the pay

period November 16 - November 30, 1958, in the net amount of $77,973.87, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Service and Material Warrants Nos. 3578 - 3719 In the

WARRANTS	amount of $138,672.74 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of November 19, 1958, be approved by reference

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION      Commissioner Fountain moved the following Charitable Solicitation Permits as recommended
PERMITS	by the Solicitation Review Board be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

authorized to issue the permits:

Approved

a)	TWENTY-THIRTY CLUB - Raffle tickets

b)	UPTOWN KIWANIS CLUB - Annual Date Sale

c)	RANCHO HIGH SCHOOL PEP GIRLS - Tickets for Fashion Show

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	The Commission considered the application of Richard C. Jackson for a Restaurant Beverage

Change of Ownership	License at the Chili Hut, 1608 Fremont. The license is presently issued to Mrs. Leona Grundy.

Chili Hut	City Manager Kennedy stated that the police report is favorable.

Approved	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Richard C. Jackson for a Restaurant Beverage

License at the Chili Hut, 1608 Fremont be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

12-3-58