ANNEXATION

Indian Hills

PAUL SHAFFER
Request for Reduction
of Solicitor's
License



R. E. THORNTON
Extension of Time to
Solicit on Streets

ALONZO HOLT
Request for Reduction
of Solicitor's
License

BELL'S HARDWARE
Permit to Sell
Firearms

REZONING
A. F. Ahmanson

VARIANCE

W. S. Robinson

VACATION

Alley--Church Addition

ELKS LODGE

J. R. SPELLMAN
Christmas Decorations

GOLF COURSE WELL
Repairs to Tank and
Pump

BACKSTOPS

Recreation Center

PROPOSED BOXING
AGREEMENT
R. R. Russell

LIGHTS IN PARK AND
RECREATION AREA

Mr. Bugbee was present concerning the annexation of Indian Hills. City Engineer
Wade said that it appears the sewage disposal plant will reach full capacity in
early 1957. Mr. Bugbee presented a letter from the Water District to the effect
that water can be supplied to this tract.

The Board informed Mr. Bugbee that no action would be taken on this application
until a meeting has been held with the officials of North Las Vegas to discuss the
sewer situation. The matter was referred to City Manager Rounthwaite to arrange a
meeting with North Las Vegas next week.

Mr. Paul Shaffer appeared to request a reduction in the solicitor's license.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. R. E. Thornton appeared to request extension of time for 15 days from November 22,
1954, to solicit on the streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request for extension of time to solicit on the
streets to December 10, 1954 he granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Alonzo Holt appeared to request a reduction of the solicitor's license for the
sale of Rawleigh products.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this applicant be charged a license fee of $5-00 per
month for the rest of the 4th quarter, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Richard J. Bell, Bell's Hardware, 1511 Fremont, for a permit to
sell firearms was discussed. Chief Kennedy said the Police Department has approved
this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Richard J. Bell, Bell's
Hardware, for a permit to sell firearms be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Mr. Thomas Foley that the application of H. F. Ahmanson to rezone from
R-3 to C-2 the SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ of Section 35, and the application of W. S. Robinson for a
variance to maintain a carport at 525 Park Paseo be continued to the next meeting,
was presented.

Commissioner Whipple moved these matters be held over until the next regular meeting
of the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Petition for vacation of the alley in Block 3 of the Church Addition was presented.

The Planning Commission recommended this vacation be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker recommended a Public Hearing on this vacation be
held December 20, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Elks Lodge requested permission to use a sound truck to advertise Quarter Horse
Racing from 9:00 P.M. to 12:00 A.M. from now until December 31, 1954 on Thursday,

Friday and Saturday.

Commissioner Bunker moved approval of this request of the Elks Lodge.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Rounthwaite said that J. R. Spellman has offered to the City a plan for
Christmas decorations on the City Hall. This offer was accepted at no cost to the City.

Mr. Rounthwaite reported on the cost of repair or replacement of the tank and pump
for the well at the Golf Course. The Board requested Mr. Rounthwaite to obtain
additional bids on this tank and pump from the plumbing companies and report at the
next meeting.

City Manager Rounthwaite recommended that the bid of Marco Products in the amount of
$2,320, with 14 day delivery time, for furnishing backstops for the Recreation Center
be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager's recommendation that the bid of Marco
Products in the amount of $2,320 be accepted be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Rounthwaite reported on a proposed boxing agreement for two nights per month at
the Recreation Center with Mr. R. R. Russell. The Board did not feel that the
Recreation Center should be used for this purpose.

Regarding lights in the park and recreation area, Mr. Wade recommended that steel poles
be used and he stated the approximate cost would be $1,306.

11-17-54