City Manager Kennedy presented, the proposed, agreement with Whiting Brothers to lease
land from the City in the vicinity of Nellis Air Force Base and adjacent to the gravel
plant, said request having been approved at the last regular meeting of the Commission
on June 5, 1957. Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that this lease was for the period
ending October 31, 1957; and requested authorization for the Mayor to sign the same.

Commissioner Bunker moved the lease with Whiting Brothers be approved, and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the City Manager reported to the Commission that Mercy Ambulance is
presently handling the ambulance calls for the City at a cost of $5.00 per call.

He advised the Commission that this company has requested to be placed on a flat
monthly fee of $150.00 for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 through June 30,
1958.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this proposal would save a lot of paper work for Mercy Ambu-
lance and the City, since the monthly service at the present time is averaging be-
tween $l45 to $155, and recommended the request be granted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Mercy Ambulance to enter into an agree-
ment with the City for ambulance calls at a monthly fee of $150.00 from July 1, 1957
through June 30, 1958 be approved, and the City Attorney instructed to prepare said
agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the request from the Atomic Energy Commission for permis-
sion to use the top of City Hall as a temporary instrument station during its present
atomic tests at Nevada Test Site. Mr. Kennedy reported that this request was for a
period of six to eight months beginning May 1, 1957, and the Atomic Energy Commis-
sion had agreed to clean up and restore the premises to its original condition when
the use is no longer required.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Atomic Energy Commission for permis-
sion to use the top of City Hall as a temporary instrument station be approved, and
the Mayor authorized to sign said request.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager requested approval, of Purchase Requisition No. 8551 in the amount
of $1,075.00 to Manson Electric for the purchase of controllers for traffic light
to allow the Fire Department to control the traffic signal at the intersection of
25th Street, Boulder Highway and Charleston Boulevard while passing through. Mr.
Kennedy explained this control could be made 200 feet before and after the inter-
section so the light would be green to permit the fire truck to go through.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8551 to Manson Electric in
the amount of $1,075.00 for the purchase of controllers for the traffic light at
the intersection of 25th Street, Boulder Highway and Charleston Boulevard be ap-
proved, and the Purchase Order authorized to be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Public Works Department for per-
mission to rent two (2) trans-mix trucks for one month at a cost of $1,500 to con-
tinue the slurrying of streets. Mr. Kennedy explained that at the end of this ad-
ditional month the City will have completed the repair by slurry of 108 streets.

The City Manager further stated that it should be announced that this slurry pro-
cess is not a permanent improvement of the street but will make the streets last
three to four years until the assessment districts can be worked out. He advised
the Commission the estimated cost of the slurry process is four cents (4¢) per
square yard or $130.00 per one-block street.

Commissioner Fountain moved that purchase requisition No. 8554 to Las Vegas Build-
ing Materials for the rental of two (2) trans-mix trucks at a cost of $1,500.00 be
approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the request of Reverent Hisey for permission to erect a
tent for revival meeting from June 21st through July 8th, 1957, on the Elks Lodge
property at 5th and Bonanza. Reverend Hisey had received permission for revivals
in previous years, and had conducted these meetings in an orderly manner.

The Commission indicated approval of this request, subject to inspection and ap-
proval by the Police and Fire Departments.

Consideration was given to the request by the Christ Holy Sanctified Church and
Church of God to conduct services in the City Park at 5th and Mesquite. The Com-
mission instructed the City Manager to notify these people to find a different lo-
cation and resubmit their request for consideration.

LEASE OF CITY LAND
Whiting Bros.



AMBULANCE SERVICE
Agreement with
Mercy Ambulance

ATOMIC ENERGY
COMMISSION

Use of City Hall

TRAFFIC CONTROL
LIGHT

25th, Charleston
& Boulder Highway

RENTAL OF TRANS-
MIX TRUCKS

Slurry of Streets

REVIVAL MEETING
Location Approved
Rev. Hisey

CHURCH SERVICES
Location Denied