NOTICE TO GAMING
& LIQUOR 

APPLICANTS
R:	Priaes

HEARING - Ordinance
No. 321

CONDEMNATION
R/W - Proposed

Underpass

APPRAISERS-For
 Highway Purposes -
Bonanza Road

 EASEMENT - Southern
  NEVADA POWER CO.

Commissioner Bates moved that notice be served on all
holders of gaming licenses that the City will not tolerate
the giving of prizes, other than money, to patrons of their
gambling establishments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess until
October 10 ant 10:00 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 10, 1946

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 10th day of October, 1946. Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of
10 a.m. with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen
Scott Reed. Absent; Commissioners Baskin and Clark, and City
Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall:

This being the time set for hearing of protest re: Improvements
in Biltmore Annex No. 1 and Biltmore Annex No. 2. And it
appearing that no protestants have appeared Commissioner:Bates
moved: that said improvements be made in accordance with

Ordinance No. 321.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

At the hour of 10:10 a.m. the meeting recessed.

At the hour of 10:45 a.m. the meeting reconvened with all present
as of the opening session, this date.

At this time Commissioner Clark appeared.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized
to start proceedings of condemnation to acquire a 40 foot strip
of land along the right of way to be acquired for the underpass
at Charleston and Main.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to appoint appraisers for acquiring portions of Lots 10, 11, and
12 of Block 1, Biltmore Addition in connection with the opening
of Bonanza Blvd. between Main and 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City grant an easement to the
Southern Nevada Power Co. for a right of way across the following
described City owned lots; and that the City Attorney be instructed
to prepare said easement so as to include the suggestion submitted
by the City Engineer, and when the easement is approved by the
City Manager, City Engineer, and City Attorney, the Mayor and City
Clerk are hereby authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.