Las Vegas, Nevada
June Seventh, 1944

 At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this

seventh day of June, 1944: Meeting called to order by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:10 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City

Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis C. Wiener, Jr.;

City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent, Commissioner Smith.

 	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of May 22nd be amended

to show the Police and Building Inspectors' Reports ordered filed
were for the month of April and that said minutes be approved as
amended by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried with the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Smith.	 

PAYROLL WARRANTS    Commissioner Corradetti moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 110-119 inclusive,

in the sum of $15,668.17 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign same.

 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following

 	vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, His Honor voting aye;

 	noes, none; absent, Commissioner Smith.

SERVICE AND	  

MATERIAL WARRANTS   Commissioner Corradetti moved that Service and Material Warrants

Nos. 120-123, inclusive, in the sum of $12,476.36 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Smith.

STREET DEPARTMENT	 	Bids from the following companies for liquid asphalt MC-1 were 

BIDS ON ASPHALT	 	received at this time:

Standard Oil Company, 409 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, $12.40
per ton, f.o.b. El Segunda, California.

Richfield Oil Company, 610 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, $12.40
per ton, f.o.b. Watson, California.

Cardinal and Pisetta, 810 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, $17.80
per ton, f.o.b. Las Vegas, Nevada.

Union Oil Company of California, Los Angeles, California, $12.40 per ton,
f.o.b. Wilmington, California.

Commissioner Bates moved that all bids being equal, the City Manager be
directed to purchase carload lots alternately from each bidder as he
deems advisable in an equitable a manner as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none; absent, Commissioner Smith.

CHARLESTON BOULEVARD    Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition filed as of this date
AND MARYLAND DRIVE	with the Board of City Commissioners requesting permission to vacate  

PETITION	certain portions of Charleston Boulevard and Maryland Drive, accompanied with

the tentative map thereof, be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

SUBDIVISION	  Commissioner Bates made a motion that the City Manager be directed to make

REQUIREMENTS	a survey of all sub-divisions in the City of Las Vegas completed since

January 1, 1941, to determine whether or not all requirements for improvements
have been made thereon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

LAS VEGAS GUNNERY      Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to
SCHOOL: ACCESS ROAD    execute a license for installations upon right-of-way belonging to the City

AND TELEPHONE LINES	of Las Vegas of a telephone line and access road at the Las Vegas Gunnery

TRACTS #2 and 9	School, for a consideration of $1.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS     The reports of the Electrical Department, Plumbing Inspector's report for the
ORDERED FILED	month of May, and the Building Inspector's reports for the months of April

and May, having been received, were ordered filed.