At this time City Manager Kennedy reported, to the Commission on South "A" Street
paving between Main and Charleston Boulevard. He stated that the City has com-
pleted its work on sub-base and the work has been completed on the valley gutter.

The plans were turned over to Frank Scott for the paving, to obtain a bid from
Whiting Brothers to put in the asphalt. Whiting Brothers bid amounted to $3,500.00.
Whiting Brothers stated at this time that they bid on 3900 square yards, which is
about one-half the amount of asphalt it will take. It will cost approximately
$3,000.00 above that to finish the street. The monies turned in by the property
owners through Mr. Frank Scott will actually amount, upon completion of the work,
to $7,890.00. Actual cost will be $11,182.00 to complete the work.

This is information to the Commission and a meeting will be held with the parties
concerned to see what can be worked out. Mr. Kennedy further advised that this is
not a request at this time to authorize payment of the difference.

Commissioner Sharp announced that he would like to request permission on behalf of
the Exchange Club to develop the City's piece of property located at 13th and Brid-
ger into a children's playground. Commissioner Sharp stated that this organiza-
tion would like to develop this park in line with the recommendation of the Recrea-
tion Department, and are willing to install a chain-link fence, a retaining wall,
develop the site and put in playground equipment at no cost to the City with the
exception of leveling the lot.

Commissioner Fountain moved the offer to develop a children's playground at 13th
and Bridger be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the County Fair and Recreation Board, advised the Com-
mission that the City should retain the services of an architect to prepare plans
for two additional public swimming pools to be located within the City, as provided
in the recent bond issue sold by the County Fair & Recreation Board.

Discussion was held with the Superintendent of Recreation H. Bruce Trent, and it
was determined that these pools should be located in the following general areas:

1.	Hyde Park - Park Area (adjacent to school property)

2.	John C. Fremont School Park Area (adjacent to school property) St. Louis
Avenue and Maryland Parkway

Commissioner Sharp moved that architect John Replogle be retained by the City to pre-
pare the preliminary plans for two swimming pools at an approximate cost of $50,000.00
for each pool, to include the pool and pool accessories, but no building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn at the hour of 10:20 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

 City Clerk	Mayor

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

June 25, 1957

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 25th
day of June, 1957; at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Opening of bids:	Bid #5721 Two small trucks

Bid #57.22 Two dump trucks
Bid #57.23 Four ½ ton pickups
Bid #57.24 Three Motorcycles

Bid #57.25 One station wagon or One Four Door Sedan or both
Bid #57.26 Walk in Delivery van (Paddy Wagon)

Bid #57.27 One Tanker Truck
Bid #57.28 Four coupes

2.	Discussion of freeway with representatives of North Las Vegas and County.

3.	Public Officials Bonds - Approval      Commissioner Wendell Bunker.

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

6-19-57 (Call-6-25-57)

SOUTH "A" STREET

IMPROVEMENT



PARK IMPROVEMENT
13th & Bridger
Exchange Club

ADDITIONAL PUBLIC
SWIMMING POOLS