Mr. Wade reported that installation of pump on the Rehabilitation Farm Well
has been completed by the contractor S. R. McKinney & Son, and requested
that payment of the retention of $215.63 be made. Mr. Wade further state
that the Notice of Completion on this project had been filed on Mar. 21, 1957.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the contract for the installation of the
pump on the Rehabilitation Farm Well be accepted, the bond released and pay-
ment in the amount of $215.63 authorized to S. R. McKinney & Sons; further
that the Comptroller and Treasurer instructed,to prepare the warrant and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Engineer Wade stated that the installation of the traffic signal system
at 5th and San Francisco has been completed and requested that final payment
to Galland Electric Co. in the amount of $1,123.90 be made. Mr. Wade reported
that the Notice of Completion on this project was filed on March l4, 1957.
Commissioner Sharp moved that the contract for the installation of the traffic
signal system at 3th and San Francisco be accepted, the bonds released and final
payment in the amount of $1,123.90 to Galland Electric Co. authorized; further
that the Comptroller and Treasurer be instructed to prepare the warrant and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Consideration was given to the release of the bond posted by Standard Whole-
sale Supply Co. in connection with Use Permit U-45-56 for the installation of
street paving, curb and gutter along the southside of Bonanza Road between H
Street and Highland Avenue. Mr. Wade reported that the assignment of this
agreement to Union Oil Company had been previously approved on February 20,

1957 and the required bond filed by Union Oil Company with the Clerk. Mr. Wade
recommended that the Standard Wholesale bond be released.	

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted
and Royal Indemnity Company Bond No. 312223 in the amount of $2,000.00, filed
by Standard Wholesale. Supply Company be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. Wade presented the request of Contractor Western States Construction for
extension of time to May 1, 1957 for the completion of the East and West Charles-
ton Fire Stations. The City Engineer explained this request was necessary due
to circumstances arising beyond the control of the Contractor. Mr. Wade further
advised the Commission that the bulk of the deficiencies is in equipment, and
recommended that this request be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Western States Construction for exten-
sion of time to May 1, 1957 for the completion of the East and West Charleston
Fire Stations be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the final acceptance and release of the bond on Glen
Heather Tract No. 2. City Engineer Wade reported that he had on file a letter
from Wells Stewart stating that the seal and chips will be applied to Rancho
Road in this subdivision as soon as the equipment is available, which will be
within approximately three (3) weeks.

Commissioner Fountain moved the improvements in Glen Heather Tract No. 2 be
accepted and the performance bond of Lusk Corporation released, subject to the
filing of a $1,000 bond by Wells-Stewart Construction Co. to cover the installation
of seal and chips on Rancho Road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. Wade presented the request from the Subdivider of the Judy Rich Tract No. 2
for extension of time of one year. Mr. Wade explained that the basis for this
request was that the former over-built condition for apartment units is improv-
ing rapidly, and that with this extension the Subdivider feels it will be possible
to improve and build on these lots within a year.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request for extension of time for the completion
of off-site improvements in the Judy Rich Tract No. 2 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested the final acceptance and payment on the Rehabili-
tation Farm Building constructed by Paul Smitley Co. Mr. Wade reported that the
notice of completion had been recorded on February 11, 1957, and it was recommended
that final payment be made.

Discussion was held on a claim filed by Rexford Supply Company. Mr. Smitley was
present at this time and explained to the Commission the detail on this claim.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that final payment of $4,324.70 to Paul
Smitley contractor for the Rehabilitation Farm Building be made, and the Comp-
troller and Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant in this amount; and that
the performance and materials-men bonds on this project not be released at this
time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



REHABILITATION FARM
WELL PUMP CONTRACT -
Final Payment &

Release of Bond

TRAFFIC SIGNAL SYSTEM
5th & San Francisco
Final Payment & Release
of Bond

USE PERMIT - U-45-56
Standard Wholesale
Release of Bond

FIRE STATIONS -
East & West Charleston
Extension of Time

GLEN HEATHER
TRACT

Acceptance &

Release of Bond

JUDY RIGH TRACT NO. 2
Extension of Time

REHABILITATION FARM
BUILDING
Final Payment