Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Bel-Air Subdivision be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this hour of 10:00 P.M. the meeting recessed.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 10:20 P.M. with all members present as of the
opening session.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Claude
W. Hall for variance to permit the construction of a duplex on the rear of a lot at
320 North 10th Street was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be approved and the following resolution adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 4th day of April, 1952, Claude W. and Ruth M. Fall filed
an application with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to permit the con-
struction of a duplex on the rear of their lot in addition to an existing dwelling
at 320 North 10th Street in; an R-2(Two Family Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on April 24, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised
and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS on April 24, 1952 the Regional Planning Commission approved such
application for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in material
damage to other property in the vicinity or be detrimental: to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with
the Board of City Commissioners on April 29, 1952, recommending that such variance
be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Plan-
ning Commission that Claude W. and Ruth M. Hall be granted permission to construct
a duplex on the rear of their property at 320 North 10th Street in an R-2 (Two Family
Residence) Use District, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of George
Forston for variance to permit the construction of two additional dwellings at 315
Washington Street was read to the Board.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that this application be denied, be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 3rd day of April, 1952, George Fortson filed an applica-
tion with the Regional Planning Commission to permit the construction of two additional
dwelling units on two 25' lots which now have three dwellings thereon, on property
located on 315 Washington Street, in an R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence) Use District;
and

WHEREAS, on April 24, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance;and

WHEREAS, on April 24, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny
the application inasmuch as the lot is already over crowded; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on
March 3, 1952, recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the variance application of George Fortson to permit the construction
of two additional dwelling units on two 25' lots which now have three dwellings' thereon,
on property located at 315 Washington Street, in an R-3 (Limited Multiple Residence)

Use District be denied, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the request of Henry C.

Schultz for rezoning of Lot 16, Block 11, Boulder Addition from R-3 to C-2, was pre-
sented to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that this request for rezoning be denied, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commission-

ers Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of Lots 9 to
16, Block 10, Lots 9 to 16, Block 11, Lots 1 to. 16, Block 16, Lots 1 to 8, Block 17,
and Lots 14 to 17, Block 22, Boulder Addition to R-4 and Lots 6 to 10, Block 12,

Boulder Addition to C-2 be set for June 4, 1952 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of C.R. Millhizer for refund of $50.00 for
slot machines at Randels Cafe, which never opened, be approved.

BEL-AIR-Tentative Map

VARIANCE APPLICATION
C.W. Hall

VARIANCE APPLICATION
George Fortson

REQUEST FOR REZONING
Henry C. Schultz

PROPOSED REZONING
Boulder Addition

APPLICATION FOR REFUND