121

4' x 6'8" for records room to be provided and installed same as
remainder of building, in the sum of $21.60.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

SWIMMING POOL BATH-	Commissioner Clark moved that the following change orders on the

HOUSE	swimming pool bathhouses be approved:

Change orders, #8,

9, 10, 11, 12	Change Order No. 8. addressed to N. P. Van Valkenburgh, dated August	

11, 1947 authorizing the installation of one light outlet and switch
for attic space over first aid and guard office in the sum of $17.20.

Change Order No. 9. addressed to N. P. Van Valkenburgh, dated August
18, 1947 authorizing the installation of

1.	Frame in balance of Park Supt's office ceiling to match existing
ceiling.

2.	The two turnstiles called for on drawings shall be changed to

standard pipes and painted two coats of aluminum paint, (even
exchange).

Change Order No. 10, addressed to N. P. Van Valkenburgh, dated August

18,	1947 authorizing the installation of flooring over the ceiling of
the guards office and first aid room to install 1 x 8 T & G OP floor
properly nailed. $100.00

Change Order No. 11, addressed to N. P. Van Valkenburgh dated August

19,	1947 to provide and install a footing at edge of approach to step-
front entrance to building at a cost of $40.00.

Credit Order No. 12, addressed to N. P. Van Valkenburgh dated August
18, 1947. A deduction will be made for:

1.	A plastered ceiling to guards offices and first aid shall be
eliminated, and exposed joist to ceiling spray painted, $60.00.

2. All plate glass above a point 7' above floor line shall be eliminated
and in place, install DF glass. $131.00.

Total credit order in the sum of $191.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

CLAIM - N. P.	Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of the N. P. Van Valkenburgh

Van Valkenburgh	Co., in the sum of $19,197.00 be approved when satisfactory to the

comptroller and the city manager and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign said warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

SAN FRANCISCO STREET	Commissioner	Baskin moved that the city attorney be directed to write a

Sign ordered	letter to Mr.	John F. Miller requesting him to remove a sign located on

removed	city owned property at or near San Francisco Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

JUVENILE OFFICER	Commissioner	Whipple moved that the Board approve $50.00 a month, payable

Salary	to Russel L.	Knight, as city juvenile officer on a semi-monthly basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, None.

LEASE - portion of	Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney be directed to prepare

War Memorial Bldg.	a lease between the Veterans' Co-ordinating Committee and the City of

	Las Vegas covering a lease for a period of five years of a portion of

the War Memorial Building., formerly occupied by the police department,
for the sum of $1.00 a year. The lessee to stand the cost of all alterations
and utilities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Clifford G. Chester

Nevada Provision Co., 733 N. Main Street for a wholesale beverage and
importer's beverage liquor license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Jules LeBaron, Nevada
Biltmore Hotel Corporation, 600 No. Main Street, for a tavern liquor
license and a cocktail lounge license be approved.