recommending said vacation;

And this Board by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 17th
day of April, 1957, set the 22nd day of May, 1957, at the hour of 8:00 P.M.
at the Commissioner's Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the City Hall,
located at 400 Stewart Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
as the time and place for the Public Hearing on said petition and recommenda-
tion, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid portion of street pro-
posed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the time and
place of the Public Hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Dwight Engebregson, filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy
of which Notice is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 22nd day of
April, 1957, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for vaca-
tion and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board
having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said
Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor Baker and Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Whipple, constituting all members of said Board present
at this meeting, and all members voting in favor of said vacation, that the
strip of land proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public
use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the
City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be mater-
ially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of street as
recorded as Document No. 14857, Book 15, Clark County Records, to-wit:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
being a portion of the S½ of the S½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼
of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, MDB&M,
more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

PARCEL I

The East 30 feet of the W½ of the S½ of the S½ of the SW¼
of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, SAVE and
EXCEPT, the North 30 feet and the South 40 feet, thereof.

PARCEL II

The West 30 feet of the E½ of the S½ of the S½ of the SW¼
of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M. SAVE and
EXCEPT, the North 30 feet and the South 40 feet thereof,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition of
Otis & Florence Harris, Sam & Mattie Williams, Julius Robinson and Ramsarut
Maraj for the vacation of that portion of Jackson Avenue located between "N"
Street and Highland Avenue, His Honor asked if there were any objections to
this proposed vacation.

Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Starling, 206 Madison Avenue, appeared before the Commis-
sion claiming that they were the owners of this property. A check revealed
that Mr. and Mrs. Starling are owners of the property abutting the southerly
portion of this property proposed to be vacated.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this proposed vaca-
tion of a portion of Jackson Avenue located between "N" Street and Highland
Avenue be continued until the next regular meeting of the Commission on June
5, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that City Attorney Cannon and Assistant City Attorney
Hawkins be authorized to represent the City at the Civil Aeronautics Hearing
on the Dallas to West Service, Docket #7596 et al to be held in Dallas, Texas
either May 31 or June 3, 1957, and that expenses be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation of a
Portion of
Jackson Avenue

C.A.B. HEARING -

Dallas, Texas

City Attorneys

to Attend