SECTION 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby
are, authorized and directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectu-
ate the provisions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates
as may reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter alia, to
the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the
amounts certified on the assessment roll together with the amount of cash payments,
the accuracy of property descriptions, the receipt of the assignable certificates
and the delivery of the bonds, and the absence of litigation pending or threatened
affecting the validity of the bonds.

SECTION 7. That after said sanitary sewer improvement bonds are issued,
this ordinance shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest
thereon shall be fully paid, certified and discharged, as herein provided.

SECTION 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in con-
flictwith the provisions of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealer
shall not be construed to revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part thereof,
heretofore repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalid of any section, sentence, clause or part of
this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any
way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the sewers of the City of
Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to install said
sewers, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that it is
necessary immediately to raise funds to install said sewers, therefore, it is
hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary
for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption,
in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 11th day of April, 1956.

(SEAL)	C..D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor	Baker

Nays:	None

Commissioner Fountain then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the fol-
lowing result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Fountain that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and
adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be,and the same are hereby suspended for
the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said Emergency Ordinance
at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in
full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of
said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its
final passage.