MUNICIPAL COURT	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the report of the Municipal Judge

REPORTS	  for the month of January and the accompanying check in the sum of

$4,517.00, he accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT  Commissioner Clark read the report of the Fire Department for the
REPORT	month of January and the report of the Police department on meals

served to the prisoners in the City jail. He also read a letter from
Mr. Sargent, Fire Marshal, relative to the use of his car in City work.

Same were ordered filed and His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, stated
that by virtue of a previous ruling made by the Board, all persons using
their cars in City work would be reimbursed upon filing a claim accomp-
anied by the original sales slip.

TWO-WAY RADIO	Commissioner Smith made a motion to purchase two two-way radios for the

POLICE DEPT.	 Police Department at approximately $400.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

DICTAPHONE	Commissioner Clark made a motion that a Dictaphone, second-hand, be 

POLICE DEPT.	 purchased for the Police Department for approximately $350.00. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner
Smith passed; noes none.

SEWER DISPOSAL	 Commissioner Smith made a motion that the recommendation of Commissioner

PLANT OPERATOR	Rubidoux to hire Lee Simpson to replace Fred Tisdail as sewer disposal plant

operator, at the same salary Mr. Tisdail received, be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

ELECTRICAL DEPT.	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Frank Partee be hired in the electrical

FRANK PARTEE	 department to replace Robert Vechil.  Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SEWER CONNECTION	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Vega Village and El Rancho Village be

VEGA VILLAGE AND   permitted to hook-up with the City sewer at $25.00 for each hook-up and that
EL RANCHO VILLAGE property owners be assessed the regular city assessments. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ASSISTANT SEXTON     Commissioner Tinch moved that J. L. Barber be hired as Assistant Sexton at

J. L. BARBER	the Cemetery at a salary of $160.00 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CEMETARY	 Commissioner Tinch moved that the recommendation of the Cemetery Board, that

COUNTY LOTS	 the County lots at the cemetery be sold for $20.00, be adopted. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

REPORT	 The report of the City Engineer was read and filed. Thereafter, His Honor,

CITY ENGINEER	the Mayor, appointed the City Engineer and the City Attorney to look into the

matter regarding Water Company franchise which was contained in Mr. Brown’s
report and make a recommendation to the Board at the next regular meeting.

WAR MEMORIAL	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for construction of sidewalk from

BUILDING	the City Engineer’s office to the entrance of the City Clerk's Office and

also that shrubs be placed in front of the War Memorial Building. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

STREETS - GRAVEL	Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Tinch be allowed to ask for bids

 from trucking firms to haul gravel on the city streets and that the bids
be submitted to the City Auditor and opened within the space of three days
from this meeting and that top screen gravel be purchased from Southern
Nevada Industries at 90¢ per ton. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch

voting aye; Commissioner Smith and Mayor Garrison passed their vote; noes
none.

VOLUNTEER FIREMEN A claim in the sum of $538.00 for expenses of the volunteer firemen was

CLAIM	presented. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that $400.00 of the claim be allowed

 and the sum of $138.00, covering insurance, be investigated and a report
made at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLEM MALONE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Clem Malone for four days

Claim	salary be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

Two claims covering purchase of clothes for the volunteer firemen were
referred to the Police Commissioner.