LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Moore moved the application of Alice Owen, Sip 'n Bite Cafe, 407

Changes	Fremont for a Restaurant Beverage license for 1951 be approved subject to favor-

able investigation by the Police Department.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of the First National Bank and Dave
Wolzinger, Thrifty Liquor, 28 Fremont, Retail Liquor (Mina.) license for 1951 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Moore', Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Bunker.

TAXI APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Moore moved the application of Boulder Cab Company for renewal of four

	taxicab licenses for 1951 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Bunker

STREET SYSTEM

Filey Tract	Commissioner Moore moved the request of Janies L. Filbey for the City to accept certain

roads in his tract in the n½, SE¼ of Section 32, T 20 S., R 61E., MDB&M be referred
	to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Commissioner Bunker arrived at the meeting.

WATER SERVICE -	At this time the report from the City. Manager on water service on the Westside was pre-

Public Hearing	sented to the Board for their information. Commissioner Moore moved that a public

	hearing be held January 31, 1951 at 8:00 P.M. with property owners in the City to

discuss the proposed increase in water rates.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

RINGSIDE LIQUOR STORE	The request of Richard L. Russell to moved his Ringside Liquor Store from 123 North

Request to move	2nd to 1735 South 5th was presented to the Board.

	Commissioner Moore moved this request be denied at the location of 1735 South 5th

Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

PERFORMANCE BOND -	Commissioner Peccole moved the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Co. be notified that

C. Van Patten	the City requests completion of conditions guaranteed by their performance bond issued

Boulder Dam Homesites	for C. Van Patten Desert Construction Company for Boulder Dam Homesites, Tract No. 5.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Cragin.

RECESS	There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner;

Moore moved this meeting recess until January 25, 1951 at the hour of 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Cragin.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



	City Clerk			 Mayor Pro Tem	

*******************

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 25, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, was held on Thursday, the 25th day of January, 1951, at the hour of 3:30
 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall, being the regular meeting place of said Board, at which
meeting there were present and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor Pro Tem:	Reed Whipple

Commissioners:	Wendell Bunker

Robert T. Moore
William Peccole

Absent:	Mayor Cragin

constituting all of the members of said Board. There were also present the following: