REZONING

Sec. 2, T21S
Pardee-Phillips

REZONING

El Centro

Tract #2

REZONING

Lawrence Love Tract V
Z-42-54

VARIANCE

Rose Holding Corp.

V-57-54

MARCH OF DIMES

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION

PETITION FOR
VACATION

USE PERMIT

John W. Martin

U-46-54

This being the time set for public hearing on the application for rezoning from R-2 to R-1
of all of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 2, T21S, R61E, MDB&M except the southern 200 feet,
His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced. His Honor said this
frontage is on San Francisco Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this application for rezoning from R-2 to R-1 of all of the
SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 2, T21S, R61E, MDB&M except the southern 200 feet be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett
stated that he wrote insurance for these people. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time set for public hearing on the application for rezoning from R-3 to
R-4 of Block 3, El Centro Addition Tract No. 2, His Honor asked if there were any
objections. None were voiced.

Mr. Franklin Bills said that there was no objection to this rezoning from the Planning
Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application for rezoning from R-3 to R-4 of Block 3,

El Centro Addition Tract No. 2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time set for public hearing on the rezoning from R-3 to R-4 of the Lawrence
Love Tract, His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this rezoning from R-3 to R-4 of the Lawrence Love Tract
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time set for a public hearing on the application of the Rose Holding
Corporation for a variance to use the property at 106 Van Buren (Lot 3 Block 24, Valley
View Addition) for a 10-unit apartment-office building, His Honor asked if there were
any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that this hearing be continued until January 19, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Mr. Joe MacDonald appeared before the Board on behalf of the March of Dimes.

He requested approval of plans of teen-agers to raise money for this cause. No objections
were made.

At this time Mr. Robert G. Poage appeared before the Board to request a reduction in
solicitors license for Mr. John O'Neil and himself to sell The American Peoples Encyclopedia.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the solicitors license for Mr. O'Neil and Mr. Poage be
reduced to $5.00 per quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time a petition for the vacation of Bonneville Avenue between 13th and 14th Streets
was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on this vacation be held on February 16,

1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the request of John W. Martin to use his residence at 125 South 10th Street
for a public accounting business was considered. This application was approved by the
Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of John W. Martin for a use permit be
approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 5th day of January, 1955, having considered the application of John W. Martin
to use his residence at 125 South 10th Street for a public accounting business; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW THEREFORE it is the decision of this Board that the application of John W. Martin for a
use permit to use his residence at 125 South 10th Street for a public accounting business,
be approved and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

1-5-55