At this point Mayor Baker asked Mr. Bills that in regard to Rezoning (Z-2-59) and
Rezoning (Z-4-59) that when application is made for whatever particular use is 
intended, a use permit would still be required, and Mr. Bills answered in the 
affirmative stating that approval of said use permits will also come before the Board
of City Commissioners.

-0O0-

PUBLIC HEARING 8:00 P.M.	This being the time heretofore set for the Public Hearing on the Abandonment of a

Abandonment of Portion	portion of Tonopah Drive, the City Clerk read a letter received from Dr. Guild

of Tonopah Drive	Gray, Superintendent of the Clark County School District indicating that because

of the difficulties involved regarding the closing of Tonopah Drive, arrangements
Withdrawn	have been made by the School District to purchase land to the north of the Bonanza

School site, east of Tonopah Drive.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the petition for the abandonment of Tonopah Drive be
withdrawn from the agenda in view of the letter received from the Clark County School
District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

USE PERMIT (U-5-59)	The Commission considered the application of Gwendolyn Walsh to operate a professional

Gwendolyn Walsh	office, to wit:	a Real Estate Office at 716 South 10th Street between Charleston

and Garces Street, legally described as Lots 23 and 24, Block 21, Wardie Addition,
Approved	in an R-4 zone.

Approval recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following
conditions:	(There were no protests.)

1.	Signing of an offsite improvement agreement and posting of a bond to cover the
cost of offsite improvements as recommended by the Engineering Department.

Agreement has been signed and certified check in the amount of $174.68 has been
received.

2.	Asphaltic surfacing of the necessary off-street parking spaces as shown on the
plot plan.

3.	Advertising signs limited to one non-neon sign, maximum size 18" x 48".

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Gwendolyn Walsh to operate a
real estate office at 716 South 10th Street between Charleston and Garces Street,
legally described as Lots 23 and 24, Block 21, Wardie Addition, in an R-4 zone,
be approved subject to the recommendations of the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

BID NO. 59.09	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Engineering Department that Bid

½ Ton Pickup	No. 59.09 fpr ½ Ton Pickup Truck be awarded to the Clark County Wholesale Mercantile

Clark County Wholesale	Co., 512 South Main, on the basis of low bid in the amount of $1,740.84.

Award	Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 59.09 for ½ Ton Pickup Truck be awarded to the

Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co., in the amount of $1,740.84.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

BLOCK RETAINING WALL	The Commission considered the request	of the Engineering Department to advertise for

HADLAND PARK	bids to be opened April 15, 1959, for	a Block Retaining Wall to be installed around

the northeast corner of Hadland Park. Because of the difference in the elevation of
Approved to go to Bid	the existing development in Hadland Park and the completed grade of sidewalk and curb

April 15, 1959	constructed on Stewart Avenue and 28th Street, it is recommended that a Block Retaining

Wall be constructed for a distance of approximately 600' at an estimated cost of

$1,600.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request to advertise for bids to be opened April 15,
1959, for a Block Retaining Wall to be installed at Hadland Park be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

PUMP HOUSE FOR GOLF	The Commission considered the request	of the Engineering Department to advertise for

COURSE RESERVOIR	bids to be opened April 15, 1959, for the Pump House at the Golf Course Reservoir.

It is recommended that bids be received for the construction of a pump house building
Approved to go to Bid	to enclose the pumps and electrical transformers at the	Golf Course Reservoir.	The

April 15, 1959	estimated cost of this work is approximately $1,800.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request to advertise for bids to be opened April 15,
1959; Tor Pump House for the Golf Course Reservoir be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

HYDE PARK RECREATION	The Commission considered the request of the Engineering Department to advertise for

AREA & ROTARY PARK	bids to be opened April 15, 1959, for installation of a	Sprinkler System at the	Hyde

SPRINKLER SYSTEM	Park Recreation Area, containing approximately 12 acres	at an estimated cost of	$18,000;

and for the installation of a Sprinkler System at the Rotary Park Area adjacent to
Approved to go to Bid	Hinson Street at an estimated cost of $5,000. Director of Public Works Sauer stated

April 15, 1959	that the Rotary Club will participate in the cost of the sprinkler system at the Rotary

Park; however, Hyde Park Sprinkler System will be financed by the City.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request to advertise for bids to be opened April 15,
1959, Tor Hyde Park Recreation Area and Rotary Club Sprinkler System be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.	

3-18-59