The business of transferring the C.W.A. contract to the N.E.R.A. was considered by the
Board at this time and on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was
moved and carried by that the Mayor, E.W. Cragin be given power to transfer the contract from
the C.W.A. to the N.E.R.A. so that the sewer system in the City of Las Vegas might be com-
pleted.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett Garble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that all slot machine applications presented to the Board at this time be granted. Applications
being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that two wholesale beverage licenses be granted to Nevada Supply Company and the Clark Co.
Wholesale Mercantile Company Inc. Applications be accompanied by the required sum.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tues. the 17th day of April 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 17th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
egas held on the 17th day of April 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Marble and Down Mayor Cragin, City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Arnett.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following slot mach-
ine licenses for the second quarter 1934 were allowed:

E.P. Bihlmaier	23 slot machine licenses

L.L. Arnett & John Graglia 3 slot machine licenses

Cut Rate Market,	1 slot machine license.

Vote on the granting of the above mentioned slot machine licenses were as follows, Com-
missioners Down	and Marble, and	His Honor the Mayor voting aye.	Noes	none.

On	motion	of Commissioner	Marble seconded by Commissioner	Down	it was moved and carried

that a cabaret license be granted William Pansey at 120¼ no 1st St. Application being in pro-
per form and money to cover the same ($300.00) accompanying the application.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it moved and carried

that all retail	 5¼% beverage applications presented to the Board at this time be granted, also

a retail family liquor store license to Nick Lejan.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

The consideration of the bid of the First State Bank on the bid for the sixteen Las Vegas
Sewer Bonds, 1931 issue was next considered.	

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioners Down the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved that the bid of the First State Bank for purchase of sixteen Las Vegas Sewer
Bonds, 1931, issue be accepted. Said purchase to be of bonds numbers 17-18-19-20-21-22-23-24,
due and payable July 1st, 1935, and bonds nos. 25-26-27-28-29-30-31-32 due and payable July
1st, 1936. Said bid being as follows:

For any part or all of the bonds bearing interest at the rate of six per cent (6%) per
annum, payable semiannually, to be sold April 12, 1934, we bid par pus accrued interest. Sub-
ject to the approval of their Attorney as to their validity.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioner Marble, and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said bid was accompanied by a check for $800.00.

meeting

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the recessed until Friday
the 27th day of April, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.