344

Southwest Liquor Store
Stan & Mary's
Standard Market
Sam Stearns
Sunset Liquor Store
Swiss Village
Tatum's Bar-B-Q
The Tavern
Ted & Dot's Cafe
Thelma & Doris Cafe
Thrifty Market
Tivoli Tavern

Town Barbecue
Twin Lakes Farm Corp.
Two-O-Two Bar-
Uncle Andy's Chow Shop
Vada's Cafe
Virginia's Cafe
Western Liquor Store

Westside Shopping Center
Wood Brothers Drive In
White Spot Cafe

Max Gordon

Stanley Morse

Blaine Johnson

Sam Stearns

Weston W. Barnes

Howard W. Gale

James J. Tatum

0. C. Welter

T. R. Wall

Thelma Borgfeld

Gus Klein

J. B. Gaut &
Primrose Lane

C. D. Ciliax

M. I. Horgen

Wm. H. Elwell

Andrew L. Bruner

Helen Leavitt

Virginia Barrett

Cecil L. lynch &
L. Wayne Stewart

Harvey Jones

Herman W. Wood

J. S. Pappas

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing applications for renewal of liquor
license with the exception of the application of Paul Gang, Main Liquor Store, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Las Vegas Club, 18 Fremont, J. Kell

Las Vegas Club	Houssels for a retail tavern liquor license for the first quarter of 1949 be granted

	since there are no pending applications on file.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Charles W. Hancock, Esquire Bar, 120

Esquire Bar	South 2nd Street for a retail tavern liquor license, said license which was heretofore

issued in the name of L. R. Schway, be referred to the Police Department for investiga-
tion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Baskin moved that the following applications for taxi licenses be granted:

	Checker Cab Corporation 3 Taxis

Boulder Taxi	5	Taxis

Lucky Cab Company	11	Taxis

Union Cab	2	Taxis

Whittlesea Blue Cab	10	Taxis

Tanner Motor Tours	6	Taxis	-	14	U-Drives

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAULINE CLINE	Commissioner Clark moved that the matter of re-zoning of property owned by Pauline

PROPERTY	Cline on Charleston Boulevard between 14th & l5th Streets approved on December 7, 1948,

be held in abeyance for ninety days for further investigation.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the meeting recessed for ten minutes.

At the hour of 5:00 P.M. the meeting reconvened with all members present as of the
opening session.