Commissioner Peccole moved that after the agenda has been drawn
up by the City Clerk and sent to the Board members any emergency
matters be referred to the City Manager to determine whether or not
they shall be presented at the meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Banker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner
Peccole, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted, and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of June, 1951, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated 5th day of June, 1951, executed by
Louis and Gertrude Du Bois to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of L. L. Brown, H & B
All Nite Market, 1619 Fremont for a licenses for two slot machines
for the second quarter of 1951 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Bobby Lee Moore, Famous
Sandwich Shop, 222 Fremont for a Restaurant Beverage liquor license
for. the second quarter of 1951 be approved subject to investigation
by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for. partial
payment of $6,043.44 on Assessment District No. 200-3 be approved
end the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the petition of property owners in the
McNeil Tract requesting the creation of an assessment district for the
installation of sewers be referred to the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of the Van Patten Tract
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Commissioner Jarrett voted no because he had not seen the map.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Jarrett moved this meeting adjourn until June 13,
1951 at 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



	City Clerk	Mayor

* * * *

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 13, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 13th day
of June, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present

AGENDA

RESOLUTION - Deed
Assessment District
No. 200-3



GAMING APPLICATION

LIQUOR APPLICATION



PARTIAL PAYMENT 
Assessment District
No. 200-3



PETITION - Sewer
District



TENTATIVE MAP -
Van Patten Tract