OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 29th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 29th day of Sept. 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hnasell, and
German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City of Las Vegas was present at this
time and entered into a detailed explanation of the plans, and specification of the pro-
posed sewer system and disposal plant for the City of Las Vegas.

After some discussion on the plans and specifications on motion of Commissioners
Hansell seconded by commissioner German it was moved that the plans and specifications be
accepted and that the City of Las Vegas advertise for contractors' bids on the proposed	

work. Monday the 26th day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. was the time
set for the receiving of bids from contractors.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said notice was to be published once a week for two consecutive weeks in the Las
Vegas Age, and the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, daily newspaper printed in the City of
Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance defining certain crimes and misdemeanors against the peace health
and safety of the City of Las Vegas, providing punishment therefor, and repealing all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first time and
laid- over for a second reading.

Hotel Nevada Mining Company, a corporation, presented to the Board an appli-
cation for a permit to construct, erect and maintain pillars or columns upon the sidewalk
space abutting on what is known as the Hotel Nevada, situate on lots 1 to 5 inclusive in
Block No. 3 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, such columns to be
about seventeen in number (four of which have already been constructed) each to consist of
an iron I-Beam or column about 6	in. by 6	in. square, and	are to extend	about six inches

over the property line into the	sidewalk	space,	and each	to be covered	with reinforced	

concrete to a width not to exceed thirty-six inches and to extend into the sidewalk space
not more than eight and one-half inches. These I-Beams or columns to rest upon reinforced
concrete foundation situate about one-half under sidewalk and about one-half under the
outer wall of building.

After due consideration of the matter it was upon motion of Commissioners Mundy
seconded by Commissioner Hansell, duly resolved as follows:

Resolved that the application of said Hotel Nevada Mining Company for permit to
construct and erect certain pillars and columns on the sidewalk space abutting on what is
known as the Hotel Nevada situate	on lots	1 to 5	inclusive	in Block No.	3 of Clark's Las

Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas,	be and	the same	is hereby approved, and that the	

Mayor and City Clerk, under the seal of said City, be and they are hereby authorized to ex-
ecute a formal permit in the form presented to the Board upon the special condition, as
stated in such form of permit, that the permit is granted condition that the same be ac-
cepted in writing by the Permittee, Hotel Nevada Mining Company, within fifteen days from
the date of the enactment of this Resolution, otherwise the said Permit shall be void and of
no effect.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 1st day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 1st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 1st day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners
Mundy, German, Hansell, Thomas, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time the matter of granting the gaming licenses for the fourth quarter
was brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the following gaming licenses be granted as the applications were in proper form, and
the money to cover the costs of said licenses being on file with the City Clerk.

J.H. Morgan and Mayme V. Stocker, one each draw poker, stud poker, and pan-
quinia, two twenty-one games, 1 crap game one roulette wheel, 1 Faro Bank,

Mrs. Tom Rowan and Leo Kind, 1 Keno game, 2 Thenty-One Games, 2 Roulette Wheels,

2 Crap Tables, One Big Six, and four Poker Tables, and two Panguinia tables.

A.T.Mc Carter Five Poker Tables One Roulette Wheel, one Twenty-One, and one Crap

game.

Boulder Club, 2 Poker Tables, 2 Panquinia Tables, 1 Roulette Wheel, 1 Big Wheel,

2 Crap Games, 1 Faro, 1 Horse Book, and 2 Twenty-one Games.