USE PERMIT
APPLICATION
Louise Snyder

VARIANCE APPLICATION
H. W. Kieren

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Rose Massovich
Approved

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Ralph Seward
Approved

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in a
regular meeting held this 7th day of July, 1954, having considered the application of Flo
Hanson for a use permit to authorize the continued maintenance of a child nursery at
1315 Francis Avenue; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment denying this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Flo Hanson for a
use permit to authorize the continued maintenance of a child nursery at 1315 East Francis
be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the vote as follows:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Louise Snyder for a use permit to conduct a dressmaking establishment
as a home occupation in her home at 321 North Bruce Street, as approved by the Board of
Adjustment was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance until July 9, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of H. W. Kieren for a variance to construct and maintain an automatic type
laundry in addition to an existing dry cleaning plant at 601 South 5th Street, as
approved by the Board of Adjustment, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for a variance be approved subject to
compliance with the provisions set forth by the Fire Prevention Bureau and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting
held this 7th day of July, 1954, having considered the application of H. W. Kieren for a
variance to construct and maintain an automatic type laundry at 601 South 5th Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment recommending approval
of this application

NOW THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of H. W. Kieren for a
variance to construct and maintain an automatic type laundry in addition to an existing
dry cleaning plant be and the same is hereby approved subject to compliance with the
provisions set forth by the Fire Prevention Bureau.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 The application of Rose Massovich for a variance to complete and maintain a guest house
without kitchen facilities at the rear of 614 North 10th Street, Lot 7, Block 4,

Stewart Addition, as approved by the Board of Adjustments, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting held the 7th day of July, 1954, having considered the application of Rose Massovich
for a variance to complete and maintain a guest house without kitchen facilities at the
rear of 614 North 10th Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment recommending approval
of this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Rose Massovich for
a variance to complete and maintain a guest house without kitchen facilities at the rear
of 614 North 10th Street be and the same is hereby approved and the inspection departments
are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



The application of Ralph Seward for a variance to construct and maintain a kitchen and
bathroom in an existing guest house on property at 1601 Carson was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting held the 7th day of July, 1954, having considered the application of Ralph
Seward for a variance to construct and maintain a kitchen and bathroom in an existing
guest house at 1601 Carson; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ralph Seward for a
variance to construct and maintain a kitchen and bathroom in an existing guest house at
1601 Carson be and the same is hereby approved and the inspection departments are authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarret and His Honor.

7-7-54