Tankel's North Addition; owners, First State Bank, being the S½ of the S½, Section
26, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M.

Tankel's North Addition No. 2; owners, First State Bank, being that portion of the
S½ of the SW¼ of Section 25 of Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M.

Vegas Vista City Addition; Owners, A. W. Ham, Alta M. Ham, C. S. Wengert, Lottie E.
Wengert, C. L. Ronnow and Mary Ronnow, being that certain piece or parcel of land being all
of the Northwest ¼ of Section 29, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

No further business appearing at this time, the meeting was recessed to the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, this date.

7:30 P. M.

Meeting was called to order by the Mayor, the following being present: His Honor, the
Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and N. C. German, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Written application of Marlin Water Company for permit to use streets and alleys of
certain portions of the City of Las Vegas for laying and maintaining of water mains and
pipes for distribution of water, was presented to the Board. Thereupon, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that there be executed in duplicate by the Mayor
and Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights of the City of Las Vegas, and attested by the
Clerk, a permit to the said Marlin Water Company, provided the same is executed within
forty days hereof, the vote being as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read to the Board a petition signed by a number of journeymen
barbers in business in the City of Las Vegas, requesting that the City pass and adopt an
ordinance regulating the hours which barber shops shall be open in the City of Las Vegas.
Said petition was referred to the City Attorney.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was adjourned
to Thursday, April 4th, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 4th, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of April, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk; reports read and approved.

Roy Neagle, Police and Fire Commissioner being absent, W. B. Mundy, Finance Commissioner
was appointed by his Honor, the Mayor to audit Police and Fire claims.

Mr. R. F. Crittenden appeared before the Board with his attorney, Thos. J. Salter, Esq.,
and requested a permit to lay gas mains and pipes in the City of Las Vegas, the Clerk there-
after reading their written application for such permission. It was moved by Commissioner
Mundy and seconded by Commissioner Smith that Mr. Crittenden present a form of permit for
approval. Motion carried.