The Planning Director advised the Commission that it was felt that this rezoning
would take care of the proposed development of this area, and would minimize the
number of applications for use permits and variances.

Commissioner Bunker asked what the thinking of the Planning Commission was in
recommending an R-3 in lieu of R-4. Mr. Bills stated that R-4 zoning often encourages 
application for use permits and variances to allow professional offices,
parking lots and the like; on the other hand, R-3 permits limited multiple dwelling
 construction and is a better "buffer" between industrial or commercial uses
and the residential uses.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any protests, comments or questions.
None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for rezoning of the property in
Section 26-20-61 from R-4 and C-2 to M-1 and R-3; as recommended by the 
Planning Commission, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor

Baker. Mayor Pro Tem Whipple passed his vote and stated that he is President of
the Las Vegas Stake of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.

USE PERMIT (U-12-58)	Consideration was given to the application of William E. Pritchett for a Use

Wm. E. Prtichett	Permit to authorize the conduct of a portable power sweeper business as a home

Approved	occupation at 2004 Franklin Avenue (Lot 9, Block 11, Columbia Heights Addition),

in an R-1 zone. Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Board
of Adjustment recommended that this application be approved, subject to the 
following conditions:

1.	No equipment to be stored on the premises.

2.	The Use Permit limited to Mr. Pritchett only.

3.	A check made in one year by the License Department concerning
the operation of this business as a home occupation.

Mr. Bills stated that all off-site improvements are in, and there were no protests
at the Board of Zoning Adjustment meeting.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any further comments, questions or 
protests on this application for a Use Permit. None were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William E. Pritchett for a Use
Permit be approved, subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Zoning
Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 4th day of June, 1958 having considered the application 
of William E. Pritchett for Use Permit to authorize the conduct of a portable 
power sweeper business as a home occupation at 2004 Franklin Avenue (Lot 9;
Block 11, Columbia Heights Addition) in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
approving this application subject to the following conditions:

1.	No equipment to be stored on the premises.

2.	The Use Permit limited to Mr. Pritchett only.

3.      A check made in one year by the License Department concerning
the operation of this business as a home occupation.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of William
E. Pritchett for Use Permit be approved subject to the conditions as set forth
by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple 
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE (V-6-58)	The Commission considered the application of John Replogle for variance to build

John Replogle	a dwelling on an undersized lot at 214 Circle Drive, (Lot 29; Block 8, Amended

Approved	Mayfair Tract No. 2), in an R-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills explained that through error in the original Subdivision
this particular lot does not meet the 6,000 square foot requirement. He advised
that the Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended approval of this application, and
the applicant has advised that the dwelling will meet all setback requirements.

Mr. Bills stated that the Engineering Department has recommended an improvement
agreement and bond for the installation of sidewalks and a driveway, said requirement 
which has not been complied with at this time.

Discussion was held on the off-site improvement requirement and it was the concensus 
of the Commission that since this was a new construction in an area where
these particular improvements are not already installed, that the applicant
should be required to construct the sidewalks and driveway as recommended.

„	Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any comments, questions or objections.

None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved subject to the
signing of an agreement and posting of a performance bond for the installation of
sidewalk and driveway as required by the Director of Public Works, and the following 
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 4th day of June, 1958 having considered the application 
of John Replogle for variance to build a dwelling on an undersized lot at
214 Circle Drive, (Lot 29, Block 8, Amended Mayfair Tract No. 2), in an R-1 zone;
and

6-4-58