481

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PAWN SHOP APPLICATION	The application of J. D. Bentley, 205 Fremont for a pawnshop license was

	requested held in abeyance until October 3, 1949 at 3:00 P.M.

BIDS - Printing of	Consideration of bids received for the printing of Civil Service Rules and

Civil Service Rules	Regulations were requested held in abeyance until October 3, 1949.

& Regulations

	There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time

	 Commissioner Whipple moved that this meeting recess until October 3, 1949

at 3:00 P.M.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 3, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 3rd day of October, 1949
was called to order at the hour of 3:50 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the follow-
ing members present:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; Acting City Manager George

0.	Treem, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

EMERGENCY LOAN -	This being the time set for the award of bid on the City of las Vegas temporary emergency loan

Bid Accepted	in the amount of $120,000, His Honor read the bid of the Board of Finance (Public Employees

RESOLUTION NO. 156	Retirement Fund) heretofore opened on September 28, 1949. Thereafter the following action

was taken:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, under date of September 12, 1949 the Board of Commissioners passed a resolution declaring
that an emergency and great necessity existed requiring a temporary loan for the purpose of meeting such ne-
cessity and emergency, and;

WHEREAS, pursuant to such resolution a notice of the intention of the Board to act thereon was duly
published in the Las Vegas Review Journal in its issue of August 25, 1949, reciting that at a meeting of the
said Board of City Commissioners to be held on	the	12th	day of September, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 o'clock

P.M. of said day in the Commissioners' Room in	the	City	Hall in Las	Vegas, Nevada, said Board would act upon

a resolution reciting the character of the necessity and authorizing a temporary emergency loan in the sum of
$120,000.00, and,

WHEREAS, said Board of Commissioners	did	meet	at the time	and place specified, to-wit: on the 12th

day of September, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 o'clock	P.M.	on said day	in the Commissioners' Room in the City

Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada, and;

WHEREAS, at the time and place specified, and a full Board being present, said Board unanimously
adopted a resolution reciting the existence of a great emergency and necessity for a temporary loan of
$120,000.00, and in which resolution a temporary loan in said amount was unanimously authorized for the pur-
pose of meeting the necessity and emergency existing, and;

WHEREAS, pursuant to the resolution last above mentioned, a certified copy thereof was forwarded to
the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada for its approval, and;

WHEREAS, at its meeting held September 21, 1949, said State Board of Finance approved the action
and resolution of the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan
in the amount of $120,000.00 as in said resolution set forth and authorized, a certified copy of the resolution
of said Board of Finance authorizing said temporary loan being in the words and figures following:

" STATE BOARD OF FINANCE
Meeting held September 21. 1949

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board of Finance, duly called
and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of that certain Act of the Legislature of
Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, Town, School Districts
and other Governmental Agencies," approved March 22, 1917, as amended, that a great necessity or em-
ergency has arisen in the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, State of Nevada, and that necessity now exists for au-
thorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by and on the part of the CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS for the purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the preamble and
resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS duly
called and held on the 12TH OF SEPTEMBER, authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in
said resolution, a duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the office of the
State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said emergency resolution was
duly published according to law, therefore, be it