surrounded by high-class single-family residences; and written objections have
been filed by twenty families in the immediate neighborhood.

His Honor asked if there were any further objections to this variance.

Mr. Claude Bailey, 2033 W. Charleston, said that he hoped that there would be
no commercial building in that area and that he did not believe in spot zoning
at this time.

Mr. Leo McNamee, representing Mr. S. M. Fong, 2127 W. Charleston Boulevard, stated
that his client wished to register a protest to this variance if his name was
not already listed as an objector.

Mrs. Connie Hurley, 2231 W. Charleston Boulevard, stated that she wished to make
her position clear in that while she lived more than 300 feet from this property,
she did live within 300 feet of other property that, if this were rezoned, would
undoubtedly be rezoned and she would then be involved. She felt that there was
a definite campaign to turn the whole area commercial, and she wished to protest
this or any other change of use in the area.

The following persons registered protests against the variance:

Mr. Duncan McRae, 903 Tonopah; Mesdames Lloyd E. Clark, 2025 Hastings; Charles
De Armond, 1129 Pahor Drive; Nick Pahor, 1116 Pahor Drive.

His Honor asked if there were any persons present who were in favor of the variance.

Messrs. L. H. Walters, 2148 W. Charleston; R. R. Russell, 1106 Westwood Drive;

Otis Wright, 905 Rose Street; and Joe Pasco, 2125 W. Charleston spoke in favor
of the variance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this hearing be closed and the matter be taken
under advisement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the application of the City to
operate an animal pound on property described as a portion of the SW¼ NW¼ Section
36, T20S, R61E, MDB&M in an R-E zone, the matter was considered by the Board.

The Board of Adjustment had approved this permit.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this use permit.

Messrs. Robert Barrett, 3000 block Cedar St; E. R. Gibson, 510 No. 28th and
John Bails, owner of approximately 10 acres on 30th Street, registered protests
against this use permit.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this hearing be closed and the matter taken
under advisement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Jack Gilson, owner of the Swinging Door Saloon, 111 North 1st Street,
appeared before the Board to show cause why his tavern liquor license should not be
revoked. On July 14, 1955, the Police Department received a report of disturbance
and found Irving Gilson, brother of the owner, in a drunken condition.

Mr. Harry Claiborne and Leo Gilson appeared before the Commission on August 17, 1955
and requested that this matter be continued until this time. Mr. Leo Gilson appeared
with his brother.

His Honor read a report from the Police Department citing the various disturbances in
the Swinging Door Saloon, and asked Mr. Jack Gilson if he were aware of these things.
Mr. Gilson stated that he was only aware of two or three of them, and that he had
defended himself at that time.

He stated that the one specific complaint that they employed B girls was not true,
and that they had even called Mr. Kennedy and informed him that they were doing
without cocktail waitresses to be certain that there would be no further trouble
along this line.

Mr. George Allen, Police Chief, said that Mr. Jack Gilson was fully aware of some
arrests made, and that Mr. Gilson had protested against some of the arrests, stating
that the people were not drunk, but that the Police Department had found them grossly
intoxicated.

His Honor stated that the primary interest of the Board was in the complaint that
liquor was being served to minors, and prostitution.

Mr. Jack Gilson said that he was not able to spend all his time at the Swinging Door
Saloon as he had other interests but that he turned over the business to his brother,
Leo Gilson, when he was away.

Mr. Harry Claiborne said that Irving Gilson had never been an owner of the Swinging
Door Saloon nor a licensee, as reported by the Police Department.

Commissioner Sharp said that he wanted to know how Jack Gilson was going to keep
his brother Irving out of the saloon since he had made the same promise four months
ago and had been unable to do so.

Commissioner Fountain asked how often Irving comes into the Swinging Door Saloon.

He was told that it is almost a daily occurrence but that Irving had given his
promise that he would not come into the Swinging Door Saloon.

9-7-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Animal Pound
U-26-55

LICENSE REVOCATION
Jack Gilson
Swinging Door Saloon