APRIL 16, 1942

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of April,

1942. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P. M., by His Honor, Mayor Howell C.
Garrison, with the following members present: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and
Tinch. City attorney, Paul Ralli, purchasing agent, LeRoy Whipple and city clerk, Helen

Minutes of the meetings of April 6th and 8th respectively were read and approved as

read.

Bids from Hampton Bros. and Mr. Jorgensen for construction of a house; to house the
transformer were opened at this time. 

Commissioner Rubidoux moved the the bid of Hampton Bros be accepted. Same being
in the amount of $463.00 and the lowest bid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a coupe for the street superintendent were opened at this time. Five bids
were sent out but only one returned.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of Hogan & Westlake for 1 Dodge Coupe in the
sum of $1225.00 be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.



Bids on a used ½ ton pick-up truck for the cemetery department were opened. Only bid
having been returned from Porter & Baskin.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bid be held over and that the road department
mechanic be authorized to make a thorough inspection of the car and described in said bid and report back at the next
meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Rubidoux.

Commissioner Clark passed his vote.

Mr. Lang, of the U. S. Weather Bureau, appeared before the Board regarding rental of
space in the new Administration Building at the airport. Commissioner Tinch moved that
Commissioner Smith and His Honor, Mayor Garrison, take the matter under consideration
and submit a report at the next meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the United States Government finds it necessary to lease additional land at
the Las Vegas Flexible Gunnery School, and

WHEREAS, the additional land required belongs to the city of Las Vegas, and the said
city of Las Vegas is willing to lease said additional land to the United States Government
whenever the proper leases are drawn by the said government of the United States and
presented to it.

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED THAT the following described parcels of land

PARCEL No. 1: East ½ of Section 4, Township 20 S, Range 62 E. M.D.B. & M, with
the exception of the right-of-way U. S. Highway 91 -93 and that portion thereof heretofore
leased by the city of Las Vegas to the United States of America

PARCEL No. 2: That portion of the N½ of the NW¼ of Section 3, lying south and east
of U. S. Highway 91 except that portion thereof heretofore leased by the city of Las
Vegas to the United States of America, And also saving and excepting therefrom that certain
one acre reserved in the deed from Bud S. Barrett and Sue Barrett, husband and wife, of
the city of Las Vegas, and recorded March, 1941 in Book 28 of Deeds, Page 59, all in
township 20 S, Range 62 M.D.B & M.

Parcel No. 3. The W½ of Section 33, Township 20 S, Range 62 E, M.D.B & M

be leased over to the United States Government and the Mayor is hereby authorized to sign
said leases when same are presented under the same terms and conditions as the former leases
have been signed with the United States Government.

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing Resolution. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. commissioners Clark, Rubidoux
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city of Las Vegas grant the United States of America
an easement over certain lands for road purposes and for a pipe line for water transportation
as more particularly described in the Easement Deed now on file in the office of the City
Clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch	and	His Honor	voting	aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved	that warrants	numbered 668 to 672 inclusive	be	granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch	and	His Honor	voting	aye.	Noes, none.

The following Resolution	was	presented	to the	Board	for their consideration.

RESOLUTION

It appearing to the Board that is was necessary, urgent and beneficial to make certain
sewerage improvements which improvements consisted of installing certain sewer mains, and