7:30 P.M.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MAY 22, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day of May,

1942. Meeting called to order by Mayor Pro Tem, Pat Clark, with the following members
present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, city purchasing agent, LeRoy Whipple, city

auditor, A. W. Blackman, acting city attorney, Madison B. Graves and city clerk, Helen Scott
Reed. City Attorney, Paul Ralli.

Absent: Mayor Garrison.

Reading of the Minutes of the previous meeting were waived until the meeting of the 25th.

Mayor Pro Tem Clark turned the meeting over to Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Smith then took up the matters heretofore outlined for round table discussion.

Commissioner Smith moved to instruct the purchasing agent not to approve an order until
the requisition is property dated. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Street Department be authorized to rent any and all 
road equipment during periods when it isn't necessarily in use by the city and for the proper rental
thereof. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Lynn Botts be hired as superintendent of Garbage at a monthly
salary of $200 beginning June 1st, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and The Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.



Commissioner Smith moved that in the future not only in the electrical department but in any other department
where serial numbered forms are used that periodical checks be made to see that the stock is

ample . In the event of failure to receive these forms after a requisition of purchase has been
made to use substitute forms and make a report to the city clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bookkeeping machine system as set up by Mr. Wood be started
at once under the direction of the city auditor and a report of the revenues and disbursements
of the city of Las Vegas be made to the city Commissioners once a month. Motion seconded by
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city clerk write a letter to the inspectors requesting
them to furnish the Board of City Commissioners with a report of their work each month either
at the close of the month or the 1st of the month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor
Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Pro Tem Clark requested the heads of each department to go over their department and
make a thorough check and see where shortcuts might be made for economy.

Mayor Pro Tem Clark instructed the city engineer that the city expected him to work for the

city only and not do any private work.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Howard Williams Ball be hired as a chainman at $150 per
month beginning May 14th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the 7
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Frank Walsh be hired in the police department to replace Mr.

Shlark. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Petrie, Planning Engineer, was called in and made a report of the progress made in his
department.

Commissioner Smith read a letter from the Las Vegas Hospital. Commissioner Smith moved that
the necessary steps be taken to enforce payment of doctors licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.



The foregoing constituted matters listed for round table discussion which terminated at 9:50 P.M. Thereafter, Mayor
pro tem Clark, thanked Commissioner Smith on behalf of the Members of the Board.

Commissioner Smith made a partial report on the advisability of the city instituting a
municipal trailer court.

The following Resolution was presented to the Commission for consideration:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, ,3
Nevada, that the Supplemental Agreement on this day presented to the said Board by the United
States Government wherein and whereby the City of Las Vegas leases additional land to the Government
to provide adequate space for the expansion of the Flexible Gunnery School, be and the same is
hereby approved; and that the Mayor and City Clerk be and are hereby authorized to execute the
same for and on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Smith the adoption of the
above and foregoing Resolution and the same was seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.

Noes, none.