Upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried ordered that
said order made on the 5th of December be and the same is hereby rescinded and revoked the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes none.

The Consolidated Power and Telephone Company proposed to continue to furnish electric power
for lights for the City of Las Vegas under and in conformity with the terms of that certain contr-
act entered into between said Consolidated Power and Telephone Company and said City of Las Vegas
of date the 6th day of November 1912, for an additional period up to January 1, 1919 at one and
25/100 Dollars, ($1.25) per light, to commence at that rate from February 1, 1918; the care of
such light system to be made in accordance with the terms of said contract. Whereupon Motion of
Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried the following resolution
was duly adopted.

Resolved, that the proposition of the said Consolidated Power and Telephone Company to furnish
electric power for lights for the City from February 1, 1918 to January 1, 1919 at one and 25/100
dollars ($1.25) per light, and to look after the up keep of the light system, all in accordance
with and as a continuation of that certain contract entered into between said consolidated Power
and Telephone Company and said City of Las Vegas on the 6th day of November 1912, be and the same
is hereby accepted. The vote on said resolution was as follows; Commissioners Ball, Elwell, Ullom,
and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes None.

The Board next proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las Vegas
for the year 1918. Upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ullom, the
following resolution was duly adopted; Resolved, that an ad valorum tax of eighteen (18) cents
on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada be levied, collected and paid for the year 1918, including the net
proceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as
and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Interest Fund. Be it further Resolved, that an ad valorum
tax of ten cents (10) cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying
and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada be levied, collected and paid for the year
1918, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation; said
tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Sinking Fund. Be it further resolved, that an
ad valorum tax of seven cents (7) cents on each one hundred Dollars worth of taxable property,
situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1918, including the net proceeds from the mines except such property as is exempt
from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the Las egas cemetery fund. Be it further
resolved, that an ad valorum tax of ten cents )10) cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied
collected and paid for the year 1918, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property 
as is exempt from taxation ; said tax to be known as and used as an General fund of the City.

Be it further resolved, that an ad valorum tax of fifteen cents (15) cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada be levied, collected and paid for the year 1918, including the net proceeds of the mines
except such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Street
Fund . the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball, aye, Elwell aye,
Ullom, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Upon motion of Commissioner Elwell
and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried the following resolution was duly adopted
Resolved that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed to notify the Board of
County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada of the tax rate established and levied by this Board
for the year, 1918, and direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy, and cause the same to
be collected and paid. the vote on said resolution was as follows towit; Commissioners Ball aye
Ullon, aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Upon motion of Commissioner
 Ullom and seconded by commissioner ball , the following resolution was duly adopted; Resolved