BEVERLY GREEN

TRACT NO. 3

Final Map

MASTER FLAN OF ZONING
Public Hearing Set

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL

MINUTES

WIDENING OF 3TH STREET

	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon
	City Manager	R. V. Carey
	Asst. City Mgr.	G. H. Rounthwaite
	City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger
Absent:	Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett
	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Bev rly Green Tract No. 3 be approved
subject to the filing of the required performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple

At this time the zoning changes to the Master Plan of Zoning, as recommended
by the City Planning Commission were presented to the Board for their consider-
ation.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the recommended
revision of the Master Plan of Zoning be held December 2, 1953 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioners Jarrett and Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the
meeting adjourned.

APPROVED:

Mayor

11-12-53

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 4, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
this 4th day of November, 1933 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Attorney
City Manager
City Clerk

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Harris P. Sharp
Rex A. Jarrett
Reed Whipple

Howard W. Cannon
R. V. Carey
Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved that payroll warrants Nos. 690 to 1045 inclusive in
the net amount of $42,511.09 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 59414 to 50523 inclusive in the total amount of $16,229.38 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of October 21 and 26, 1933 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the Highway Department of the State of Nevada has proposed the
widening of Fifth Street from Oakey Boulevard to North Main Street, within the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the proposed plans of the said department provide that there shall
be two twelve foot traffic lanes on each side, and one 10 foot parking lane on
each side, together with a six foot sidewalk area on each side; and

WHEREAS, such plans are acceptable to the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, that the plan of the Highway Department of the State of
Nevada for widening fifth Street within the City of Las Vegas, as set forth above
be and the same hereby is accepted and approved.

DATED this 6th day of November, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none