Commissioner Bunker moved the assignment of the Gas Franchise from Nevada Southern
Gas Company to the Southwest Gas Corporation be approved subject to Southwest Gas
Corporation filing with the City an acceptance of all of the terms and conditions
of the existing franchise.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had received a request from the Palm Funeral
Home to purchase three acres of land from the City in the vicinity of Woodlawn Ceme-
tery to be used for the purpose of constructing a mausoleum and mortuary. The Com-
mission requested that Mr. Kennedy make a study of this matter and report back to
the Commission.

City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase requisition from the Police Department in
the amount of $1,140.00 for the purchase of blankets for the Rehabilitation Farm
and the jail, and another requisition in the amount of $550.00 for the purchase of
a refrigerator for the Rehabilitation Farm.

Commissioner Sharp moved these requests be granted and Purchase Orders to War Surplus
in the amount of $1140.00 for blankets and to Bonanza Appliance Center in the amount
of $559.00 for a refrigerator be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition from the Fire De-
partment for blankets and bedding for the new Fire Station on East Charleston in
the amount of $1661.52.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and a purchase order to Sheppards
Furniture Co. for blankets and bedding for the Fire Station on East Charleston in
the amount of $1661.52 be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the License Department has not been able to issue business
licenses to Dr. Merkin at 1715 East Charleston and Dr. Waters at 1717 East Charles-
ton due to the fact that the off-site improvements have not been installed as re-
quired when the use permit was granted for this property. Mr. Kennedy stated that
the improvements have not been installed because the City is presently working on
an over-all assessment district for this area. He requested authorization for the
License Department to issue business licenses to these two doctors for a period of
ninety days.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to
issue business licenses to Dr. Merkin at 1715 East Charleston and Dr. Waters at 1717
East Charleston for a period of ninety days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy reported that when use permits or variances are granted for commercial
uses in residential zones there is no provision for change of fire zone. He stated
that the inspection departments have difficulty in making these people comply with
electrical and fire restrictions, and requested permission to have an amendment pre-
pared.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an amendment
to the Fire Zone ordinance to take care of this problem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission he had received a request from Mrs. Sada
M. Hampton for reduction of the solicitors license fee to sell Childs World Encyclo-
pedia.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be referred to the City Manager for investi-
gation to be disposed of at his discretion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented the amended Water District Act known as Assembly Bill No.

226 and requested authority to send a letter to the Clark County delegation requesting
that they support this measure.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the revised Assembly Bill No. 226 be sent to the Clark
County delegation in Carson City with a request that they support this legislation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested that a policy be adopted by the Board concerning temporary
barricades on public rights-of-way, more particularly Fremont Street and the side streets.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following policy be adopted:

Procedure for erecting Temporary Barricades on public right-of-way on Fremont and con-
tributing side streets for the purpose of erecting new buildings, which stipulates no
barricade shall extend further into the sidewalk area on Fremont Street than to leave a
minimum five foot sidewalk area and must be enclosed according to the codes and speci-
fications of the City.

REQUEST TO PURCHASE
CITY PROPERTY
Palm Funeral Home

PURCHASE REQUISITIONS
Police Department



PURCHASE REQUISITIONS
Fire Department



BUSINESS LICENSES
East Charleston



FIRE ZONE ORDINANCE

SOLICITORS LICENSE
FEE REDUCTION



LEGISLATIVE CHANGE
Water District Act



TEMPORARY BARRICADES