At this time, City Manager McCall stated he had 

received a letter from the FWA, dated December 7, 1944,
approving the awarding of the bid for the construction
of the fire station to the Pioneer Construction Company;
thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor and
City Clerk be authorized to sign said contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager
be authorized to notify the Pioneer Construction 

Company to proceed with the work on said Fire station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

An Ordinance to amend Section 16, as amended, of
Ordinance #293 of the City of Las Vegas entitled,

"An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control
of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages,
regulating places where and under what conditions 

intoxicating and alcoholic liquors may be kept, sold,
given away or otherwise distributed, providing for
permits and licenses, providing penalties for 

violation of this ordinance and repealing all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflice therewith and 

repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in 

conflict with this ordinance" was read to the Board for
the first time, after having been previously referred
to a Committee which had reported favorably.

Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed
Emergency Ordinance #293 be approved on its first 

reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

Thereafter, the above Ordinance was read a second time
and Commissioner Smith moved its approval and adoption.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

It appearing that a misunderstanding regarding the
issuance of a liquor license to Moe Taub on the 22nd
day of November had occurred, granting him a retail
liquor license for the sum of $200.00 instead of a
retail tavern liquor license for the sum of $375.00;
in order to correct the error, Commissioner Smith
moved that the supplementary application of Moe Taub
together with $175.00, being the difference in the two
licenses, for a retail tavern liquor license at 500
Jackson Avenue at the Cotton Club, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

City Manager Charles C. McCall presented the proposed
Budget for 1945 to the City Commissioners end after
general discussion Commissioner Bates moved that this
meeting recess until December the 15th at the hour of
2:00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

FWA APPROVAL
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE #293

LIQUOR LICENSE
MOE TAUB

BUDGET 1945