Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Standard Wholesale
Supply Co. for a use permit to build and operate an underground petroleum bulk
storage plant and service station on the southside of Bonanza Road, directly
east of their location at 855 West Bonanza be approved subject to the sign-
ing of a new agreement, the agreement to read as follows:	Street lights at

this time are authorized to be omitted but that street lights will be put in
by the Union Oil Company at such time as the City puts in an improvement dis-
trict for street lights in that area either by cash or special assessment
district, and the clerk instructed to draft a resolution of approval, which
is hereby adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered
the application of Standard Wholesale Supply Company for a use permit to build
and operate an underground petroleum bulk storage plant and service station
on the southside of Bonanza Road, directly east of their location at 855 West
Bonanza; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application subject to an Improvement Agreement and the filing of
a bond and the Board having been advised that said agreement had been signed
and a bond in the amount of $1921.15 has been posted and the Board having been
further advised that the applicant requested installation of street lights not
be required and that if they be required an additional bond of $750.00 should
be posted;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Standard
Wholesale Supply Company for a use permit to build and operate an underground petroleum
bulk storage plant and service station on the southside of Bonanza, directly east of
their location at 855 West Bonanza be approved subject to the signing of a new
agreement , to read as follows: Street lights at this time are authorized to be

omitted but that street lights will be put in by the Union Oil Company at such
time as the City puts in an improvement district for street lights in that area
either by cash or special assessment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote stating that he did not feel that any of the re-
quirements imposed on Use Permits should be deleted. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

USE PERMIT - U-46-56	The Commission considered the application of Lawrence Tiede for a use permit to

L. Tiede	convert a dwelling unit into a professional office at 522 South 1st Street, in an

	R-4 zone.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that this application been approved by the Board
of Adjustment subject to the conditions of the Improvement Agreement, the posting
of a bond, and the installation of a hard-surfaced off-street parking lot as shown
on the plot plan amended by the Traffic Engineer, within 90 days. He stated that
the agreement had been signed and the bond posted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Lawrence Tiede for a use permit to
convert a dwelling unit into a professional office at 522 South 1st Street be ap-
proved subject to the conditions of the Improvement Agreement and the installa-
tion of a hard-surfaced off-street parking lot within 90 days, and the Clerk in-
structed to draft a resolution of approval, which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered the
application of Lawrence Tiede for a use permit to convert a dwelling unit into a
professional office at 522 South 1st Street, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the conditions of the Improvement Agreement, the posting
of a bond, and the installation of a hard-surfaced off-street parking lot as shown
on the plot plan amended by the Traffic Engineer, within 90 days, and the Board
having been advised that the agreement had been signed and the bond posted;	

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Lawrence
Tiede for a use permit to convert a dwelling unit into a professional office at
522 South 1st Street be approved subject to the conditions of the Improvement Agree-
ment and installation of a hard-surfaced off-street parking lot within 90 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE - V-17-56	The Commission considered the application of William I. Reynolds for variance to

W.L. Reynolds	convert a two car garage into personal living quarters at 530 South 6th Street, in

	a C-1 zone.

Mr. Bills stated that the Board of Adjustment had denied the application on the
grounds that the property was recently rezoned for commercial uses and therefore
its development for additional residential uses would be incompatible. He further
stated that alley dwellings would tend to make commercial development more diffi-
cult.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William Reynolds for
variance to convert a two car garage into personal living quarters at 530 South
6th Street be denied, and the Clerk instructed to draft a resolution of denial,
which is hereby adopted.