510

Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes, none. absent:	Commissioner Clark.

This resolution was adopted and approved August 28, 1945.

- - oOo - -

R E S 0 L U T I O N

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be directed
to cause to have filed in the City Clerk's Office in the City of Las Vegas three (3)
copies of said code to-wit:

Specialized Electrical Code, 1945 Edition, Published
September 6, 1945, by the Las Vegas Electrical Board,
intended form for use and examination by the public.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said City Clerk cause to be published
in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City
of Las Vegas, Clark county, Nevada, a notice of such filing of said specialized
electrical code, for a period of one week, that is to say, each day of a period of one
week. Notice shall be in the following form, to-wit:

Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas intend, by ordinance duly passed to adopt said
Specialized Electrical Code at its next regular meeting on the
22nd day of September, 1945. Notice is hereby further given that it
is the intention of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to ena ct an ordinance adopting such Specialized
Electrical Code by reference.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing
resolution be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and approved by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

This resolution was adopted at the meeting held August 28, 1945

- - - oOo - - -
resolution

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City Clerk	of	the city of	Las	Vegas be directed

to cause to	have filed in the City Clerk's	Office	in	the City of	Las	Vegas, three (3)

copies of the Standard Plumbing Code as amended, to-wit:

Standard Plumbing Code, draft sponsored by the Pacific Coast
Plumbing Inspector's Association.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said City Clerk cause to be published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published and printed in the
City of Las	Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, a	notice	of	said filing	of said Standard

Plumbing Code, as amended, for a period of	one week;	that is to say,	each day for a

period of one week. Which notice shall be in the following farm, to-wit;

Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, intend by ordinance duly passed
to adopt the Standard Plumbing Code as amended, at the next
regular meeting hold on the 22nd day of September, 1945.

Notice is hereby further given that it is the intention
of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to enact
on an ordinance adopting such Standard Plumbing Code as
amended, by reference.

Commissioner Baskin moved the adoption approval of the foregoing
resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

This resolution was adopted at the meeting held on August 28, 1945.