4. That the Mayor and Clerk of the City of Las Vegas are hereby authorized 
and directed to execute, in as many counterparts as may be required, an
Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit "A" hereof, for and on behalf
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

This Resolution shall take effect immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, None. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

AUDIT REPORT	The report from Bunker & Jones on the audit of the City accounts for 1956-1957

was held until the next regular meeting of the Commission on March 19, 1958.

USE PERMIT - U-1-58	The Commission considered the application of the First Southern Baptist Church

First Southern Baptist	for a permit to construct a building on the southeast comer of 6th and St.

Church	Louis, in an R-1 zone. Planning Director Bills advised the Board that this

	application had been approved by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to

the following conditions:

1.	Provision for adequate off-street parking.

2.	Signing of an improvement agreement and posting a bond to cover off-
street improvements.

3.	Revision of the plot plan as submitted increasing the side yard on
the east side of the property to a minimum of 12 feet.

Mr. Bills further advised that the improvement agreement had not been signed nor
the bond posted, and that members of the Church Board are present to request a
waiver of most of the improvements recommended by the Engineering Department 
including permission to use septic tank sewage disposal.

Mr. Ray Cutright, chairman of the Building Committee for the church appeared 
before the Board at this time and requested that the church be allowed to use a
septic tank. He stated that in order to connect to the sewer they would have
to run a line 480 feet and they were not financially able at this time for
such installation. Mr. Cutright also requested that they be permitted to 
improve the street just in front of the proposed building site.

Mr. William Singleton, member of the Church Board was also present and requested
that they be permitted to install a septic tank instead of connecting to the
sewer.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that the City might be able to participate
in the installation of this sewer line.



Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the First Southern Baptist Church for a
use permit to construct a church building on the southeast corner of 6th and St.
Louis be approved subject to the installation of curb, gutter, paving and sidewalk 
in front of their property, the other street improvements to be postponed
at this time, and that the sewer problem be worked out and a report made to the
Board at the next regular meeting; thereafter that the following resolution be
adopted:

IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at
a regular meeting held on the 5th day of March, 1958, that the application of
the First Southern Baptist Church for a use permit to construct, maintain and
use a church building on the southeast corner of 6th and St. Louis Streets, 
legally described as a portion of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 3; T21S, R61E,
in an R-1 zone, be and the same hereby is approved subject to the following
conditions:

1.	The installation of curbs, gutters, paving and sidewalks for a 
distance of 88 feet in front of the area on which will be constructed
the church building.

2.	The remainder of the installation of curbs, gutters, paving and sidewalk 
to be postponed until a future time.

3.	That the sewer problem be worked out and a report made to the Board
at the next regular meeting.

4.	The signing of an improvement agreement and posting of a bond to 
install such off-site improvements as are deemed to be necessary by
the City Engineering Department, and not in conflict with the terms
of this permit.

5- That the side yard setback on the east side be a minimum distance of 12
feet from the property line to the southeast corner of the building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time this meeting recessed to hold a recessed regular meeting for the
opening of construction bids for Assessment District No. 100-35 and the 
continuation of the public hearing on the Assessment Roll for this District.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 8:15 P.M. with all members present as of
the opening session.

USE PERMIT - U-2-58	The Commission considered the application of Ernest and Floriene Atchley for a

Ernest & Floriene	use permit to operate a day nursery at 515 Shadow Lane in an R-1 zone.

Atchley 

Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Board of Adjustment had 
approved this application for use permit subject to:

1. Signing of an improvement agreement and the posting of a bond to insure
installation of off-site improvements.

3-5-58