OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 26th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 26th day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy,
German, Hansell, and Thomas, and City Attorney and Clerk.

As this was the time set for the opening of the Bids on the sewer system and disposal plant
in the City of Las Vegas, and a number of bids being on file with the City Clerk, the Clerk was
directed to open said bids.

Bids were received from the following companies:

General Construction Co.	Kemper Construction Co.

Fuller Construction Co;	Ryberg & Sorensen

Standard Paving Company.	New Mexico Construction Co;

Dallas Construction Co.	W.J. Tobin

Behek Brkich Company.

After the opening and the reading of said bids by the Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Ben-
ham it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell moved that the
Engineer, Webster L. Benham take and tabulate all bids and report back to the Board at an early
date the result of said bids.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 4 of Ordinance
No. 129 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Sections
2 and 19 of Ordinance No. 36, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the issuance of plumbing and
sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for the re-
gulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas," and further amending said
ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be known as 2a and 2b respectively, and to repeal
all ordinances add parts of ordinances in conflict therewith." was read for a second time and
passed by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor
E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 182 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be in full
force and effect from and after is complete publication for a period of one week ( six issues)
in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, to amend sections IV and V of ordinance No. 168
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, es-
tablishing a residence district, Industrial and Commercial districts within the said City of
Las Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or
operate certain factories, works, or establishments within said resident districts and said
commercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and
rebuilding of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the
violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith, was read for a
first time and laid over for a second reading.

At this time a form of lease from the Union Pacific Railroad was presented to the
Board for its approval. Said lease is for five years lease on the ground occupied by the City
Stockade, on the Westside.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the lease be signed by the Mayor, E.W.Cragin, and Attest by the City Clerk, Viola Burns
under the seal of the said City, and a warrant be drawn on the City Treasurer for the sum of
Twenty-Five Dollars to cover the first years lease on said ground.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and Mundy and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 27th day of October, 1931 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 27th day of October, 1931 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Mundy, German
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time Consulting Engineer Webster L. Benham appeared before the Board with the com-
pleted tabulation of the bids submitted on the proposed sewer system and disposal plant for the
City of Las Vegas.

The tabulation showed that the Fuller Construction Co. Standard Paving Co. submitting the
low bids on the work involved.