Cash bases Fund, twenty cents (20cts) ; sewer Bond interest fund, thirty cents (30) cts sewer
Bond sinking fund, twenty cents (20cts) and street fund (30cts) and that when collected the
same be apportioned to said special funds as provided and above specified.

Be it further Resolved that the Board of County Commissioners of Clark, County Nevada, be and
they are hereby requested and directed to levy the above mentioned tax for the above mentioned
purposes under the above mentioned Act at their regular meeting on the first Monday in March 1913.

Be it further resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas forthwith transmit and
file with the said Board of County Commissioners, and prior to said First Monday in March. 1913.
a certified copy of this resolution , and that said certified copy be authority request and
direction for the levy of such taxes by said Board of County Commissioners for said City of
Las Vegas, " the vote on said resolution was as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye.
and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye. Noes None.

Office of the City ClerK, Las Vegas, Nevada.

March 5th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas.

Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Ed. Von Tobel Mayor protem, and Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, and Mc Govern. with the ClerK and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read also adjourned meetings of the

Board, Reports of officers read and approved as read. all claims allowed per claim booK.



The question of placing additional streets lights on Third street between Ogden and Stewart street
coming on before the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board ordered

that this matter be turned over to the Light Commissioner.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board An Ordinance to regulate and prevent the discharge
of Fire Arms, air guns etc. within certain limits and portions of the City of Las Vegas. Nevada.
for the first time after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this
ordinance be laid over until the second reading in April meeting. 1913.

An ordinance regulating Excavations in streets, Alleys, sidewalKs, highways, public squares
and places in the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto, coming on before the
Board for second reading was after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion
of McGovern and duly second by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the same be passed by the
following vote towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem
voting aye.

At this time the Road committee of the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board and
presented their report reading the streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. as follows towit:-

" It is the sense of your committee that the money available for street purposes be used
to put the greatest possible mileage of the streets of the City in good passable condition, by
using a thin covering of gravel , perhaps on most blocks of the dirt streets four inches thick
in the center of the streets and tapering to the curb; after which the street shall be oiled .

In doing such work the ground and the gravel and oil surface be rolled with the best roller
obtainable. the above motion was made and seconded and duly carried by a vote of the following

members of this committee at a meeting held Wednesday evening March 5, 1913.

Signed . E.W. Griffith, Roy W. Martin, I.C. Johnson, C.P. squires.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion duly made by McGovern

and seconded by Coughlin that street Commissioner Stewart be empowered to go ahead with the
worK on said streets with the assistance of the said Road Committee. the vote being as follows