OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

May 2, 1923.

t a regular meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 2nd day of May, 1923 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. Present Commissioners Thos.
R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Mayor Pro
Tem W.H. Dentner being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, Commissioner
Hodgens was appointed Acting Chairman to preside in the absence of Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner.
Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

This being the time set for the review of the assessment for sidewalk on East
side of Fourth Street between Fremont and Bridger and on the West Side of Fourth Street be-
tween Bridger and Carson ,pursuant to notice duly published for such review and there being
several persons present objecting to said assessment, and after a fall discussion of the same
upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following Reso-
lution was duly adopted:

 WHEREAS, it appears from said assessment roll that an amount will
be collected in excess of that which is needed to meet the cost
of such improvement, and the City of Las Vegas should justly
stand and bear the expense of the publication of Ordinances and
Notices in connection therewith in the sum of $50.25 and should also
stand the Inspector's fees in the sum of approximately $50.00, and
should stand and bear one-half of the cost of the frontage on lot
number one in Block 35, at 18 cts. per sq. ft. of sidewalk, it being
considered inequitable that the owner thereof should stand and bear
the cost of the whole 130 ft. of frontage upon said improvement, the
same being a corner lot, and that in addition thereto said City
should stand and bear the cost of the walk across the alley in Block 35
and the cost at the corners and that 18 cts. per square foot of side-
walk is a just proportion to be assessed against the property owners
except as to said lot in Block 35,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the said assessment be corrected
by the City Clerk in the foregoing particulars and that the assess-
ment roll, as corrected, be and the same is hereby approved, and or-
dered to be certified as approved by the City Clerk and transmitted to
the City Treasurer for collection.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said special assessment shall be and
is hereby declared to be due and payable in full upon approval there-
of by this Resolution and that the City Treasurer proceed at once
to collect the same.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and Act-
ing Chairman Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time proposed Ordinance No. 99, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
entitled " An Ordinance providing for the payment of a license fee for  automobiles and
motor propelled Vehicles operated for hire on the public streets of the City of Las Vegas,
and matters connected therewith." was read for the first time, and upon motion of Commission-
er Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, was ordered passed to the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Blanding ,Arnold, and Acting Chairman Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold,
that the Board adjourn until Wednesday May 16, 1923, at the hour of two o'clock P.M., when
it shall meet for the purpose of canvassing the vote of the city election, and also for the
purpose of transacting any other business that may come before the Board at that time. Voting
Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.