317

The City Engineer to approve all profiles, cross sections, and construction specifications.

2.	Utilities

All lots shall be served with:

a.	Adequate water supply including fire hydrants for fire protection—Fire Chief to
approve location and kind.

b.	Sewage facilities—either by City sewer or septic tank as approved by the City
Health Officer.

c.	Electricity—Street lighting as approved by City Electrician.

d.	The subdivider or developer shall furnish statements from the utilities with

which agreements have been made to service the tract, certifying that said utilities
will furnish the services necessary.

The installation of improvements is to comply with specifications and standards of the City
of Las Vegas.

Approval of the final subdivision map shall not be made until all street proviles, cross
sections, grading plans and architectural arrangements of housing units are submitted to
and approved by the City Departments concerned.

It is further recommended that the owner of this subdivision shall concurrently with the
approval of the final subdivision map by the Board of City Commissioners, enter into an
agreement with the City, agreeing to complete improvements designated. If the designated
improvements have not been completed within an agreed period of time, an extension may be
authorized at the discretion of the Board, or the Board shall cause such improvements to
be completed in accordance with the terms of the aforesaid agreement. Such agreement
should be secured by a good and sufficient performance bond or other negotiable guarantee
in an amount not to exceed the cost of the improvement and approved by the Board of City
Commissioners. Any application for the release of any such bond or guarantee shall be
accompanied by a certificate by the City Engineer, stating that all required improvements
have been satisfactorily completed in accordance with the terms of said agreement, and no
such bond or guarantee should be released or returned until such certificate shall first
have been filed with the Board of City Commissioners.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendations of the Planning Commission
relative to the Russell Tract and tentative subdivision map be approved subject to the
following additional stipulations:

1.	Thirty-six (36) ft. paving

2.	Curbs and gutters

3.	Four (4) ft. sidewalks

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

SUBDIVISION —	The following recommendation from the Planning Commission dated November 3, 1948 relative to

Crestwood Homes	the Crestwood Homes, Tract No. 2 was received:

Tract No. 2 —

Tentative Map	Transmitted herewith is a tentative map for a proposed subdivision in Government Lot

Approved	No. 1, Section 2, T. 21 W., R. 6l E., M.D.B. & M., more generally described as Tract

#2 of Crestwood Homes Subdivision. A City map is enclosed to show the general location.

On October 26, 1948 the Regional Planning Commission conditionally approved this tenta-
tive map and transmits same, designating improvement which are recommended be made by
the Subdivider. Other requirements are also indicated which are recommended in connec-
tion with approval of the final subdivision map.

CONDITIONS

1.	Streets

a.	Street right of way on east boundary of this tract to be forty (40) ft. (one
half of ultimate eighty (80) ft. right of way).

b.	Graded and surfaced to widths as indicated on map, thirty-six (36) ft. min-
imum paving width, curb to curb.

c.	Curbs and gutters - concrete "L" type.

d.	Driveways — Provision should be made for driveways extending from the street
pavement to garage, including approved surfacing where driveways may slope
to street, and in all cases between curb and property line. Where there is
no garage, such driveways should be provided at least to the building line
or any car port or automobile storage space behind said building line.

e.	Street improvements designated shall include the improvement of the local
street or service drive on Charleston Boulevard, abutting the northerly
boundary of this tract.

f.	Street trees - If planted by the developer, shall be of approved hard, uni-
form variety, planted along all streets at intervals of not less nor more
than forty (4O) ft., except where such interval may be varied due to drive-
ways, etc.