Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GARTSIDE PROPERTY	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the cost of demolishing the Gartside

demolition	 and Murry properties be charged to the Street Department. Motion seconded

MURRY PROPERTY	by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MOTOR GRADER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the street superintendent be granted

tire	 authority to have a damaged tire for the motor grader repaired and to

purchase 1 1400 x 20 tire and tube. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SETTER DISPOSAL PLANT  Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed agreement for the sewerage
Agreement	disposal plant site be resubmitted to the Las Vegas Land & Water

 Company with a request that the documents be redrafted to incorporate
the provisions attached which have been prepared by the city attorney
and city engineer. Making the nexessary alterations in compliance
therewith. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

ROBERT BALL	Commissioner Smith moved that Robert Ball be hired in the engineering

engineering dept.  department to replace Howard Ball. Motion seconded by Commissioner

 Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux
Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

INSPECTOR SEWER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized

Contract	to execute that certain contract between the United States of America

 and the city of Las Vegas regarding the employment of an inspector of
 sewers. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

TRAILER COURTS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendations of the Health

Sewer connections	Department that all trailers be requested to hook up to the sewer system

be approved and that the city attorney be instructed to amend said
  trailer ordinance accordingly. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BUILDING CODE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city attorney be instructed to

Amend Ordinance	prepare an amendment to the Building Code covering the recommendations

 as set forth in Mr. Brown's report of November 16th. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Clark County- Las Vegas

Report              Health Department be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux

and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing
of cash to meet the payroll of the city employees and other current 

       expenses of operating the city government under the 1942 budget, pending

the collection of the tax levy, 1942, the quarterly installment of which
will begin December, 1942, and	

WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency
loan;

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of city commissioners of the city
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to declare that there exists a
great necessity and emergency to meet the payroll and the current expenses
of operating the city government and to request the State Board of
 Finance of the State of Nevada to grant to the city of Las Vegas
authority to borrow an emergency loan of seventy-five thousand dollars
($75,000.00) (or whatever part thereof the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow) at
an interest rate not to exceed eight per cent per annum (8%); and to
provide in the subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof,
both principal and interest, in accordance with the provisions of the
Statutes of the State of Nevada.

IT IS THE INTENTION OF the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas to vote on the adoption of the Resolution to secure the above
described emergency loan on the 8th day of September, 1942, at the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, at 7:30 P.M., at which time
any persons wishing to object to the adoption of such Resolution are
invited to appear and voice such objection.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

By:	Howell C. Garrison

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed.