GREATER LAS VEGAS ADDITION
Revised Tentative Map

ANNEXATION PETITION
Bisno & Bisno

EASEMENT FOR STORM SEWER
A to Main Street

HOUSE MOVING
Tommy Yarbrough

SIDEWALK ELEVATOR &
PEDESTRIAN WALKWAY
3rd & Fremont Bldg.



LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner
Playland Bar

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Downtown Liquor Store

At this time City Engineer George Wade presented the revised tentative map of the
Greater Las Vegas Addition which had been referred to his department for check
of the drainage on June 15, 1955. Mr. Wade discussed with the Commission the
possible means of providing adequate drainage for this proposed subdivision.

It was the request of the Commission that this map be referred back to the Subdivider
for preparation of a corrected revised map and presentation to the Board when this
is ready.

Consideration was given to the annexation petition of Bisno and Bisno concerning
approximately 10 acres in Section 21, T20S, R61E, which was referred to the
Engineering Department to check the possibility of this property being served
by the sewer. Action on this petition was continued until clarification is
received on the school site in this area.

The Director of Public Works presented a deed for a ten (10) foot easement for the
purpose of storm sewer installation from A to Main Street running between the
buildings of Zick and Sharp and Cougan Cleaners. This easement is to be dedicated
by Albert and Verena Hermenjat and Stephen Cedzo.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of July, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement dated the
17th day of June, 1955, executed by Albert and Verena Hermenjat and Stephen Cedzo,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

The request of Tommy Yarbrough to move a house from the northwest corner of
D and Jackson to 712 W. Washington was considered at this time. The Supervisor
of Building and Safety, William Loretta advised the Commission that this 7 room
stucco house had been inspected and approved, and that a bond had been filed; he
further recommended that this permit for house moving be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Supervisor of Building and
Safety be accepted and permission be granted to move this house from the northwest
comer of D and Jackson to 712 W. Washington.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

The Public Works Department presented a request for permission to install a
pedestrian walkway that would not encroach on the street, proposed to be four
feet wide, with a fence ten feet high surrounding the construction of the 3-story
office building on the southeast corner of 3rd and Fremont. Mr. Wade stated that
they also request permission to install a sidewalk elevator on South 3rd Street,
forty-five feet north of the alley, and recommended that both of these requests be
approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request for erection of a pedestrian walkway and
installation of a sidewalk elevator for the 3-story office building at 3rd and
Fremont Streets be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Bunker. Commissioner Sharp declared that the firm of Zick
and Sharp were architects for this building.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Owen L. Parry for the tavern liquor
license for the Playland Bar at 131 South 1st Street, previously issued to the
Estate of George G. Parry, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Mr. Milton Keefer appeared before the Commission on behalf of Mr.

John Funk, applicant for the retail liquor miniature license of the Downtown Liquor
Store. Mr. Funk's proposed location is 2109 Fremont Street. Mr. Keefer advised
the Board that Mr. Funk, a member of the Thrifty Liquor Grill Inc. had operated
this liquor store at the former location of 28 Fremont for a period of 3½ years.

Messrs. George and Robert Rapoport were also present and advised the Commission
that negotiations were being made to find a location through their attorney Mr.

Joe Foley, but had not been consummated at this time. They requested that action
on these applications be held over until the next meeting of the Board.

7-6-55