ASSISTANT CITY ATTORNEY              City Manager Kennedy requested permission to advertise for an Assistant City Attorney.

Tom O'Donnell who is presently employed in the City Attorney's office, is going to go
to work for the District Attorney's Office right after the first of the year. We wish
to advertise through the Personnel Department to see what applications can he secured.

This appointment will come under Civil Service. It would be well to employ the re-
placement at least 15 to 30 days before the present attorney who is handling the court
work goes to the district attorney's office.

PRISONER RELEASE	City Manager Kennedy requested approval for release of Benjamin Samuels, M-341, and

Benjamin Samuels	authorization for the Mayor to sign the release papers upon receipt of properly executed

release form signed by Benjamin Samuels.

Approved

This prisoner has been examined by two doctors and found to have a respiratory infection
and heart trouble, and it is recommended that he be released to the custody of his
father, Fred Samuels, who said he would take care of him.

Commissioner Fountain moved the release of Benjamin Samuels, M-341, be approved and the
Mayor authorized to sign the release papers upon receipt of the properly executed release
form signed by Benjamin Samuels.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LETTER OF COMMENDATION	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Teoh Teik Lee of the Ministry of Education

Teoh Teik Lee	of Malaya. Mr. Lee recently visited in Las Vegas to observe our recreational facilities.

Ministry of Education	The letter thanks us for the genial hospitality shown him and he especially commended

Malaya	Gordon Hunsaker for his assistance. He was very complimentary about our Recreational

program.

FIR AVENUE CONDEMNATION        City Manager Kennedy stated that he had a memo received from Ralston O. Hawkins, City

Attorney's Office, stating that a call was received from Mrs. Jones, the mother of Mrs.

Harris who owns the property involved, to the effect that she would sell this property
for $3,000.00.

REMOVAL OF LEAVES	City Manager Kennedy again brought up the problem of removing leaves from the streets and

stated it might be necessary to re-appraise this situation as there is a certain amount of
 leaves that just fall from the trees. The	street	sweeper	will move them but we	will	now

have to send out the machine to pick these	up.	We	cannot	go any farther than just for these

leaves that accumulate in the street and get swept into a pile by the street sweeper.

NEVADA MUNICIPAL	ASS0CIA- City Manager Kennedy presented the program	for	the	Nevada	Municipal Association	Fall	Meeting

TI0N	FALL	MEETING	to be held in Henderson, Nevada on November	21	and	22, 1958, and requested that	all

department heads make an effort to attend. It was suggested that the City pay the Registration 
Approved for City	Fee of all those from the City who participate,

to pay Registration

Fee	Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

$500.00 REWARD	Commissioner Fountain moved that the City of Las Vegas offer a $500.00 cash reward for

Gubser Slaying	information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons who murdered

Mbs. Zephyr Gubser; subject to the City having legal authority to make such an offer.

City Attorney Cannon was not sure the Board had the power to use City funds for this 
purpose and stated the City Attorney's Office would check into this and advise the Board.

Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion and stated, however, he would have preferred to have
had the legal opinion first. The motion was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE FIRE STATION	Dr. Zellhoefer spoke from the floor in regard to his offer of $50,000.00 for the purchase of

PROPOSAL	the Huntridge Fire Station for the purpose of converting it into a medical office which he

would use personally to conduct his professional services.

Dr. H. Zellhoefer

Commissioner Bunker stated that the Board hasn't had the opportunity to get together to
study this particular proposal.

His Honor Mayor Baker asked about the time limit involved and Dr. Zellhoefer stated that
his present lease will be terminated on the 15th of December, 1958, He further stated that
he needs the building so he can do something for Las Vegas and he assured the Board that it
will be put to a good purpose. He repeated that his offer is on a cash basis with approximately

 30 days or so to enable him to liquidate other holdings to pay the full purchase price.
If the Board would desire any further information he said he would be available to meet with
them.

His Honor Mayor Baker suggested this be taken up at the next regular meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners to be held December 3, 1958.

-OoO-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 8:55 P.M.,
Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

11-19-58