WHEREAS, estimates of the expense of the proposed Las Vegas Special
1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement, and plat thereof, have been ap-
proved and filed with this Board for public examination, and

WHEREAS, it is contemplated that the expenses of such improvement are
to be defrayed by special assessment,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the following notice be signed by
the Mayor and attested by the Clerk with the seal of the City affixed there-
to, and that notice be given of the approval and filing of such estimates
and plat and of the proposed improvement, or work, of the location of the
improvement, and of the district to be assessed, by the publication of such
notice for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, and by posting notices of the same in
at least three public places in the one ward embracing said City, and also
by posting a notice in or near the post office of the City, and posting not
tices in at least three public places near the site of said proposed work;
that said notices shall state the time and place when and where the Board
will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by
parties in interest to the proposed improvements, which is hereby fixed at
the Council Room of this Board in the County Court House in said City of
Las Vegas at the hour of three o'clock P. M. on the 31st day of May, 1928;
said notice being in words and figures as follows:

NOTICE OF PROPOSED PAVEMENT, AND CURB IMPROVEMENTS, IN THE CITY OF.

LAS VEGAS.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, hereby give notice to all parties concerned and interested, and es-
pecially to those parties owning property in the district hereinafter desig-
nated to be assessed; that the said Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas intends to grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavements and hy-
draulic cement concrete curbs upon those certain streets and portions of st-
reets hereinafter designated in accordance with plats, diagrams and estimates
prepared on behalf of said City of Las Vegas and on file in the office of the
City Clerk for public examination.

The streets and portions of streets on which said improvement is to be
done and the location of the work to be done, follows:

To grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavements, fifty feet wide,
and hydraulic cement concrete curb, on the following streets and portions of
streets in said City of Las Vegas:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE.

First Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

First Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Second Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Second Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street,

Third Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Third Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fourth Street, from Stewart Street, to Fremont Street.

Fourth Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fifth Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Ogden Street, from Main Street to the easterly limit of Fifth Street.
Carson Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bridger Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

IN HAWKINS ADDITION.

Ogden Street, from Fifth Street to the alley running northerly
and southerly through Blocks 1 and 2 in said Hawkins Addition.

Fremont Street, from Fifth Street to the easterly limit of said
Hawkins Addition crossing said Fremont Street.

Sixth Street, from alley running easterly and westerly through
Blocks 2 and 7 in said Hawkins Addition to the alley running
easterly and westerly through Blocks 3 and 6 in said Hawkins Addition.