OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 10th, 1932

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 10th day of September 1932 at the hour of 11 o'clock A. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Mundy,

Hansell and City Attorney and Deputy Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and Clerk.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
15th day of September, 1952 at the hour of 10:30 A. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board Of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of September 1932 at the hour of 10:30 A.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor pro tem, W.C. German, Commissioners Thomas,
Mundy and Hansell.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

At this time the Board of Commissioners entered into an informal discussion of the
acceptance of the sewer system and disposal plant constructed by the Fuller Consturctin Co.

No action was taken at this time as Mayor Craign was unable to be present at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
the hour of 7:30 P.M. this date.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of September 1932 at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell and City Attorney and Clerk.

The final estimate on the contract of Fuller Construction Company on construction of
sanitary main sewers and disposal plant was presented to the Board and request made for final
payment.

The Board required that Fuller Construction Company furnish to the Board satisfactory
evidence showing that all materials, labor, machine hire, and so forth had been paid for
both by the Fuller Construction Company and subcontractors under it.

Thereupon Fuller Construction Company presented and filed with the Board the
affidavit of A.J. Reinhart, its representative, showing all such bills having been paid, and
also presented receipted vouchers for nearly all of said claims, and check stubs for various
minor claims evidence of remittance of the amounts thereof to various creditors.

Said Fuller Construction Company also filed the affidavit of L.J.Watson and Wayne D.
Baldwin, represented by it to be the only subcontractors, which affidavit showed payment by
such subcontractors of all bills for labor and materials incurred by them under such sub-
contracts.

There was also filed with the Board a maintenance bond as required by the contract
between the City of Las Vegas, and said Fuller Construction Company.

There was ales filed an order of said Fuller construction Company on said Board
dated September 10th, 1932 in favor of Pacific Clay Products, directing the payment direct to
the said Pacific Clay Products of the sum of $14,423.02 as balance due in full to said Pacific
Clay Products for materials furnished the contractor on said job.