THEREUPON, it appearing to the Board that GENE WARD has received a plurality of all votes
cast for the office of City Commissioner of the Third Class, it was THEREFORE RESOLVED, on
motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down, that the said Gene Ward be and
he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner of the -Third Class of the City
of Las Vegas for the ensuing term of four years, and it was further Resolved that the City Clerk
be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said Gene Ward. Voting
on s id Resolution, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Aye.
Noes none.

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that Proposition No. 1 on said ballot at said City
lection Held May 7th, 1935 had carried by a large plurality it was on motion of Commissioner
Arnett Seconded By Commissioner Marble that the said Board proceed with said proposition when
in its opinion was the best and most appropriate time to do so.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Friday
the 24th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 24th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 24th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Marble and Down, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Arnett and German.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded By Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the liquor license heretofore issued to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation at 508 So
Main Street be transferred to 123 South Main Street. Said location being within the zone estab-
lished for wholesale liquor dealers.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to the Vegas Sweet shoppe. Application being
proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a retail beverage license (5½%) be granted to H.P. Muller, 810 Fremont St. Application being
in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

At this time the resignation of A.R. Thompson as City Engineer, Building and Plumbing
Inspecter for the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the resignation of A.R. Thompson be accepted as he had accepted a position in Northern
Nevada which would require that his place of residence be changed.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

At this time the application of C.D. Baker for City Engineer for the City of Las Vegas
was presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that C.D. Baker be appointed City Engineer and acting Plumbing and Building Inspector for the
City of Las Vegas from May 25th to June 3rd 1935, inclusive. That he would qualify as such
City Engineer by taking the official oath of office Salary to be $150.00 per month.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

As there are a number of improvements anticipated in the City of Las Vegas at this time
with the help of the F.E.R.A. it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Down moved that the City Clerk be directed to write to Geo. Schmidt, State Comptroller at
Carson City Nevada and ascertain from him all information possible for the securing financial
aid from the F.E.R.A.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 3rd day of June, 1935 at the hour of two o'clock