Mrs. C. McGovern
Mrs. Stella Hawkins
Mrs. E. C. Hicks
Mrs & Mr. F. Herandez
Mrs. J. H. Gordon
Mrs. E. W. Nungesser
Mrs. C. P. Squires
Thos. R. Hodgens
J. H. Ladd
Peter Pauff

Whereupon after the consideration by the Board it appearing to the Board that there are
no grounds for interference by the Board, the petition was ordered filed on motion of
Commissioners, Hammond, seconded by Commissioners Smith, voting on said motion Commissioners
Elwell, Smith, Hammond, and Mundy, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Aye, Noes, None.

A proposition was presented to the Board of City Commissioners by Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, through its Vice President, Walter R. Bracken, that if the County of Clark
and the City of Las Vegas would release or convey back to said Las Vegas Land & Water
Company the land embraced in that certain deed bearing date April 17, 1922, made by the
said Das Vegas Land & Water Company to the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas
as tenants in common, comprising 31.510 acres of land, commonly known as the agricultural
Park, which deed is of record in Book 8 of Deeds, at pages 408-9-10; Clark County, Nevada
Records, the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company would re-convey the said land, except as to
approximately seven acres off the northerly end of said tract, to the City of Las Vegas free
and clear of any restricting whatsoever.

Thereupon a discussion of such proposition was had by the Board of City Commissioners

and upon motion of Commissioner Hammond seconded by Commissioner Smith

the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas by deed bearing date the 17th day of April, 1922, made by Las Vegas Land &

Water Company, a corporation, to the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas, and recorded
in Book 8 of Deeds, at pages 408-9-10, Clark County, Nevada, records, there was donated to
said County and City, as tenants in common 31.510 acres of land for use as an agricultural
fair grounds, park, aviation field and automobile parking ground for the accommodation of the
traveling public and purposes incident thereto, and subject to the certain restrictions and
conditions contained in said deed, which said deed with said restrictions and conditions was
heretofore accepted by said County and City, and

Whereas, a proposition has been presented to this Board by said Las Vegas Land & Water
Company, acting through its Vice President, Walter R. Bracken, of said City of Las Vegas, that
if the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas would release or convey back to said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company the said Land, so donated as aforesaid, the said Las Vegas Land & Water
Company would thereafter re-convey said land, except as to approximately seven acres off the
northerly end of said tract to the City of Las Vegas free and clear of any restrictions or
conditions whatsoever, and

Whereas, the said proposition is directly in line with the efforts in that respect
heretofore made by this Board to secure said land for the City of Las Vegas free and clear of
any restrictions or conditions whatsoever, and thus to relieve the City of Las Vegas, as well
as the County of Clark of the burdens placed upon them by virtue of the restrictions and
conditions contained in the present deed, and that the consummation of such proposed
proposition would be to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas, and of great value to
said City.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the said proposition of the said Las Vegas Land
& Water Company and the same is hereby accepted, and that the Mayor and the City Clerk