On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
the the City Clerk be directed to return to Montgomery Ward and Co. Three Dollars paid for
a City license for the quarter year 1.1.33 to 3/31/33 as the store had been closed before the
check left the Chicago Office.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to refund $10.00 on the license for the Nifty Cleaners as they
conduct the dry cleaning part of the business outside the City limits.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Board took under discussion the telegram received from Senator Henderson
in regard to a conference on the City matters to be held in Carson City.

0 motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that The Mayor end as many of the Commissioners as could find it possible to attend the con-
ference in Carson City to do so. The trip to be at the expense of the individual making the
trip/

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Mundy and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 13th day of February, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 13th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of February 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and Thomas
and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell and Acting City Attorney Marshall.

Bimonthly salary bills approved.

A.R. Thompson, City Plumbing Inspector reported to the Board that there was a supply of
fertilizer on hand at the Disposal Plant at this time. The price for same was set at 75¢
per hundred pounds or $10.00 per ton.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that one slot machine license be granted to Jack Weisberger. Application being in
proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to issue two (2) exempt dog tags to R. Ward, for two dogs to
be used as watch gogs at the Stockade.

The matter of building walls at the curb lines on various streets in the City was
next brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that persons be permitted to to construct walls on the following streets, to-wit:

Bridger from Third to Fourth Streets

Carson from Third to Fifth Streets

Fourth Street from Carson to Lewis Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A.R. Thompson as City Engineer brought before the Board at this time the matter
of having our representatives in the Assembly and Senate introduce a bill reducing the gas
tax in the various counties in the State of Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, That the Clark County delegation in both the Assembly and the Senate,
now in session in Carson City, promote the passage of an act requiring the State of Nevada
to return 2% of the 4% gasoline tax now required, to the various counties in the State of
Nevada.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.