On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following persons be granted retail beverage licenses, Gordon Konold, and Jake Ensley

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Rose, Mr. Pansey and Mrs Rapoport appeared before the Board and protested the pay-
ment of an importers license in addition to the liquor licenses all ready held by them. They
were informed by the Board that this license must be paid until such time as the ordinance
went through the regular channels of amendment or repeal.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Clerk secure from the Sherff's office a list of all parties securing liquor stamps as
same is required by the laws of the State of Nevada. These stamps covering importers state
license.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Russell at this time presented to the Board a form of ordinance governing the
waste of water in the City of Las Vegas, and at his direction the same was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow, seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that action on the adoption of this "water waste" ordinance be tabled until some future meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Russell at this time appointed Dr. Francis York City Health Office to replace Dr.
Mildren the present Health Office. Said appointment to be effective August 1st, 1939.

Mayor Russell ask that Commissioners Gilbert and Krause formulate a plan for truck
routes in the City of Las Vegas and report to the Board their findings, in the near future.

Mayor Russell informed the Board that he considered it very necessary that the appointment
of a Chief of Police be made at this time and presented the name of Geo. Thompson. Term of office
for six months and the salary $250.00 per month.

As the members of the Board did not present this approval in the form of a motion the
Mayor then presented the names of Judd Parker Frank Wait, Don Borax and Clint Boggs for the
office of Chief of Police. None of which received the necessary motion or seconded, and at this
time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the meeting recess until the 17th day of July, 1939 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
and upon being put to vote the following voted aye: Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and
Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor. Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed until Monday the 17th day of July, 1939 at the hour of
7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JULY 17th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on the 17th day of July, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City
Attorney and Clerk.

this being the time set for the passage of the seim-monthly pay rolls and same being in
proper order on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was
moved and carried that warrants No. 188 to 192 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and
Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of meeting of July 5th read and approved as read.

The business of giving a sum of money to the Las Vegas Eagles Drum Corps, to be used
to help defray expenses of this group to the National Convention in Chicago in August, 1939,
being on file for consideration at this time on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the City of Las Vegas from its Pub-
licity Fund give the sum of $100.00 to the Eagles Durm Corp and that the Clerk be instructed
to write this organization to this effect and express to it the City's appreciation of the
very splendid way it had participated in City affairs in the past and that the City felt it
would receive a great deal of favorable publicity from the anticipated trip of this group.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the Board of Clark County Commissioners was read by the Clerk. Said Board
of County Commissioners stating that it would be glad to meet with the members of the City
Board at its recessed meeting to be held July 24th between the hours of two and five P.M.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that
the Board of City Commissioners meet in a recessed regular meeting Friday July the 21st at
the hour of two o'clock P.M. to discuss the various matters that the City would like to co-
operate in with the County.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was instructed to inform the County Clerk that the City Commissioner would
be glad to meet with the Board of County Commissioners Monday July 24th, 1939.