The following people appeared and protested the rezoning:

Mr. Felix

Richard W. Dowler

Mr. & Mrs. Albert Schouten

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Com-
mission be accepted and this property rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, Mayor Baker. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of Louis Miranti for rezoning of
Blocks 7 and 18; Block 6, save and except Lots 9,15,16 and 47; Block 19, save
and except Lots 11,19 and 20; and Block 30; save and except Lots 9 and 11, Las
Vegas Square Subdivision(Brentwood Park) from R-1 to R-3. The recommendation
of the Planning Commission was that this application be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning be continued until De-
cember 7; 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp/Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.



At this time the Board considered the application of Richard Tam Tract for rezoning of
the Tam Tract from M-1 and R-4 to C-2.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be referred back to the Planning
Commission with the recommendation that this property be rezoned to C-C.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of the Home Investment Company of
Long Beach for reclassification of a parcel of vacant land lying adjacent to
and West of 25th Street, having a frontage of approximately 6l0 feet, on the
North side of Bonanza Road, consisting of approximately five acres, from R-1
to C-C.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for rezoning be approved as recom-
mended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Sam Lionel appeared on behalf of the Land O' Sun in their petition for
annexation of the S½ of Section 35, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M to the City. This re-
quest has been approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until the petition
is in proper order.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, and Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Cedar Manor be approved subject
to receipt of a letter from the School Board concerning a school site, con/
necting sewers, and access roads from present roads.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Charleston Heights #12 be ap-
proved subject to receipt of a letter from the School Board concerning a school
site, connecting sewers, and access roads from present road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-

sent: Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of Pauline Donnell for rezoning of
Lots 11 to 16, Block 17, Buck's Subdivision from R-3 to R-4. This application
was denied by the Planning Commission.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted, and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

REZONING - Z-34-55
Louis Miranti

REZONING - Z-32-54
Tam Tract

REZONING -Z-18-55
Home Investment

ANNEXATION
Land 0' Sun

TENTATIVE MAP
Cedar Manor

TENTATIVE MAP
Charleston Heights
#12

REZONING - Z-38-55
Pauline Donnell