Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor the mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business being brought before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 22nd day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL MEETING.

Call for Special meeting.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City, to be
held at the Board Room of said Board in said City on Wednesday, the 21st day of October, 1931
at the hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the matter of the en-
actment of an emergency ordinance to cover picketing and allied subjects and you will give
notice in accordance with this call.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 21st day of October, 1931.

E.W.Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

To E.W.Cragin, Mayor, and to R.W.Thomas, L.B. Hansell, W.B.Mundy, and W.C. German, Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas:

Pursuant to a call this day made by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, notice is
hereby given that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held at the Board Room of said Board in said City on Wednesday, the 21st day of October
1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the matter of the
enactment of an emergency ordinance to cover picketing and allied subjects, and you will govern
yourselves accordingly.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 21st day of October, 1931.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned, being respectively the Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas do hereby acknowledge due service of the foregoing notice, and co sent to the holding of a
special meeting at the time and place and for the purpose mentioned in said notice.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 21st day of October, 1931.

E.W.Cragin.

L.B. Hansell	W.B. Mundy

W.C.German	R.W.Thomas

Commissioners.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 21st day of October
1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
and Thomas, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board considered the passage of an ordinance governing picketing in the
City of Las Vegas, as an emergency had arisen whereby such an ordinance was deemed necessary.

After some discussion on the matter an emergency ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance pro-
hibiting loitering, picketing or displaying banners, signs or transparencies, or speaking in
the public streets in a loud or unusual tone, for certain purposes," was read and adopted by the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.
Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 181 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be in
full force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week, ( six issues) in the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.