DOWNTOWN 	His Honor Mayor Gragson opened the meeting with the statement that the Commission

IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT	was not going to take any action on the Downtown Improvement District this evening

and that it would ha postponed for some time, in order for the plans to he worked out
more completely; so property owners concerned could know exactly what the improvements
were to be; then they could determine whether or not they would want them.

VACATION	This being the time heretofore set for public hearing regarding the petition of

(VAC-5-59)	Charleston Plaza, Inc. for the vacation to clear lot lines and vacate some street

right-of-way for the development of a shopping center, vacation to consist of
Public Hearing	Charleston Village Tract #1, with the exception of Lots 9, 10, 11 and 12, in

Block 7, and that portion of Peyton Drive commencing .at Burnham and extending 240'
Order Adopted	westerly. This vacation petition was approved at the regular Commission meeting

on October 23, 1959, subject to the following conditions, as recommended by the
Planning Commission, and Public Hearing was set for this time:

1.	The dedication of utility easements; as requested by the Southern Nevada
Power Company.

2.	Dedication and improvement of a cul-de-sac, as shown on the westerly end
of Peyton Drive.

3. Easements to the Las Vegas Valley Water District for existing water mains.

4. A street drainage design on the westerly edge property, to provide for

proper drainage of the Hillside Terrace area; including the dedication and
improvements of Peyton Drive across the power company easement; all to be
done in a manner satisfactory to the City Engineering Department.

$. Installation of fire hydrants, in accordance with the requirements of the Fire
Department.

6. Signing of an agreement, to be drawn up by the City Attorney, whereby

Charleston Plaza, Inc. will be fully responsible for drainage in the area
and will not hold the City liable for any resulting damage; said agreement
to be signed prior to the public hearing.

Paul Dollar, 1820 Peyton Drive, Mrs. Anthony Mazzuca, 1836 Peyton Drive, and
Wilma Grigor, 1830 Peyton Drive, were present to protest this vacation. Mr.

Dollar advised the Commission that Wendell Norman, 1824 Peyton Drive, who was
unable to attend this meeting, also wished to protest. Mr. Lollar stated further
that he did not know what this was all about; that he had never received any
notice of a hearing, and he was protesting because he did not know what was
going to be built around them.

Wilma Grigor stated she had received a notice of a Planning Commission Hearing
to be held on October 12, 1959; however, she had been informed this hearing had been
postponed, but never received notice of the postponement or of a subsequent
meeting to take its place. She added there was such a meeting and it was approved
to go ahead with the shopping center parking lot.

Planning Director Bills was of the opinion these people were confused with a

hearing conducted in relation to the change of the zoning in this area in which

the proposed vacation was located. He continued that this hearing tonight was

for the vacation of the streets recorded with the subdivision some six or seven

years ago which had never been improved, with the exception of a portion of

Peyton Drive, and this had been excluded from this vacation, due to the fact there were

four developed properties on this street which were under different ownerships.

These properties were also the reason for the cul-de-sac requirement included in
the Planning Commission recommendation.

William Peccole, President of Charleston Plaza, Inc., stated they were attempting
to develop a regional shopping center, consisting of approximately 35 acres, and
located at East Charleston Boulevard and Burnham Avenue. He continued that this
matter had been before the Board of Zoning Adjustment, Planning Commission and
the Board of City Commissioners, and he did not know of any meetings ever being
postponed. He added they were attempting at this time to vacate the streets
which have never been put in and were not asking to vacate that street in front

of the developed properties; furthermore, they were giving an easement for the

cul-de-sac on the westerly end of Peyton Drive.

Wilma Grigor asked what sort of structures were to be built around their homes
and it was determined they were to be surrounded by the parking areas. Mr.

Lollar stated he vigorously protested this. Mr. Peccole stated notices were
sent out for the hearing in regard to the rezoning of this property to C-1 and,

inasmuch as there were no protests to the rezoning, he did not know what else

they could expect in a C-1 zone and they should be willing to accept businesses
that would be developed. Mrs. Grigor stated she did not intend to approve the
C-1 zoning, but did not attend that hearing, as no notice was received of the
hearing after the first postponement.

Mr. Bills stated he could recall no postponement and, at the time of the rezoning
hearing, there were three property owners who wished to protest; however, after
an explanation of the proposal, they took the position if this particular plot
plan was followed they would have no further objection to it. He added this
rezoning had been accomplished and this property was now zoned C-1; the matter
presently before the Board was whether or not to approve the vacation of these
streets.

Commissioner Whipple reiterated that the zoning which permitted the parking lot
had already been accomplished. Mr. Lollar stated he received no notice of that
hearing. Mr. Bills stated he was in no position to swear these notices were
received, but he could testify a notice was sent to Ruth Lollar at 1820 Peyton
Drive; furthermore, these notices were mailed on October 30, 1959, setting forth
the hour of 7:30 P.M., November 12, 1959, for the Planning Commission Hearing,
and said hearing was legally advertised In a local newspaper for this time.

Mr. Bills continued that the Planning Commission minutes indicated that action was
taken at that time to forward the rezoning to the Board of City Commissioners,
with the recommendation for approval. He did not comprehend what was meant by a
postponement, as there was nothing in their records in that regard.

12-2-59