The Commission requested that the application of Louis Miranti for rezoning of
Blocks 7 and 18; Block 6, except Lots 9,15,16 and 47; Block 19, except Lots 11,

19 and 20; Block 30, except Lots 9 and 11 of Las Vegas Square from R-1 to R-3
he deferred until all the right-of-way has been secured.

The application of R.J. Kaltenborn for E.E. Kaltenborn for rezoning of Lots 1 to
6, Block 1 of Paradise Park from R-3 to R-4 was considered at this time. Director
of Planning Franklin Bills advised the Commission that an application had been
filed for rezoning of this and surrounding property from R-3 and R-4 to R-1 and
suggested that action on this application be deferred until recommendation on
the other application has been made.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be held in abeyance un-
til a complete survey can be made of the area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The application of Dr. John W. Montgomery for rezoning of Lots 10 to 13, 16 and
17, Block 7; Waddle Addition; part of Lot 12, Block 8, Hawkins Addition; Lots 1
to 6, Block 4, Pioneer Heights and Lots 13 and 14, Block 5; Pioneer Heights from
R-3 to R-4, was considered by the Board. The Planning Department amended the
application to include rezoning of both sides of 8th Street between Carson and
Bridger from R-3 to R-4, which was approved by the Planning Commission. His
Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced. Commissioner Bun-
ker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and that
both sides of 8th Street between Carson and Bridger be rezoned from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Commission considered the application of I.F. Quale and W.E.

Gogert for rezoning of Lots 1 and 2, Block 4, Biltmore Annex #3 from R-3 to
C-1. The Planning Commission recommended this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objection to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted and this application for rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of G. William Gottshall for rezoning
of a portion of land approximately 175 x 460' lying West and adjacent to the UP
right-of-way and South of Colorado Avenue as extended being part of the S½ of the
N½ of the NE¼ of Section 4, T21S, R6lE, from M-1 to M-2. The recommendation of
the Planning Commission was that this application be denied.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent :	Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Lewis and DeCourcy to rezone the NE¼
of the NW¼ and the S½ of the NW¼ and the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 30, T20S, R62E,
MDB&M from R-E to R-1.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission
that the ban on curb parking on South 5th Street from Oakey Boulevard to San Fran-
cisco be continued.

Mr. David Goldwater appeared on behalf of the property owners and tenants in this
area. He appealed to the Board to rescind this ordinance because it has proven
detrimental to the business in this area.

Messrs. Leigh Ellsworth, Dan Crane and Sam Ginsberg also appeared and requested
that parking be allowed.

The matter was continued until January 23, 1956 when there will be a meeting of the
committee from the property owners with the City Commission, Parking and Traffic
Commission and State Highway Department.

Discussion was held on the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that
the City lease the lot from Bruce Beckley and Virginia Richardson at 6th and Carson
for a parking lot.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance for further study.

REZONING - z-34-55
Louis Miranti

REZONING - Z-44-55
E.E. Kaltenborn

REZONING - Z-3-56
Dr. John Montgomery

REZONING - Z-4-56
Quale & Gogert

REZONING - Z-5-56
G.W. Gottshall



REZONING - Z-36-55
Lewis & DeCourcy

SOUTH 5TH STREET
CURB PARKING

PARKING LOT