Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Lois W. Hinman for a
Use Permit to operate a day nursery school for nine (9) children at
700 South 10th Street be denied, and authorization granted for the
return of Miss Hinman's cash bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro

Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of the Evangelical Lutheran
Church for a Use Permit to construct a church at 800 North Bruce Street
which is located between Harris and Washington Avenues in an R-1 zone.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission the Board of Adjustment
had recommended approval of this application subject to compliance with
the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer, the paving of off-
street parking area, signing of an agreement and filing of a bond for
off-site improvements. Mr. Bills stated that the agreement has been
signed, the bond has not yet been posted, however, a telegram has been
received late this afternoon from Los Angeles advising that steps are
being taken to secure the bond which will be forthcoming shortly.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Evangelical Lutheran
Church for a Use Permit be approved, subject to the conditions set
forth by the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada at a regular meeting held on the 4th day of September,

1957 having considered the application of the Evangelical Lutheran
Church for a Use Permit to construct a church at 800 North Bruce
Street, between Harris and Washington Avenues in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment that this application be approved subject to compliance
with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer, the paving
of off-street parking area, signing of an agreement and filing of a
bond and being advised the agreement is signed and a telegram received
late this afternoon from Los Angeles advising that steps are being taken
to secure said bond which will be forthcoming shortly;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the applica-
tion of the Evangelical Lutheran Church for a Use Permit to construct
a church at 800 North Bruce Street, between Harris and Washington Ave-
nues be approved, subject to the conditions as set forth by the Board
of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Board considered the application of the B. P. O. Elks for a use permit
to construct a service station on the Northeast corner of Bonanza and
5th Street, in a C-1 zone. Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the
station was actually to be constructed by Standard Oil Company of Calif-
ornia, and the application had been approved by the Board of Adjustment
subject to compliance with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic En-
gineer, signing of an agreement and posting of a bond for off-site im-
provements. The Planning Director further advised the agreement has
been signed and the bond posted this afternoon, but the City Attorney
has not had an opportunity to check the bond.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the B. P. 0. Elks for
a use permit be approved subject to compliance with the conditions
of the Board of Adjustment and subject to approval of the Bond by
the City Attorney, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada at a regular meeting held the 4th day of September, 1957
having considered the application of the B. P. O. Elks for a use per-
mit to construct a service station on the Northeast corner of Bonanza
and 5th Street, in a C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment that this application be approved subject to compliance
with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer, signing of an
agreement and the posting of a bond for off-site improvements which
are on file but no opportunity by the City Attorney to check said
bond;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the applica-
tion of the B. P. 0. Elks for a use permit to construct a service sta-
tion on the Northeast corner of Bonanza and 5th Street be approved,
subject to the conditions as set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

USE PERMIT - U-13-57
Evangelical Lutheran
Church
Approved

USE PERMIT - U-14-57
B. P. O. Elks
Approved