a)	Police Athletic League

b)	Assembly Bible Church

c)	Clark County Medical Society, Women's Auxiliary

d)	American Legion #8 Auxiliary

e)	Nevada State Firemen's Association

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Bunker moved the following application for license for the retail sale

of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervisor of License and 
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Blue Angel Motel	2110	Fremont	Sutton	Vending

Fleet Maintenance	817	South Main	Sutton	Vending

Silver Palace	1st & Fremont	Sutton	Vending

U.S. Motel	2500	Fremont	Sutton	Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE -	The Commission considered the application of the MarKay Corporation for license

Additional	for an additional "21" game at the El Morocco Club, 1332 North E Street. City

Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that reports have been submitted 
E1 Morocco Club	concerning the operation of the poker games at this establishment, and recommended that

action on this application for one "21" game be held in abeyance until the other
matter can be discussed with the owners of the El Morocco Club.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager's recommendation be accepted, and this
application for an additional "21" game at the El Morocco Club be held in abeyance 
until a report has been made to the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE -	Commissioner	Whipple moved the application of L. Marken, et al for an additional

Additional	license for one Faro Bank game at the Bird Cage Club, 102 Fremont be approved and

the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Bird Cage

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION FOR BUILDING           The petition of property owners in Woodland Park area, filed May 6, 1958 for the

CONDEMNATION	condemnation of the building at the northeast comer of Hastings Avenue and Tonopah 

Drive, owned by the estate of Bessie Williams, was considered at this time.

Woodland Park Addn.

	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Building Department has

given notice for condemnation of this building on April 25, 1958 to Leavitt &

Leavitt, attorneys for this estate. He stated that Mrs. Lucille Norton, executrix 
of the estate has notified the City through her attorneys, that the property
has been cleaned up and there are only two people living on the premises - one
is the deceased's brother who is very ill, and the other a man who takes care of
him. Mrs. Norton has advised that the property will be sold with the express
stipulation that the existing buildings be removed or destroyed.

Mr. Kennedy further stated that he would have a letter prepared to be sent to all
the petitioners, advising them of the situation.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	The Commission considered the application of George Kavanaugh for 50% interest in

Addition of Partner	the tavern license of the Esquire Lounge at 120 South 2nd Street, presently issued 

to Reed C. Snitker. City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Police

Esquire Lounge	report on the applicant is favorable.



Commissioner Bunker moved the application of George Kavanaugh for 50% interest in
the tavern license of the Esquire Lounge, 120 South 2nd Street, be approved, and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	Consideration was given to the application of David Pearl for 50% interest in the

Addn of Partner	tavern license of Charlie's Liquors, 1511 South Main Street, presently issued to

Charlie's Liquors	Fred Atol. The City Manager advised that Police investigation on Mr. Pearl was

	favorable.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of David Pearl for 50% interest in the
tavern license of Charlie's Liquors, 1511 South Main Street be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE -	The Commission considered the application of Sam and Lila Zona and Murray Peterson

Change of Owner	for the tavern license of the Aqua Hotel Bar at 1401 South 5th Street. City Manager 

Kennedy advised that this license was formerly issued to Pat Cashen and the
Aqua Hotel	payment of the license fees has been paid by the Bankruptcy Court during the interim

	 period. He further stated that the Police investigation on these applicants

was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Sam and Lila Zone and Murray
Peterson for the tavern liquor license of the Aqua Hotel, 1401 South 5th Street
be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

5-21-58