"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend Sections IV and V of Ordinance No. 168
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas
establishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within said City of Las
Vegas: defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate
certain factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said com-
mercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and re-
building of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the
violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a
second time and passed upon the following vote; Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 183 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week, six issues, in
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal.

The Board at this time discussed the matter of the City Dump ground.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Las Vegas Disposal Company be informed that they must provide a dump ground for itself as the
company is not fulfilling the terms of the contract held between itself and the City of Las Vegas
in not providing a suitable dumping ground, and the land that is being used at the present
time will revert back to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company as soon as the new disposal plant
for the City of Las Vegas is constructed. That a dump ground must be accessible to the public
at all times in order to fulfill the terms of the contract and in not doing so the contract
my be broken at any time.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of straightening some of the streets in the City was brought
before the Board by Mr. King, Supt. of City streets. After some discussion on the matter on
motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy moved that the City Engineer
A.R. Thompson straighten the streets in of the additions to the City that were not properly
laid out at an expense to the City not to exceed $800.00. Such work to extend over several
months.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Nones none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 13th day of November, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 13th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th
day of November, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officer showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy,
German, Hansell and Thomas City Attorney and City Clerk.

Semi-monthly salary bills approved for the Police and Street Depts.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
two slot machine licenses be granted to the Vegas Sweet Shoppe. Applications being in proper
form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk. Vote on said Motion was as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A copy of the Resolution passed by the Las Vegas Central Labor Council condemning
the City's Anti-Picketing Ordinance was read to the Board and ordered placed on file.

A petition signed by a number of property owners of the Westside petitioning the
Board of Commissioners for water in the H.F. M. & M. Addition was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the said petition be referred to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company as that company is serving
the City of Las Vegas as a public utility in furnishing water to the residence of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of gaming applications were presented to the Board for con-
sideration. After some discussion on the applications it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy
seconded by Commissioner that the following Preambles and Resolution were introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, conditions have changed in the City of Las Vegas since the adoption of that
certain Resolution by this Board at a recessed regular meeting of said Board on the 6th day
of July 1931 and its modification on the 10th day of July 1931, wherein and by said Resolution
and modification thereof it was provided that until the further order of the Board not more
than eight gaming licenses, exclusive of Slot Machine licenses be granted for the quarter
commencing on the first day of July, 1931 and ending on the 30th day of September, 1931, and
whereas in the opinion of this Board undersaid changed conditions there is a need and deman
for at least ten such gaming licenses for the quarter beginning October 1, 1931, and ending
on the 31st day of December, 1931, and the City's interest will be served thereby, and whereas
there has heretofore been issued or renewed in this quarter, beginning October 1, 1931 and
ending December 31, 1931 seven of said licenses, exclusive of licenses for slot machines only,
and that the granting for said last mentioned quarter at least ten such licenses will not
contravene public interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection under
the City's 1931 and 1932 budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the City's funds applicable
to police protection, but that the granting of more than ten such licenses for said
last mentioned quarter will contravene public interest and will require an excessive amount 