Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read
and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion. The
question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called
with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted
as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 705.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 7.40 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened in the Mayor's
office at the hour of 8.00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tavern liquor license of the Log Cabin Bar, 122
North 1st Street be suspended until April 18, 1956, and the operators notified to
appear at the regular meeting on that date to show cause why their license should
not be revoked for sale of liquor to minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Bunker.

The meeting convened in the Council Chambers at the hour of 8.30 P.M. with all mem-
bers present as of the opening session.

Mayor Baker announced that the casino operators had been requested to be present
at this meeting to discuss several problems. His Honor stated that the Commission
was disturbed about the numerous give-away programs that are being sponsored by
the local clubs.

Mayor Baker called the roll and representatives of the following clubs were present:

Pioneer Club	Brown Derby	Cotton Club

El Cortez Hotel	Town Tavern	Club Louisianna

Showboat Hotel	Lucky Strike	Westerner

Monte Carlo	Golden Nugget	Boulder Club

Califiornia Club	Fremont Hotel	Las Vegas Club

Fortune Club	Horseshoe Club	Lucky 13 Club

Golden Slot	Golden Gate	Cinnabar

Discussion was held on whether or not the clubs wished to continue the practice of
give-aways. Those representatives who were in favor were the Fortune Club, Lucky
13 Club, El Cortez Hotel and Showboat. Those opposed to this practice were the
Golden Nugget, Monte Carlo Club, Lucky Strike and Cinnabar.

Thereafter the Board took the matter under advisement and advised the club operators
that they would be notified of the action.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jack Smith for an auction permit at
the Troy Laundry, 119 North Main Street on April 17, 1956, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that George E.Wade, Director of Public Works be granted
permission to attend the Public Works Convention in Oakland, California and that
expenses in the amount of $150.00 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Fire Chief and Alarm Captain be granted $50.00 ex-
penses to attend a meeting of the I.M.S.A. in Bakersfield, California.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Fountain moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:		

ATTESTED:

	Mayor

   City Clerk

LOG CABIN BAR
License Suspended

GAMING LICENSES

AUCTION PERMIT
Troy Laundry

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Director of Public
Works

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Fire Department
Personnel