Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7, 1955

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 7th day of February, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 9:15 A.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

Asst. City Manager	Robert	W.	Notti

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George	Rounthwaite

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

Commissioner Jarrett moved the amended assessment roll on Assessment District No.
100-25 be ordered filed and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners	of the City	of Las	Vegas have taken steps

to create certain public improvements all	as provided	for in	Emergency Ordinance

No. 601, passed, adopted and approved the	12th day of	April,	1954, and

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 601	directed the County

Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-officio City Assessor of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to make an assessment roll in accordance with the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
as directed by Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 601; and

WHEREAS, the costs of making said special improvements are now deemed to be
only $104,161.07 instead of $212,620.00 as provided in Section 8 of said Emergency
Ordinance No. 601, and

WHEREAS, an amended Assessment Roll has been prepared by the County Assessor,
the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas all as required by Section 2
of Emergency Ordinance No. 629, passed, adopted and approved the 2nd day of February,
1955, and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the notice of special assessment and
public hearing on the amended assessment roll for Special Assessment District No.
100-25, as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 7th day of February, 1955, that
the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed
to publish notice of the time and place when and where the Board and the County
Assessor and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to consider objections to said
amended special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said notice of special assessment and public hearing
on the amended assessment roll for Special Improvement District No. 100-25 shall be
published once a week for two successive weeks, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said notice of special assessment and public
hearing upon the amended assessment roll for District No. 100-25 shall be in
substantially the form attached to this resolution and made a part hereof.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT

AND PUBLIC HEARING
ON AMENDED ASSESSMENT ROLL
OF SPECIAL IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-25

TO ALL PERSONS INTERESTED IN SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-25, TAKE NOTICE:

That the amended assessment roll of special assessment heretofore made by
the assessor for the purpose of defraying the costs, the entire costs, which the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas decided should be paid and borne by
special assessments for a complete street lighting system on the following street:

Fifth Street from a point approximately 730 feet North of the
intersection of South Fifth and South Main, to the North City
Limits, improvements consisting of the constructing thereon
of street lighting facilities which include concrete bases,
aluminum standards, mercury vapor luminaires and underground
and single overhead wire and series lighting system, together
with such appurtenances as may be required,

is now on file at my office for public inspection, all pursuant to the provisions
of Emergency Ordinance No. 629, adopted the 2nd day of February, 1955.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, will meet in the Council Room of the City Hall
at Fifth Street and Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday, the 16th day
of February, 1955, at the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M., to review said assessment, at
which time and place opportunity will be given all persons interested to be heard.

2-7-55

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

Assessment Roll Filed
Public Hearing Set