Harry	Blanding	188

W. H.	Elwell	528

	QUESTION NO. 1.

Yes	357

No	258

Thereupon, motion duly made, seconded and carried the following preamble and resolution were
duly adopted:

Whereas, it appears to the Board from a canvass of the City Election held on the 8th day of
May, a. d., 1923 that W. C. German has received the highest number of votes for Mayor; that W. E.
Arnold has received the highest number of votes for commissioner of the first class; that C. R.

Shield has received the highest number of votes 	for commissioner of the Second class; that A. R.

Anderson has received the highest number of votes for commissioner of the third class; that W. H.
Elwell has received the highest number of votes for commissioner of the fourth class, and that

the number of votes cast for the bonds under question No. 1 submitted at said election was 357; that

the number of votes cast against the said bonds was 258, and that the result of said election
was the authorization of this Board to issue fifty Thousand Dollars in par value of negotiable
coupon bonds of the city of Las Vegas for the purpose of providing for the construction of a high-
way through said City of Las Vegas with Federal aid to connect with route 6 of the State highway
system of the State of Nevada, as embraced in said Question No. 1.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the above named persons be and they are hereby respect-
ively declared elected to their said respective office, and the Clerk of this Board is hereby
directed to issue certificates of election to the said above-named persons.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the result of said election upon said Question No. 1 be and the
same is hereby declared to be that said Question No. 1 was carried in the affirmative, constituting
an authorization to this Board to issue Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) in par value of neg-
otiable coupon bond of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of providing for the construction
of a highway through said City of Las Vegas with federal Aid to connect with Route 6 of the
state highway system fo the State of Nevada, as embraced in said Question No. 1.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and
his Honor the Mayor Pro. Tem. W. H. Dentner voting aye. Noes, none.	

Thereupon motion of commissioner Blanding, seconded by commissioner Arnold, the following

resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that it is the opinion, of this Board that a survey has been authorized to be

made by the Department of State Highways, as a preliminary step in securing the construction of

a highway through the city of Las Vegas with federal Aid; and that said authorized survey was 

 to extend from the northerly city limits along Main street Fremont Street; and along Fremont 

street to the easterly city limits; that any other surveys made are without the consent or auth-
orization of this Board. Voting on, said Resolution Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding

and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.



Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Blanding Seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following

Resolution was adopted:	

RESOLVED, THAT this Board favors the construction of the proposed Federal Aid Highway through
the City of Las Vegas along the following route; from the northerly city limits along Main Street
to Fremont Street; along Fremont Street to the easterly city limits; And further the sati highway
be of gravel excepting for the following portion, to-wit: from main to 5th street on Fremont.

Voting on said Resolution Commissioner Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,

Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was the order
of the Board, upon motion made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Monday, the 4th of June,
1923, at the hour of two O'clock p. m