Thereupon it appearing to the Board that Gus Blad had received a plurality of all votes cast

for the office of Municipal Judge, it was Therefore Resolved, on motion of Commissioner Ronnow,
seconded by Commissioner Luce, that the said Gus Blad be and he is hereby declared to be the
duly elected Municipal Judge for the ensuing two years, and it was further Resolved that the City
Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said Gus Blad.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
16th day of May, at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 16th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of May, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Minutes of meetings from April 4th to May 9th inclusive read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that warrants Nos. 154 to 160 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a Master Electricians certificate be granted to Irwin G. Warner. Said application for per-
mit being accompanied by check of $50.00. Mr. Warner to work as master electrician for the
Connelly Electric Co.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. C.V.T.Gilbert appeared before the Board and ask for assistance in improving the cross-
ing near the Westside School and informed the Board that both the Board of County Commissioners
and the W.P.A. would assist if the City would allow them the use of two trucks and approximately
$18.00 for gas.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City allow the sum of $18.00 for gas and the use of two trucks toward the improvement
of the crossing near the Westside School.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City bills for the month of April 1939 be published in the Las Vegas Age and the bills
for May, 1939 be published in the L.V.Review Journal and that the rate paid be half the legal
rate.

Vote Commissioners Luce,	Krause	and	Corradetti and His Honor	the	Mayor	voting	aye.	Noes, none

he renewal of the lease	had by	the	C.C.C. on ground east of	the	City used as	a camp came

before the Board at this time, and on motion of Commissioner Luce, seconded by Commissioner Krause
it was moved and carried that the Mayor	sign the renewal of this	lease for	one year.

Vote Commissioners Luce,	Krause	and	Corradetti and His Honor	the	Mayor	voting	aye.	Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Joe Gallo at the Apache Bar and one be granted to
the L.V.Fire Department.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Elks Lodge be granted a retail Tavern License and license for 8 slot machines, three devices
and one card game at the Helldorado Village.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the City allow the sum of $30.00 toward the traveling expenses of A.L.Drew to the Chapter
meeting of the S.W. Section of the International Electrical Inspectors Association.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the City allow the sum of $100.00 toward the traveling expenses of Commissioner Corradetti
Officer Thompson and any other peace officer who would be able to attend the State Convention of
the Nevada State Peace Officer Association at Winnemucca May 20th, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Thursday the 25th day of May, 1939 at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M.