Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

AERIAL MAP	Director of Public Works Sauer presented a request from Clark County for the

Las Vegas Wash	City to participate in the expense of an aerial survey of Las Vegas Wash below

the Sewage Disposal Plants at an estimated cost of $4,500; City's participation
Expenditure	would be $2,250. Mr. Sauer stated that this request was a result of trouble in

Approved	the vicinity of Pittman for which the City was responsible to a certain extent.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request from Clark County for the City to
participate in the expense of an aerial survey of Las Vegas Wash be approved
in the estimated amount of $2,250.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

EFFLUENT WATER	Director of Public Works Sauer presented the request of Lalif Wood to use or

Lalif Wood	purchase effluent water from the City for the purpose of crop irrigation. Mr.

Sauer added subsequent requests had been received from other individuals and if
Held in Abeyance	the Commission desired to sell this water for private use, he would confer with

the City Attorney and John Carollo, Consulting Engineer, and present the findings
at the next regular meeting of the Commission.

Karsten Bronken addressed the Commission stating that he had been retained by
Mr. Wood as an engineer and he had not completed his study; however, he had found
the minimum flow of water was roughly 5,000 gallons a minute which was a sizeable 
amount of water and from the minor knowledge he had of the situation at this
time was much greater than the adjacent land could use.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance to be studied by the
City Attorney, the engineers and the Soil Conservation Service.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

ANNEXATION LAW	City Attorney Calvin Cory presented and read a resolution wherein the Board of

REVISION	Commissioners requested the Board of Directors of the Nevada Municipal Association 

to offer and support an appropriate amendment in the 1960 Legislature to
Resolution Adopted	revise the annexation law so that municipalities may annex territory without

interference by other political subdivisions.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 269.020 concerning annexation to
incorporated cities, is being used in an effort to hamper annexation by incorporated 
cities; and

WHEREAS, incorporated cities should be permitted to grow and develop in an
orderly manner; and

WHEREAS, no restrictions should be placed on annexation, other than the
consent of a majority of the persons within the area proposed for annexation,
and the consent of the municipality,

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED that the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting held on the 23rd day of October, 1959,
request the Board of Directors of the Nevada Municipal Association to offer and
support an appropriate amendment in the 1960 Legislature to revise the annexation 
law so that municipalities may annex territory without interference by
other political subdivisions.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that copies of this Resolution be forwarded to
Mayor Richards, President of the Nevada Municipal Association and the Board of
Directors of said Association.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 23rd day of October, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson__________

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag__________

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

SALES TAX	City Attorney Calvin Cory presented and read a resolution wherein the Board of

FOR MUNICIPALITIES	Commissioners resolved that this municipality is not in favor of permissive sales

tax legislation and further that copies of this resolution be sent to Mayor
Resolution Adopted	Richards, President of the Nevada Municipal Association and the Board of Directors

of said Association.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

10-23-59