A report from the Regional Planning Commission under date of October 1,

1951 on Ridgeview Subdivision, recommending that the tentative map on
this subdivision be approved, was presented to the Board for their con-
sideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission be accepted and the tentative map on this Ridgeview Sub-
division be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time a report from the Regional Planning Commission, under date
of October 1, 1951 recommending approval of the final map on Paradise
Village Subdivision, Tract No. 3 was presented to the Board for their con-
sideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map on Paradise Village Subdivision,
Tract No. 3 be passed and approved subject to acceptance and approval of the
City Engineer and approval by the City Attorney as to the performance bond
and required terms.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Jarrett.

A request of the Las Vegas Taxicab Association by Lee Spiers, President
that the public hearing on their request for rate raises be continued
until they have time to prepare data in support of their application
was presented at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Discussion was held at this time with Mr. Paul Sperling of the Nevada
Theaters Inc. and Fire Chief Harold Case regarding prohibition of smoking
in theaters.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that the Fire Chief and the Theater
operators arrange a meeting to work out this problem, and report back to
the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. 

Mr. Jerry Mack appeared before the Board at this time and presented two
petitions signed by residents and property owners requesting the paving of
Oakey Boulevard, east from South 5th Street.

These petitions were filed with the Clerk and the Board requested a com-
mittee of these property owners to contact the City Manager regarding this
matter.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City create Lighting District No. 100-11
and proceed immediately.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of South Fifth Street hereinafter de-
scribed, has been and still is without adequate street lighting, and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made for the installation
of street lighting along the said South Fifth Street, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
have determined that the public will be better served by the installation
of street lighting facilities on South Fifth Street from the South City
Limits to a point where Oakey Boulevard intersects South Fifth Street,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the
3rd day of October, 1951, that the City Engineer be and he is hereby di-
rected to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, and
estimates of cost for the installation of complete street lighting
facilities with steel standards and single overhead wire on series
lighting system in, over, and along South Fifth Street from the South
City Limits to a point where Oakey Boulevard intersects South Fifth
Street.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 3rd day of October, A. D. 1951.

RIDGEVIEW SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map

 PARADISE VILLAGE
Tract No. 3
Final Map

TAXICAB ASSOCIATION
SMOKING IN THEATERS

PETITION FOR STREET
IMPROVEMENT
Oakey Boulevard

  PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DIST. NO. 100-11
So. 5th Street Lighting