SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Dr. R. B. Whithead

U-14-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
A. C. Delkin

ANNEXATION

Petitions

CONTRACTOR'S LICENSE
Frank McCully

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION
5th Street

Commissioner Sharp moved the service and material warrants Nos. 3058 to 3191 inclusive,
in the total amount of $79,899.72 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the minutes of May 4, 1955; he approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal protesting the approval of
the application fo Dr. Rulon B. Whitehead for a use permit to construct a one-story
dental office in the 300 block on Maryland Parkway (Lots 11 & 12, Block 9, Pioneer Heights
Addition) in an R-4 zone (U-14-55; approved by the Board of Commissioners March 30, 1955),
the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. Leo McNamee, representing Nellie Carol and Max Kelch, appeared before the Board at
this time protesting this use permit. He asked that the public hearing be postponed until
the next meeting of the Board.

Mr. James C. Young, attorney for Dr. Rulon B. Whitehead, stated that he had a petition
signed by more persons favoring the use permit than had signed the petition in protest.

Mr. Walter Hunsaker also appeared in protest of the granting of this use permit.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the public hearing on the appeal of Dr. Rulon B. Whitehead
for a use permit to construct a one-story dental office in the 300 block on Maryland
Parkway in an R-4 zone be continued until June 15, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the appeal of A. C.
Delkin of the denial of his application for rezoning of Lots 6 and 7; Block 2, Pioneer
Heights Addition (113-115 South 10th) from R-4 to C-2, continued from May 4, 1955, the
matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. David Zenoff, appearing on behalf of Mr. Delkin, requested further continuance of this
hearing in order to circulate a petition to the surrounding property owners on a plan for
the use of this property.

Mr. Franklin Bills, Planning Director, said that the proposal would require a new appli-
cation to the Planning Commission.

Thereafter Mr. David Zenoff stated that he would withdraw this appeal for rezoning on behalf
of his client, Mr. A. C. Delkin.

At this time the Board considered the petition of Will Max Schwartz for annexation of Sec.
21, T20S, R61E, consisting of approximately ten acres; and the petition of Baker & Hazard,
Incorporated, for annexation of property located in the S½ N½ SW¼ and S½ SW¼ SE¼, Sec. 21,
T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

Commissioner Sharp moved that these petitions for annexation be referred to the Planning
Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the matter concerning the request of Frank McCully,
general contractor, to appear and show cause why his license should not be revoked for
reported violation of the law in connection with the construction of 106-112 Van Buren.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that a letter had been received from Mr. McCully's attorney,
Joseph McDonald, requesting continuance of this matter until June 15, 1955.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that this matter be continued until June 15, 1955; and
that the Building Department be advised not to issue any building permits to the contractor
until after this time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker and Mayor Baker.

City Engineer George Wade recommended at this time that the City consider the installation
of sidewalks along 5th Street from either Cashman Field or Bonanza Road south to St. Louis.

5-18-55