Las Vegas, Nevada
May 21, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 21st day of May, 1958 was called to order by His Honor Mayor Baker at
the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Ass't City Atty.	Ralston 0. Hawkins

Ass't Dir. of Planning	Donald Saylor

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

LIQUOR LICENSE	Consideration was given to the application of Ruth Perlman for transfer of the

Change of Location	package liquor license of Sammy's Newstand from 124 South 1st Street to 120 North

2nd Street.

Sammy's Newstand

^	Mr. George Dickerson appeared on behalf of Mrs. Perlman and advised the Commission

that this request for transfer to a new location supercedes their prior request for
extension of time on the condemnation of the building at 124 South 1st Street,
approved May 7, 1958. Mr. Dickerson explained that the demands of the owners of
the property on South 1st Street would place a financial strain on Mrs. Pearlman,
and consequently a ten year lease of the premises at 120 North 2nd Street had
been negotiated. He further informed the Commission that the owners of the 
Cinnabar which is adjacent to this proposed location, have submitted in writing a
letter indicating that they have no objection to Mrs. Perlman operating a package
liquor business at 120 North 2nd. Mr. Dickerson also stated that Mrs. Perlman
had no intentions of operating a beer bar in connection with this business, and
requested favorable consideration of the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ruth Perlman to transfer the package
liquor license of Sammy's Newsstand from 124 South 1st Street to 120 North 2nd
Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the following applications for new liquor licenses, and

New	were advised by City Manager Kennedy that all applicants were recommended favor-

ably by the Police Department:

BAGDAD COFFEE SHOP	Martin Van Londen	2211	South 5th	Restaurant

Beverage

MONTE CARLO COFFEE SHOP	Maynard Campbell	1600	South Main	Restaurant

Beverage

MOM'S KITCHEN	Daisy Hunter	504	Jackson	Restaurant

Beverage

Commissioner Fountain moved the above listed applications for new Restaurant Bev-
erage licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the investigation of Leon Jones,

Change of Owner	applicant for the Restaurant Beverage license for the Pig 'N The Pit was unfavorable,

Denied	 and it was recommended that the license be denied. Mr. Kennedy further

stated that the liquor license is presently issued to Henry Banks, now deceased,

Pig 'N The Pit	and it is further recommended that this license be suspended until a proper 

^	representative of the estate has been appointed.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Leon Jones for a Restaurant
Beverage license at the Pig 'N The Pit, 1329 North E Street be denied; further
that the license issued to Henry Banks for a Restaurant Beverage license at
this location be suspended immediately until application is made by the proper
representatives of the estate, and the Police Department authorized to notify
those in charge to discontinue sale of beer and wine immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SECONDHAND STORE	The Commission considered the request of Edward Cramer to move his secondhand

Change of Location	store known as Eddie's Friendly Store from 219 North 1st Street to 120 Stewart

Street. The Board was advised that this proposed new location has been checked
				   Eddie's Friendly Store and approved by all departments concerned.



Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Edward Cramer to move the secondhand dealers
license of Eddie's Friendly Store from 219 North 1st to 120 Stewart Street be approved 
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LEAVE OF ABSENCE	Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Attorney for leave of absence for

City Attorney	military duty from May 19th through May 29th, 1958, be approved.

/

5-21-58