SPECIAL CENSUS

SEWER AGREEMENT
Race Track

POLITICAL BANNERS

FLOOR COVERING
City Hall

SOUNDSCRIBER AND
RECORDER

Mr. Herb McDonald of the Chamber of Commerce was present at this time to request
the City to participate financially in a special census for 1955. Mr. McDonald
stated that it would cost approximately $7,000.00 and requested that The City
put up $2,63O.OO. This matter was held over until the regular meeting on October
20, 1954.

City Manager George Rounthwaite reported on the sewer agreement for the Las
Vegas Turf Club and stated that Mr. Fred Johnston had agreed to pay $300.00 for
this month. It was decided to negotiate with the McNeill Construction Company
for an agreement since they are the prime lessees on the race track.

Mr. Rounthwaite requested the wish of the Commission on political banners across
the streets. It was decided that each of the political parties would be allowed
one banner, and that they should furnish sufficient evidence of insurance.

Commissioner Jarrett was opposed to this and made a motion that no political banners
be placed across the streets. This motion died for lack of a second.

City Engineer George Wade reported that Floor Covering for the lower floor of the
new addition could be secured for approximately $4,000.00. Mr. Wade was requested
to secure bids.

Mr. Rounthwaite presented the proposal of Sarratt's Office Equipment for the
installation of a Soundscriber and Recorder in the Council Chambers. It was
decided not to install this Soundscriber, but to put in microphones, instead.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, this special meeting
adjourned.

	Las Vegas, Nevada

October 20, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held the 20th day of October, 1954, was
called to order by His Honor Mayor Baker at the hour of 7:45 P.M. with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex Jarrett

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard Cannon

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

City Engineer	George Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris Sharp

Commissioner Whipple moved the Payroll Warrants Nos. 10176 to 10648 in the net amount of
$56,148.30 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 157 to 334 in the
total amount of $98,780.97 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of October 6 and 18, 1954, be approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

This being the time heretofore set for continuation of the Public Hearing on the protest
of the granting of a Use Permit to Rancho Drive Realty for the installation of a
shopping center on Block 3, El Centro Tract No. 2, the Mayor asked if there was any
additional information.

Mr. Coulthard, representing Rancho Drive Realty, requested the Commission to rescind
their action of granting a Use Permit so that a new application may be entered for a
zone change on this property to R-4.

Mr. Cleveland Schultz, a protestant, asked the Commission if the Use Permit was
rescinded would a zone change follow automatically. The Commission stated that this
new application would go through the proper channels and the application for a zone
change would eventually come before the Board for their decision.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Use Permit granted Rancho Drive Realty at a
previous meeting be rescinded.

10-20-54

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Rancho Drive Realty