PIONEER CLUB       A letter was read from the Pioneer Club requesting the refund of $50.00 on an
APPLICATION       importers beverage liquor license because of the fact that the County Commission-
ers, did not issue said firm a county license. The matter was referred to the City
Attorney.

SEWAGE DISPOSAL  A written opinion from the City Attorney relative to a lease on the sewage
PLANT	disposal plant, now being constructed near the east boundary of the city, was

LEASE	read. After some discussion as to certain portions of the proposed lease, the

City Attorney was instructed to write to Leo E. Forquer, senior attorney for
the Federal Works Agency for more particulars.

MURRY CABINS  A letter was read from Mr. Harry H. Austin relative to a suit filed in the

District Court by T. M. Murry against the Ctiy of Las Vegas seeking damages in
excess of $20,000.00. Commissioner Smith stated that the Charter provided for
the hiring of an assistant to the City Attorney and in his opinion the 

selection should be left to the discretion of the City Attorney. After considerable
discussion the matter was laid over until the next regular meeting, with the
understanding that the City Attorney would protect the City's rights.

LAS VEGAS	 A letter from the War Department relative to a lease covering the area used

GUNNERY SCHOOL   by the Las Vegas Gunnery School was presented to the Board. After considerable
PROPOSED LEASE	discussion, Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be instructed to write

a letter, first, to the City Engineer requesting him to ascertain the property
and location thereof in the vicinity of the Gunnery School which is owned by
the City and occupied by the Gunnery School. Upon receipt of the information,
the Clerk shall write to the proper federal agency advising them that the city
will clear title to the property which is owned by the City to their satis-
faction and the property which the City does not own they have no way of
obtaining title thereto. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE 	A letter from the State Highway Engineer regarding the licensing of taxi

TAXI DRIVERS	drivers was read and referred to the City Attorney.

TRAILER HOUSE 	A communication signed by Rev. Ralph Barber relative to a trailer house

VIOLATION		located at 325 S. 9th St. which he is now occupying and which is in violation

REV. BARBER	of our trailer ordinance, was presented to the Board. Due to the present

emergency in housing conditions, Rev. Barber requested the Board for 

permission to occupy said trailer until such time as he could build. The matter
was referred to the Building Inspector.

Mr. Austin then read a report from the Building Inspector regarding several
trailers in the City.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Clark
moved that the meeting adjourn until April the 16th, 1943 at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
April, 1943. Meeting called to order by Mayor pro tem, C. R. Clark, with the
 following members present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux; City

Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Mayor

Howell C. Garrison.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved
and accepted by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro

tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 889 to 1069, inclusive, be approved and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Comm-
issioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

U.S. WEATHER BUREAU Commissioner Smith moved that the U. S. Weather Bureau be granted a lease for

LEASE	quarters at the Airport Administration Building on similar terms as that grant-

ed to the C.A.A. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

COUNTY HOUSING	Mr. James Farndale appeared before the Board on behalf of the County Housing

AUTHORITY	 Authority and requested permission of the City Council for the County Housing

Authority to operate within the City, stating that by legislative act it was
necessary to have permission of the City Council in order to take over any
federal property within the City limits. The matter was held over for further
study.