Las Vegas, Nevada
September 9, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 9th day of September, 1955 was called to order
at the hour of 4:45 P.M. by his Honor Mayor Baker with the following mem-
bers present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Mr. George Albright, Chairman of the Board of Clark County Commissioners and
Mr. Murray Hoyt, Director of County Planning Commission, were present and sub-
mitted the proposed plan for the installation of a Home for the Aged and Sal-
vation Army building on property behind the Clark County Juvenile Home on
Shadow Lane. Mr. Albright explained that this construction would be approxi-
mately 400 feet east of Shadow Lane, or 100 feet east of the present Juvenile
Home, said property being located in the W½, SE¼, NE¼, SW¼ of Section 33,

T20S, R61E, MDB&M in an R-1 zone.

Planning Director Franklin Bills reported that the Board of Adjustment had
denied the application of the Clark County Board of Commissioners for a Use
Permit for this construction on February 24, 1955. Mr. Bills advised the
Commission that nineteen property owners within this vicinity had appeared
before the Board of Adjustment and objected to this application for use permit.

Thereafter, Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Clark County Board
of Commissioners for a Use Permit to construct and maintain a Home for the Aged
and Salvation Army behind the Juvenile Home on Shadow Lane be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a recessed regular meeting on the 9th day of September, 1955; having
considered the application of the Clark County Board of Commissioners to con-
struct and maintain a home for the aged and a Salvation Army building on the
W½, SE¼, NE¼, SW¼ of Section 33, T20S, R61E, MDB&M; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment denying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that the application of
the Clark County Board of Commissioners for a use permit to construct and main-
tain a home for the aged and Salvation Army building on the W½, SE¼, NE¼, SW¼
of Section 33, T20S, R61E, MDB&M is in the public interest, and the same be
approved and the inspections departments are hereby authorized to issue the
necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Com-
missioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Fountain, and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,
Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT - U-8-55
Clark County Commission
Home for Aged and
Salvation Army

9-9-55