OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 21st, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21st day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that all slot machine applications on file with the City Clerk be granted.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that J.F. Hesse be granted a wholesale liquor license. License fee $50.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners entered into a discussion as to the combin-
ing of the City and County Health doctors. No action was taken on the matter.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that the Las Vegas Taxi and the Boulder Taxi be given 20ft space to be used as
a taxi stand. Permission of the owners of the Boulder Club 118 Fremont St. stand of the
Boulder Taxi Company and Sam Mikulich owner of Goodfellow's Grill 17 Fremont Street being
given to said taxi companies for the 20ft parking space. Police Department directed to paint
said strips the proper color.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and his Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

It was called to the attention of the Board at this time that a number of property
owners in Pioneer and Fairview Additions to the City of Las Vegas had erected fences across
alleys belonging to the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the City attorney be instructed to to draw up and serve a formal notice to any
property owners infringing on City property and serve same.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, German, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 1st, 1933.



Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 1st day of May
1933 at the hour of 3:45 P.M.

CALL

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 1, 1933.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, to be held at the Board room of said Board on Monday the 1st day of May, 1933 at the
hour of three forty five (3:45) P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the consolidation of
the County and City Health officers. You will give notice accordingly.

E.W. Cragin,

Mayor.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 1st, 1933.

To E.W. Cragin, Mayor and to Commissioners R.W. Thomas, L.B. Hansell, W.C. German and W.B. Mundy.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued by