547

STREET EXCAVATION Stewart Street between  25th & 30th Streets	mentioned recommendations, and an ordinance entitled AN ORDINANCE ADOPTING THE MASTER PLAN OF LAND USE, 1953 REVISION, CITY OF LAS VEGAS; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREIWTH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, be and the same hereby is adopted.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  The proposal of the City Engineer for excavation and improvement of Stewart Street between 25th and 30th Streets for the approximate cost of $l4,000.00 was presented. This work is proposed to be done by the Ideal Asphalt Paving Company.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and the improvement of Stewart Street between 25th and 30th Streets be ordered
	done by Ideal Asphalt Paving Company.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
CIVIL SERVICE RECOMMEN- DATION	The recommendation of the Civil Service Board of Trustees and the City Manager that Lewis McDonnell Mechanic in the Street Department be advanced to the 5th step of Schedule

Lewis McDonnell 21, the same being $381.00 per month was presented for consideration.

Street Department Mechanic

	Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation be approved and Lewis McDonnel be advanced

SARATOGA RACE BOOK  License  	from step No. 3 to step No. 5 of Schedule 21.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Mr. Sam Cohen appeared before the Commission at this time regarding the revocation of his Race Book license at the Saratoga Race Book on December 2, 1953.  Mr. Cohen stated that he wished to apologize to the Board for incurring the wrath of the Commission by presenting his application for license for a coffee vending machine.  He said that it was only upon the advise of the Clerk that he made this application in order that he could ascertain the policy of the Commission in this regard.  Discussion was held by various members of the Board the general concensus of which was that Mr. Cohen had been properly notified of the wish of the Commission as to what would he allowed to operate on the same premises as the Race Book. Mr. Cohen was chastised for seeking information concerning the policy of the Board of Commissioners from City employees rather than directly from the Commission.  Nofurther action was taken by the Board.
5TH STREET LIGHTING Proposed Assessment District	The question of the installation of street lights along 5th Street from Oakey Boulevard to the north City limits was discussed at this time.  Commissioner Bunker moved this matter of assessment district for street lighting on 5th Street be referred to the City Engineer for study and report as to the type of assessment most beneficial; further that the City Engineer be directed to prepare the plans and specifications for this proposed district.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
SALARY ADVANCE Asst. Planning Director	The salary of the Assistant Planning Director, Murray Hoyt, was discussed at this time. The question arose as to whether or not the proposed salary advance could be made retroactive. At this point the City Attorney advised the Board that increases in pay for employees behind the present pay period might be subject to attack as unauthorized expenditure of City funds.  Commissioner Whipple moved Assistant Planning Director Murray Hoyt's salary be advanced to $500.00 per month.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
ORDINANCE NO. 579 Firearms  Publication Withdrawn	Commissioner Bunker brought up the recently adopted Firearms ordinance at this time and explained to the Board that he had found out after this ordinance had been adopted on December 2, 1953 that he had made a committment to the Sportsman Association that they would be given an opportunity to work with the committee previous to the adoption of the same. Commissioner Bunker stated that he had not seen the final draft of this  ordinance before the aforementioned meeting on December 2nd, and felt that he had been hasty in voting for adoption without allowing interested parties to be heard.  Commissioner Jarrett, the other member of the committee for recommendation on this ordinance said that he was of the same opinion as Commissioner Bunker.  The Board was advised that the first publication of this ordinance was on December 7,  1954  Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the City Clerk be directed to withdraw the second publication of Ordinance No. 579.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-2	At this time the Board discussed the partial duplication of assessment in Districts Nos. 100-2 and 100-16 on the property owned by Thomas T. Beam.
Correction of Roll	Commissioner Whipple moved the assessment in District No. 100-2 be deleted and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED, that since it has been brought to the attention of the Board of Commissioners that there is a partial duplication of assessment in District Nos. 100-2 and 100-16 on property belonging to Thomas T. Beam; and  WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Commissioners that this assessment shon on page 3, line 3 of Assessment Roll No. 12-195© which covers 302.20 feet of property at $5.352 per front foot in the total amount of $1,617.38, be deleted from said Assess-