be made without injury or loss to the City Now therefore be it resolved that the American Light

and Water Company be and they are hereby authorized to vary from the plans and specifications

heretofore adopted for the sewer system as to the grades and depth of cuts along the alley

between Fremont and Ogden streets in accordance with the following adjustment and change viz:

that the grades on the alley between Fremont and Ogden streets from the alley between Main and

First Streets between fourth and fifth streets be raised to a grade that will be as follows

at the intersection of the alley between Main and First and the alley in Question will be 16:24

ft at the alley between first and second street will be 13:34 feet at the alley between second

and Third street will be 10:50 feet at the alley between third and fourth streets will be 07:84

feet at the alley between fourth and fifth street will be 06:32 feet and the rest of the grades

as originally established and that the American Light and water Company and the consulting Engineer



he notified of such change so that said variance may be made". The vote being cast as follows towit:-
Commissioner Stewart. NO. Commissioners Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye. Von Tobel, aye, and his
Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

This being the time for the reading of the New Saloon license for the second reading coming



on before the Board and after the reading of the same and due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon 

motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that said ordinance be and the
same is hereby passed by this Board as appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one of said
City under ordinance No. 33: the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor peter Buol voting aye.

At this time An ordinance Granting to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, its successors and
assigns, a franchise to construct, Operate and Maintain Transmission Lines for Electric Light
and power purposes and for Telephone and Telegraph purposes in portions of the City of Las Vegas
was read before the Board for the first time. and after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was ordered that this ordinance be laid over until the next regular meeting for the
second reading.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried

Office of the City Clerk,Las Vegas, Nevada.

September 11th, A.D. 1912.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment, present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and Commissioners, Stewart
Coughlin, Mc Govern, Von Tobel,

All freight Bill and claims against the sewer were paid by the City as appears from
the records now file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time C.P. Squires representing a committee of Citizens of the City of Las Vegas
appeared before the Board regarding the lighting of streets in said City. and requested that
that Board appoint a committee to conver with the Light Company of said City relating to the
lighting of streets and public highways in said City, after due consideration upon that part
of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel that this matter be referred
to the Commissioner Coughlin as this matter comes under his department with instructions bo
confer with said Consolidated Telephone and Light Company regarding the cost and maintenance
of said system of lighting said City and report the same to the next meeting of the Board for
there consideration.

At this time the Mayor requested that some member of the Board make a motion directing

ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday 11th, at ten o'clock P.M.