ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-27

Resolution Authorizing
Call for Construction Bids

UPRR PARKING LOT
AGREEMENT

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

Engineering Contract

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-
ments in Assessment District No. 100-27 be opened May 3, 1954:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 603, passed, adopted, and approved this 12th day of April, 1954;
and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings here-
tofore taken to construct said improvements by special assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 12th day of April, 1954,
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is here-
by directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids
for furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service for improvements
of certain streets and parts of streets in Special Assessment District No.

100-27 as created by Emergency Ordinance No. 603 of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt
of bids for said construction by publication once a week for three successive
weeks, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
construction will be received until 7:55 P.M. on Monday, the 3rd day of May,

1954, and said bids will be opened at 8:00 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 12th day of April, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The agreement with the Union Pacific Railroad Company for the leasing of their
parking lot area was presented to the Board for consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Manager George Rounthwaite discussed the request of Silas Mason Company,
engineers for Assessment District No. 100-25, for alteration to their contract.

Mr. Rounthwaite explained that the present contract calls for payments to be
made as follows:

1)	1% of estimated construction cost upon submission of plans
and specifications.

2)	4% of actual construction bid upon award of contract.

3)	2% upon completion of contract and final acceptance.

It was the request of Silas Mason Company that 2½% be paid at each stage.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be authorized to revise
the contract of Silas Mason Company and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.