Bids for radio tubes for the police department were opened from the following firms.
Bernstein, Appleby Radio Supply Co. Radio Television Company, Nevada Electric and Luce
and Goodfellow.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Bid of the Radio Television Company in the sum of

$82.92, being the lowest bid, be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from the following companies on a motor grader were opened at this time.

Clark County Wholesale Company, C. D. Roeder and James Cashman.

Commissioner Smith moved that due to emergency that Commissioner Rubidoux be authorized
to purchase necessary parts to make repairs on the grader now in use by the street depart-
ment at a cost of approximately $100. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye, Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid of the Clark County Wholesale Company in the
sum of $6,711.00, for a motor grader be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from the following contractors for the remodeling of the War Memorial Building were
opened at this time: Hampton Brothers. Chris Rasmussen and Engineers, Ltd.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of Hampton Brothers in the sum of $17,737.00
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Robert Hampton, one of the brothers of the firm awarded said bid, stated that there
would be no additional charge for changing the heaters from fan type to radiant type.

Commissioner Smith moved that warrants 597 to 601 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor
and City Clerk be empowered to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the following applications for slot machine licenses be

granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Richfield Service	Station	5th	& Clark	1

LaMar Foremaster	816	Fremont	1

Verna Williams	125	S. 5th	1

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of R. S. Roschl for license for slot

machines at 221 N. 1st Street and 329 N. 5th be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bill to the Toggery for caps for the boys acting as
junior patrolmen be allowed, but same to be held up pending negotiations for an adjustment.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that sufficient money be transferred from the pound fund to the
police department fund to take care of salaries for additional policemen on the school
patrol. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.