This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the applica-
tion for the rezoning from R-4 to C-1 of Lots 11 to 16; Block 28 and Lots 17 to 22,
Block 21 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; the matter was considered by the Board.

This application was approved by the Planning Commission to extend boundaries of
C-1 District on South 3rd Street to coincide with the north line of Lewis Avenue
and thereby achieve greater stability. A public hearing was held by the Board of
Commissioners August 17, 1955 and continued until this time.

His Honor said that there were no written protests against this rezoning.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application for the rezoning from R-4 to C-1
of Lots 11 to 16, Block 28 and Lots 17 to 22, Block 21 of Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the applica-
tion of Dan Plunkett, E. Barrick, Rex A. Jarrett and Sam Ziegman for rezoning from
R-1 to C-1 of the South 660 feet of the SW¼ SW¼ of Section 4, T21S, R61E, MDB&M,
the matter was considered by the Board. This application was approved by the Planning
Commission to be zoned C-C. Plot Plan was approved at a special meeting of the
Planning Commission on September 2, 1955, with the stipulation that all street and
off-site improvements on San Francisco and Rancho Road be installed by the developer.

A public hearing was held by the Board of Commissioners on August 17, 1955 and con-
tinued until this time.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

He stated that this property was on the northeast comer of Rancho Road and San
Francisco in Glen Heather Subdivision. It was the recommendation of the Planning
Commission that the building plan set back on the northern edge of the development
be increased from 25 to 30 feet.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Dan Plunkett, E. Barrick, Rex
A. Jarrett and Sam Ziegman for rezoning of the south 660 feet of the SW¼ SW¼ of
Section 4, T21S, R61E, MDB&M be approved and zoned from R-1 to C-C to be developed
in accordance with the plot plans as amended and approved by the Planning Commission
and the maintenance of the construction schedule submitted and on file in the
Planning Commission office calling for starting of construction by December 1, 1956
and completion of construction by November 30, 1957; the approval is also contingent
upon the installation of all off-site improvements on both San Francisco Avenue and
Rancho Road as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the application
of Bernice C. Morris; Gloria B. and George L. Abrums, Jeanne and Robert P. O'Donnell
and Ruth Blake for rezoning from R-2 to R-4 of Lots 1 to 6, Block 1, Charleston
Square #4 and Lot 1, Block 1, Charleston Square #2, the matter was considered by the
Board. This rezoning was approved by the Planning Commission providing off-site
improvements are installed. A public hearing was held by the Board of Commissioners
on August 17, 1955, and continued until this time.

His Honor stated that this property was on the south side of Charleston east of

15th Street. He asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application for rezoning from R-2 to R-4 of Lots
1 to 6, Block 1, Charleston Square #4 and Lot 1, Block 1, Charleston Square #2 be
approved subject to the signing of an agreement to install off-site improvements
according to City specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the application
of E. L. Josephson and V. D. Eachus for rezoning from R-3 and R-4 to R-3-T of a portion
of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 21, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, the matter was considered by
the Board. This rezoning was approved by the Planning Commission subject to dedica-
tion of streets in accordance with the Master Plan of Streets and Highways. A public
hearing was held by the Board of Commissioners August 17, 1955, and continued until
this time; a great number of property owners from Vegas Heights area appeared and pro-
tested this rezoning. Two written objections; from D. H. Hand and John Clark; have
been filed since the hearing.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the public hearing on the application of E. L. Josephson
and V. D. Eachus for rezoning from R-3 and R-4 to R-3-T of a portion of the SE¼ of the
SE¼ of Section 21; T20S; R61E; MDB&M be continued until the next meeting of the
Board of Commissioners; September 21, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the application of Bert O'Donnell to
store and sell chemicals on property situated at 123 W. Colorado, between "A" Street
and the U.P.R.R. in an M-2 zone; the matter was considered by the Board. This applica-
tion was approved by the Board of Adjustment and recommendations were made by the Police
and Fire Departments that this use be allowed.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were voiced.

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite

Z-22-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Plunkett; Barrick;
Jarrett & Ziegman
Z-13-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
Morris; Abrums,
O'Donnell & Blake

Z-19-55



PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

E.L. Josephson and
V. D. Eachus

Z-20-55



PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Bert O'Donnell

U-28-55



9-7-55