And it appearing from the affidavit of Frank Holden, filed with the Clerk of this Board,
that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which is attached to said affidavit,
was posted on the 3rd day of August, 1956, in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the recommend-
ation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in support
of and there being no opposition to said Petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple and Commissioners Fountain
and Sharp, constituting all members of said Board present at this meeting, and all members
present voting in favor of said vacation, that the strip of land proposed to be vacated is
no longer required for the public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the
benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially
injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portion of PARK CIRCLE, as shown by map of Westwood
Park Tract No. 2, (Resubdivision) on file in Book 3 of Plats, Page 71, in the Office of
the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and being more particularly described as follows,
to-wit:

Commencing at the southwest corner of Westwood Park No. 2 (Resubdivision) as shown
on plat thereof in Book 3 of Flats, Page 71; and Document No. 45933 in Book 54 of
Official Records in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada; thence
North 34°28'54" East a distance of 293.96 feet to a point on the east line of Lot 1,
Block 2 of said subdivision, the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING; thence from a tangent whose
bearing is South 2°5l' West along a curve turning to the left, having a radius of
80 feet, subtending a central angle of 92°28', an arc length of 129.11 feet to a
point on the North line of Lot 4 Block 2 of the aforementioned subdivision; thence
North 89°37' West along the said North line of Lot 4; a distance of 32.11 feet to
a point; thence tangent from the last described course along a curve turning to the
left, having a radius of 20 feet, subtending a central angle of 77°19', an arc
length of 26.99 feet to a point of reverse curve turning to the right, having a
radius of 40 feet, subtending a central angle of 247°06' an arc length of 172.51
feet to a point of reverse curve turning to the left having a radius of 20 feet,
subtending a central angle of 77°19' an arc length of 26.99 feet to a point on the
East line of Lot 2 Block 2 of said subdivision; thence North 2°5l' East along the
East line of said Lot 2 and its northerly prolongation a distance of 32.11 feet to
the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for a public hearing on the appeal of the denial of the
application of Mr. E. W. Van Buskirk to vary the from yard requirements on Lots 2-6, 10,

13, 14; Block 28; Lots 4, 7; 8, 9-14; 65-70; 73-78, Block 27; and Lots 41 and 42, Block
26, Charleston Heights #4 in an R-1 zone, Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone
present to discuss this matter.

Mr. Kell Houssels representing Mr. E. W. Van Buskirk requested that this public hearing
be postponed until September 19, 1956 as it was believed the conflicts in variance could
be ironed out peaceably with the F.H.A. and Building Department by that time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing he deferred until the next regular meeting
on September 19, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Harry Claiborne, representing Messrs Albert and David Mengarelli of the Log
Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street appeared. Mr. Claiborne advised the Commission that
Manuel Champo, owner of the building, was willing and able to bring the condemned build-
ing up to Code. He further stated that they felt that the Mengarelli's had been penalized
enough by loss of business since the tavern license was suspended on April 18, 1956, and
requested that his clients be permitted to reopen their business.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be continued until the next meeting when there will
be a full Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of Harley E. Harmon for a variance to waive the
side yard requirements to permit construction of a professional office building on Maryland
Parkway and Lewis Street, Lots 13 through 16, Pioneer Heights Addition, in an R-4 zone.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application subject to the applicant entering into an
agreement for the installation of off-site improvements and filing of a bond. The
Commission was advised that the agreement and bond have been received by the City.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 5th day of September, 1956, having considered the application of Harley
E. Harmon for variance to waive the side yard requirements to permit the construction of
a professional office building on Maryland Parkway and Lewis Street, Lots 13 through 16,

Pioneer Heights Addition, in an R-4 Zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the applicant signing an agreement for off-site improvements installation
and posting a bond, and being advised these conditions had been complied with;

PUBLIC HEARING
VARIANCE APPEAL
V-ll-56

LOG CABIN BAR

VARIANCE V-10-56
Harley E. Harmon