BID OPENING NO. 59.15              This being the time heretofore set for the bid opening of Bid No. 59.15 for construction of
Street Lighting; Main                   Street Lighting System on North Main Street from Bonanza to Owens, Assessment District 100-43,
Bonanza to Owens	the following bids were received:

(Assessment District

100-43)	Utilities Service Co., 331 Kansas St., Henderson	$19,290.95

Nevada Electric Co., Inc., 317 Wall St., Las Vegas	18,616.73

Referred to Public	Acme Electric, L.L. Ousley, 308 Wall St. Las Vegas	17,819.20

Works	Shock Electric, 2125 Industrial Road, Las Vegas	24,127.79

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that the Engineer's estimate for this work was $17,845.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director of
Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 59.18	This being the time heretofore set for the bid opening of Bid No. 59.18 for the construction of

Moving and Footings for            concrete footings and floor slab at 210 West Bonanza Road for the Salvation Army Shelter and move
Salvation Army Shelter              Day Nursery Building from 1114 Mesquite Avenue to new location (this bid opening originally set

for April 15, 1959, at which time no bids were received) the following bid was received:

Referred to Public Works

Vegas Trucking & Moving Co., 2851 Cedar, Las Vegas	$ 5,000.00

This bid included cutting, costs of wire clearance while moving and setting on foundation.

	State permits for moving on State Highway would be furnished if granted by the State. Bidder

could not guarantee granting of said permit by the State. This bid did not include the floor
slab.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and Director of
Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID OPENING NO. 99.19           This being the time heretofore set for the bid opening of Bid No. 59.19 for City Hall Entrance
City Hall Entrance                    Lighting, the following bids were received:

Lighting

Shock Electric, 2125 Industrial Road, Las Vegas	$ 1,617.38

Referred to Public Works                       Acme Electric, L. L. Ousely, 308 Wall St., Las Vegas 1,415.00

Commissioner Fountain moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 PUBLIC HEARING	This was the time heretofore set for public hearing on the vacation of a portion of Bonanza

Vacation of Portion of Way        as a result of petition of J. J. McMahon et al for the vacation of a portion of Bonanza Way
Bonanza Way	in Biltmore #3 (an existing half-street located between Encanto Drive on the West and the Ninth

	Street School property on the East).

Held in Abeyance

Director of Planning Bills stated that in consideration of the Rezoning (Z-1a-59) for the Elks
Lodge aforementioned in these minutes, there will be a need for a small portion of this 30' of
Bonanza Way for the alley and would request that this matter be held in abeyance.

His Honor Mayor Baker asked Mr. McMahon who was present in the audience if this would be agree-
able with him and he stated that it was.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Public Hearing for a Vacation of a Portion of Bonanza Way be
held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

URBAN RENEWAL	The Commission considered the adoption of a resolution designating the area of the Madison

Resolutions (2)	School Redevelopment Project and making certain findings and determinations regarding the legal

eligibility of the project area.

Adopted

Director of Planning Bills stated that this resolution had been checked by the City Attorney
and reviewed by the Regional Office and found to be in order. City Attorney Cory advised the
Board that this resolution does not in effect establish the boundaries as such but does 
	establish the legal eligibility of the area nor does it commit the City to proceed with the project.

This resolution summarizes the findings contained in the Eligibility and Relocation Report that
has just been completed by the Urban Renewal Division of the Planning Department and is a 
requirement of the Housing and Home Finance Agency that the Board of City Commissioners pass a 
resolution determining that the project is legally eligible under Federal, State, and Local Law.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

	RESOLUTION DESIGNATING THE AREA OF THE MADISON

SCHOOL REDEVELOPMENT PROJECT AND MAKING CERTAIN
	FINDINGS AND DETERMINATIONS REGARDING THE LEGAL

ELIGIBILITY OF THE PROJECT AREA

WHEREAS, under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended and supplemented, the
United States of America, extended to the City of Las Vegas (hereinafter called the "Local
Public Agency") an offer to make an advance of federal funds which has been accepted by the
Local Public Agency to aid in financing certain surveys and plans for an Urban Renewal Project
designated Project No. Nev. R-6, in the following urban renewal area:

That certain area in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, known
as Madison School Project and described as follows:

5-6-59