place of beginning excepting and excluding therefrom 667 acres in conflict with Buck's addition
and comprising a net area of 31.510 acres exclusive of said conflict; being the same land as is
described in the deed from Las Vegas Land & Water Co., a corporation to the County of Clark, in
the State of Nevada and the city of Las Vegas a municipal corporation in said County of Clark,

State of Nevada as tenants in common and which deed is recorded in Book 8 of deeds, pages 408,

409 and 410 Clark County, Nevada, Records, and which records are hereby referred to and made a
part hereof.

WHEREAS, said petition consists of several parts, each containing signatures and verification
as hereinafter mentioned, and each part has appended thereto the signature and places of residence
of electors of said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, each of said parts of said petition has appended thereto as a part thereof the
oath of one of the signers of each respective part that the statements therein made and the
signatures therein set forth are true to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person
make the respective oath, and

WHEREAS, this Board has, found, and hereby finds and determines from the foregoing that the
said petition, as a whole and in its said several parts, is in proper from and is verified as
required by law and further that the said petition in the aggregate contains the signatures of
Seven hundred seventy four persons, who were at the time of the making of such signatures, and
now are, electors of the said City of Las Vegas in a number in excess of fifty-one per cent of
the number of votes cast in such City for representative in Congress at the last preceding general
election, held November 2, 1926, and

WHEREAS, it appears to and is so found and determined by this Board that the land mentioned
and embraced in said petition, and hereinafter more particularly is described is now held in
trust for the public for the following public uses, towit: For use solely for agricultural fair
grounds, park, aviation field and automobile parking ground for the accomodation of the traveling
public and purposes incident thereto, by the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, both in the
State of Nevada, as tenants in common, under a donation and dedication thereof to such public
uses, made by that certain deed of conveyance, bearing date the 17th day of April, 1922, made by
Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, as grantor, and said County of Clerk and said City
of Las Vegas, as grantees, which said deed embraces and embraced the following described land,
to-wit:

Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28˚ 13' E. from the N E. Corner of Block 33, at its
intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown on map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and
running thence N. 61˚ 47'W. 1050 ft; thence N. 28˚13' E. 960 ft; thence N. 54˚ 47' E. 447.2
ft; thence S. 61 47' E. 860 ft; thence S. 28˚ 13' W. 1360 ft., to the place of beginning,
excepting therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's Addition and comprising a net area of
31, 510 acres, exclusive of said conflict, and

WHEREAS , said deed by its terms provides for the recersion of said land to the said donor
Las Vegas Land & Water Company upon the failure of the said grantees, to comply with the
conditions thereof, as set forth in said deed, which is of record in Book 8 of Deeds, rages
408,409,410 and 410 A, Clark County, Nevada Records, which said record is hereby specifically
referred to and made a part hereof, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that said Las Vegas Land & Water Company is about to
enter an agreement with one A. L. Richmond of Los Angeles, California to convey to said A. L.
Richmond approximately ninety acres of land in said City of Las Vegas, including said 31.510
acres hereinafter referred to as "Public Park", upon the requirements of a proposed agreement
a copy of which has been submitted to this Board, wherein, among other things, the said A. L.
Richmond is required, on or before six months from the date of the execution and delivery of
the deed and abstract, provided for in said proposed agreement, to commence and thereafter
diligently pursue the construction of a first class modern tourist hotel on said premises, so
proposed to be conveyed by said Las Vegas land and Water Company, the same to contain not lees
than one hundred fifty (150) rooms and to cost and to be reasonable worth not less than Two
Hundred Fifty Thousand ($250,000.00) Dollars, together with suitable adjucts such as garages,
roadways, drives, walks, lawns, gardens, tennis courts, swimming pool, a nine hole golf course
and other play grounds in and upon said premises, so proposed to be conveyed to said A. L.