123

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Cragin.

DRIVE IN LIQUOR	At this time, Mr. Fred Kennedy appeared before the Board requesting per-

SERVICE	mission to have a drive-in liquor service at his place of business at

	203 Bridger, whereby he could have a window where purchasers could obtain

liquor in the package without getting out of their car. His request was
granted.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that service and material warrants-Nos. 1264

WARRANTS	to 1266 ihcl., in the sum of $14,414.48 be approved and the Mayor and

	City Clerk be authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

TRAFFIC LIGHTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that traffic lights be installed at Bridger

SO. FIFTH STREET	and Fifth Streets and at Clark and Fifth Streets, if the money is available.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark
voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

CHANGE ORDER #13	Commissioner Moore moved that change order #13 to N. P. Van Valkenburgh

LAS VEGAS BATHHOUSE	Company on the bathhouses for the main panel 100 amp. switch shall be

changed to a 200 amp. switch. The 60 amp. disconnect shall be changed to
a 100 amp. The magnetic starting switch for 20 H.P. motor shall be
provided and installed. Increase the sizes of the service wire, pipe
and head as well as gutter to accommodate new size of service. Labor
and material extra to be in the sum of $266.78. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be instructed to invite

the Government Engineer together with Mr. Ralph O'Neill to make a survey
	of the present disposal plant, and to make a report to the Board of their

findings. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Pro Tem

Clark voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

CITY MANAGER	Commissioner Moore moved that J. M. Murphy be appointed City Manager of

APPOINTMENT	the City of Las Vegas effective as	of October 1, 1947. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Dave Stearns to transfer

TRANSFER -	his Race Horse gaming license #33199 from 104 Fremont Street to 109 Fremont

Dave Stearns	Street be denied. Motion seconded	by Commissioner Moore and carried by

	the following vote:	Commissioners	Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Baskin moved that the request of George E. Duncan for transfer

Transfer ROUND-UP	of his gaming license at the Round-Up Club, 501 Jackson Street to Sam

CLUB - 501 Jackson	Stearns be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by

 Street	the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

VETERANS OF FOREIGN Commissioner Moore moved that the request of the Veterans of Foreign Wars
WARS - Carnival permit to sponsor Siebrands Combined Show & Carnival for the period of September

13-23rd, 1947 at Main & Fifth Street on property owned by Mr. Otto Underhill
	north of the Round-Up Drive Inn be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

MAIN STREET WIDENING Commissioner Whipple moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
RE: AGREEMENT "N" L.D. to execute the supplemental agreement #"N" L.D. 1909 between the City of
1909 	Las Vegas, and Union Pacific Railroad Company relative to the widening of

Main Street. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

RESOLUTION #102	On motion of Commissioner Whipple and duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin

RECREATION BOARD	and carried unanimously the following Resolution was adopted:

	RESOLUTION NO. 102

WHEREAS, the efficient administration of the Municipal program
for recreational activities in the City of Las Vegas would be served
by the active interest of a qualified group of representative citizens
in such program.

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved, that for the purpose of advising
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and assisting them in
the administration of its municipal program for recreational activities
in the City of Las Vegas, a Board be and the same is hereby created to
be known as the "Las Vegas Recreational Board", which shall consist of
15 members, each of whom shall be a duly qualified elector of the City
of Las Vegas, and be appointed by the Board of Commissioners, to serve
without compensation for a term of 3 years, or until his successor takes
office, commencing on the 1st day of September, 1947; the first Board,
however, to be appointed and serve without compensation as follows: to-
wit:	Five (5) members shall be appointed for a term of three years,

five members for a term of two years and five members for a period of one
year; that the members of said Board may, at any time, be removed from