consisting of donations of cash, land, demolition or removal work, and the 
installation, construction or reconstruction of streets, utilities, parks, playgrounds 
or other improvements or the provision of other public buildings or
facilities, necessary for carrying out in the Urban Renewal Area the urban renewal
objectives of said Title I in accordance with the urban renewal plan, can and will
be provided in an amount which will not be less than one-third of the net project
cost and which, together with the Federal capital grant, will be generally equal to
the difference between gross project costs and the proceeds or value of project
land sold, leased or retained for use in accordance with the urban renewal plan.

Section 4. That the filing of an application by the City of Las Vegas for an advance 
of funds from the United States of America in an amount not to exceed
$99,720.00 for surveys and plans for an urban renewal project in the urban renewal
area described above is hereby approved, and that the Mayor is hereby authorized
  and directed to execute and file such Application with the Housing and Home Finance
Administrator, and to provide such additional information and to furnish such 
documents as may be required by said Administrator, and to act as the authorized 
representative of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution entitled: "A resolution 
determining that the City of Las Vegas shall exercise Urban Renewal Project powers as
defined by Chapter 335; the Statutes of Nevada, 1957; Designating the Planning
Commission as the principal advisory agency to the Board of City Commissioners
with respect to the exercise of such powers; and designating the Director of 
Planning as Coordinator of Urban Renewal, and providing for other matters properly 
related thereto," be adopted:

RESOLUTION
April 2, 1958

A RESOLUTION DETERMINING THAT THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS SHALL EXERCISE URBAN RENEWAL
PROJECT POWERS AS DEFINED BY CHAPTER 335, THE STATUTES OF NEVADA, 1957; DESIGNATING 
THE PLANNING COMMISSION AS THE PRINCIPAL ADVISORY AGENCY TO THE BOARD OF CITY
COMMISSIONERS WITH RESPECT TO THE EXERCISE OF SUCH POWERS; AND DESIGNATING THE
DIRECTOR OF PLANNING AS COORDINATOR OF URBAN RENEWAL, AND PROVIDING FOR OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

WHEREAS, under the provisions of Section 37 of Chapter 335; Statutes of
Nevada, 1957; commonly known as the Urban Renewal Law, a municipality may itself
exercise urban renewal project powers, as set forth in Subsection 2, through a
board or commission or through such officers of the municipality as the local
governing body may by resolution determine; and

WHEREAS, it is the finding of the Board of City Commissioners that in
an expanding city like Las Vegas a continuing program of urban renewal is properly
an integral part of a larger program of current and long range planning for the
future of the community; and

WHEREAS, inasmuch as Nevada State Statutes designate the City Planning
Commission as the agency responsible for the preparation and adoption of a 
comprehensive general plan for the physical development of the City which may include such
elements as conservation, land use, recreation, streets and highways, transportation
and transit, public services and facilities, public buildings, housing, and economics;
it is here determined by the Board of City Commissioners that the designation of any
other agency as the repository for urban renewal project powers as defined by Chapter
335; Statutes of Nevada, 1957; would result in conflicting and/or duplicating jurisdictions;

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas as follows:

(1)	That the City of Las Vegas hereby elects to exercise its urban renewal
project powers as defined in Section 37; Subsection 2, Chapter 335; of the Statutes
of Nevada, 1957.

(2)	That the City Planning Commission is hereby designated as the principal
advisory agency to the Board of City Commissioners in the planning and implementing
of these urban renewal project powers, assisted by such advisory committees as the
Board of City Commissioners may from time to time constitute and establish.

(3)	That the Director of Planning is hereby designated as Coordinator of
Urban Renewal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

REZONING - Z-l-58	The Commission considered the application of Gene Lochridge for rezoning of Lot

Gene Lochridge	20, Block 1, Van Patten Tract No. 1 from R-2 to. R-4.

V

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that this application had been approved
 by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and the application of Gene Lochridge for the rezoning of Lot 20, Block 1 Van
Pattern Tract No. 1 from R-2 to R-4 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

4-2-58