On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write the State office in Reno asling for detailed reports of all W.P.A. pro-
jects sponsored by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved add carried
that the City purchase land from E.A. Clark and J. Warren Woodard to be used as a gravel pit
for the City, subject to title insurance firnished by the Pioneer Title Insurance Co. of Las
Vegas, upon terms heretofore agreed upon.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble end His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Minutes of all meetings from January 23rd 1937 to February 15th 1937 read and approved as

read.

No further business apnearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 22nd day of March 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 22nd, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 22nd day of March, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and
Marble, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

At this time the Board discussed informally the budget for the year 1937., and they had
been informed that the budget adopted on the 1st day of March, 1937 would have to be amended
as the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County would not be able to allow the City the
rate ask for.

No definite action was taken at this time and the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Wednesday the 31st day of March, 1937 at the hour of two thirty o'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

T0-- VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be
held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Saturday the 27th day of
March, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following
business:

1. To consider the purchase of ground to be used as an addition to Woodlawn Cemetery.

2. To consider contracts for the purchase of ground to be used as a gravel plant for the City
of Las Vegas.

Dated this 27th, day of March, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, H. Krause
H.P. Marble, and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas will be held in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's office on Sat-
urday the 27th day of March, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the
following business:

1.	To consider the purchase of ground to be used as and addition to Woodlawn Cemetery.

2.	To Consider contracts for the purchase of ground to be used as a gravel plant for the
City of Las Vegas.

YOU WILL GOVERN YOURSELVES ACCORDINGLY.

Dated this 27th day of March, 1937.	Viola Burns,

City Clerk.