COMMENDATION	Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution of commendation for Chief of

CHIEF OF POLICE	Police, Ray Sheffer for his efforts over and beyond the call of duty in connection

RAY SHEFFER	with the formation of the Youth Forestry Camp be adopted and order made; same to

become a permanent part of his permanent record:

Resolution

Adopted	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Chief of Police, RAY K. SHEFFER, has been active in the formulation
and planning of a Youth Forestry Camp; and

WHEREAS, Chief Sheffer as early as 1956 met with the Youth Committee of the
Chamber of Commerce and discussed with them the successful operation of this type
of camp in other states and the location of existing facilities in the State of
Nevada; and

WHEREAS, he gave unstintingly of his time and energies, beyond the call of duty,
to assure a program which would be beneficial for wayward boys under 21 by further
putting forth his ideas to Southern Nevada Law Enforcement Agencies thereby 
stimulating interest in their respective communities and gaining wholehearted support
from the newspaper media; and

WHEREAS, Chief Sheffer had the foresight to seek in the mountain areas about
Clark County the ideal geographical location for such Youth Forestry Camp finally
finding such place in the Old Roberts Ranch Property in Spring Mountain Range; and
WHEREAS, his service on behalf of the City, County and Chamber of Commerce, as
well as all the people of Clark County, in creating a Youth Forestry Camp is worthy
of public recognition,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 16th day of September, 1959,
that said Board hereby extends to Chief of Police RAY K. SHEFFER its most hearty
congratulations and expresses to him its gratitude and that of the people of
Las Vegas for his dedicated and devoted efforts on behalf of the installation of a
Youth Forestry Camp in the area of Las Vegas, Nevada, and the plans for guidance,
supervision and job placement of youths processed through said camp.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Resolution be spread upon the minutes of this
Board; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a duly certified copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted forthwith to RAY K. SHEFFER, Chief of Police of the Las Vegas Police Department.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson__________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none, Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

PAY & 	Acting City Manager Heath requested approval of amendment to the Pay & Classification

CLASSIFICATION PLAN	Plan adopted by the City Commission on July 2, 1958, establishing a	new classification

AMENDMENT	entitled "Secretary to the	City Manager"; this classification to be	placed on

Schedule 27.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved an amendment to the Pay & Classification Plan adopted by
the City Commission on July 2, 1958, establishing a new Classification entitled
"Secretary to the City Manager"; this classification to be placed on Schedule 27,
be approved.

Notion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

COMMENDATION	Commissioner Whipple moved	the following resolution of commendation	to Howard W.

U. S. SENATOR	Cannon, U. S. Senator, for	his efforts in connection with the Flood	Control Project

HOWARD W. CANNON	be adopted and order made:

Resolution	RESOLUTION OF COMMENDATION

Adopted

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has been vitally interested in a Flood Control
Project which would divert and control flood waters so that the City residents would
be protected from the ravages of uncontrolled waters; and

WHEREAS, the Honorable Howard W. Cannon, United States Senator for the great
State of Nevada, has taken particular interest in said project; and

WHEREAS, the said Senator Cannon has been instrumental in securing funds for a
preliminary survey of the Flood Control Project, which preliminary survey is soon to
commence by the Corp. of Army Engineers; and

WHEREAS, the Honorable Senator Howard W. Cannon was for many years the City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas and has a vital interest and concern in the welfare
of the residents of this City and its progress and growth; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners wishes to commend him for his public
interest, concern and endeavors in the Flood Control Project;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting held on the 16th day of September, 1959, that the
Honorable Howard W. Cannon, United States Senator for the great State of Nevada be
and he is hereby commended, and this Board expresses its gratitude, appreciation
and good wishes for the loyal and devoted service in his capacity of United States
Senator for the efforts, accomplishments and success in the Flood Control Project in
and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
advises the Honorable Senator that full cooperation will at all times be extended in

9-16-59