Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. James Cashman, Jr. appeared before the Board to request that the City consider
payment of $2300.00 for the expense of network telecast to the East Coast for one
hour of the Helldorado Beauty Parade. He advised the Commission that the Parade
Committee have already made arrangements for the Parade to be telecast to the West
coast and have received word just yesterday that arrangements can be made for the
East Coast one-hour telecast at a cost of $2300.00. It was pointed out that there
would be no commercials on this program but that the advertising on behalf of the
community would obviously be very worthwhile.

The Board of Commissioners expressed the opinion that they were in sympathy with the
request and thought it would be very beneficial for the community, if the funds are
available and can legally be spent for this purpose.

Mr. Cashman also stated that if there is a budget problem, arrangements can be made
to make the payment after the first of July.

The Commission took this request under advisement to be checked by the City Attorney
and the City Manager as to the legality of the expenditure and availability of funds.

At this time the Commission considered the tentative plan for Street Pattern for the
S½ of the SE¼ and the S½ of the SW¼ of Section 36, T20S, R60E, MDBS&M. Planning
Director Franklin Bills advised the Board that this area is north Charleston Boulevard,
south of Charleston Heights subdivision and west of Hyde Park subdivision.

Mr. Bills explained that this area is building up and there is a definite need for a
layout of streets, so that rights-of-way can be acquired. The Planning Director further
explained that the Planning Commission had held a public hearing and notified approxi-
mately 60 property owners, 25 of whom appeared at the hearing and indicated they were
satisfied with this proposed street pattern. Mr. Bills advised the Board there was
only one letter of protest, but this had been withdrawn when the property owner saw
the proposed plan.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Tentative General Street Pattern for the Sg of
the SE¼ and the S½ of the SW¼ of Section 36-20-60, be approved as recommended by
the Hanning Commission and that a copy of the Tentative Street Han as approved be
submitted to the Bureau of Land Management together with notification of the action
of the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Nephi Lee for a Use Permit to establish
and use the garage of his home at 801 South 6th Street (Lots 1 and 2, Block 31, South
Addition) in an R-4 zone for storage, selling and redistribution of Dehydrated Foods.

Hanning Director Franklin Bills advised the Commission that this application had
been denied by the Board of Zoning Adjustment due to the fact that the buying and
selling of goods is not included in those uses permitted by a Use Permit as set forth
in the Zoning Ordinance; and further that the granting of this Use Permit would have
the same effect as a reclassification from R-4 to C-1.

Discussion was held concerning the hardship involved in this particular application.

The Commission was advised that Mr. Lee has to augment his income and is required to
do so at his home since he has an invalid mother.

Miss Emily Lee appeared before the Commission and urged the approval of this appli-
cation. Miss Lee stated that if needed she could secure a petition signed by adjacent
property owners indicating they were in favor of this application for a Use Permit.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Nephi Lee for a Use Permit
to use the garage of his home at 801 South 6th Street (Lots 1 and 2, Block 31, South
Addition) for storage, selling and redistribution of Dehydrated Foods be approved,
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 1st day of May, 1957; having considered the application
of Nephi Lee for Use Permit to establish and use the garage of his home at 801 South
6th Street (Lots 1 and 2, Block 31; South Addition) in an R-4 zone for storage,
selling and redistribution of Dehydrated Foods; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application due to the fact that buying and selling of goods is not included in those
uses permitted by Use Permit as set forth in Zoning Ordinance; further that granting
of this Use Permit would have same effect as reclassification from R-4 to C-1;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Nephi Lee
for Use Permit to use the garage at 801 South 6th Street for storage, selling and
redistribution of Dehydrated Foods be approved subject to the following conditions:

a - Use Permit limited to the applicant Nephi Lee only.
b - Only for storage, sale and redistribution of Dehydrated Foods
c - No advertising signs to be displayed on the premises.
d - Applicant post a bond in the amount of $733.30.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of the Citizens Building Corporation
for a Use Permit to allow the remodeling, maintenance and operation of administrative
office building and laboratories by the Atomic Energy Commission, an agency of the
United States Government at 900 West Bonanza.

The Commission was advised that the Board of Adjustment recommended denial of this
application on the grounds that they have no authority to recommend approval since
the applicant has no right, title, or tenancy interest in the property.

HELLDORADO -
Beauty Parade
Telecast

STREET PATTERN
Sec. 36-20-60
North Charleston
Blvd.,south of
Charleston Hghts

USE PERMIT - U-3-57
Nephi Lee
Approved

USE PERMIT - U-7-57

Citizens Building

Corporation

Denied

