EXTENSION OF 21ST ST.
Proposal

GAMING APPLICATIONS
4th Quarter, 1954

California Club

Nevada Club

The Horseshoe Club

CLAIM-PERSONAL INJURY
Mr. Ludwig Safar

PAUL I. CIVARICH
Request for Reduction
of Solicitor's License

CHARLES J. KETCHAM
Use Permit-
Request for Extension
of time

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Planning Amendment
(Use Permits)

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Vagrancy

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Subdivision

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Gaming Amendment

At this time the Right of Way Agent presented the proposal of Harrison Stocks to
extend 21st Street to Fremont. Mr. Stocks wished to trade this right of way for a
portion of property owned by the City on the Los Angeles Highway.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the proposal of Mr. Stocks be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved approval of the gaming application of California Club, George
Arquilla, 101-105 Fremont, for addition of 1 Crap.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved approval of the following gaming applications for additions,

4th quarter, 1954:

NEVADA CLUB	A. F. Schellang et al	113 Fremont St.	1 Slot

THE HORSESHOE CLUB	Eldorado Club Inc.	116 N. 2nd St.	3 Slots

(Nevada Room)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the claim of Mr. Ludwig Safar for personal injuries
allegedly sustained as he and a companion were walking south on the sidewalk on the west
side of 2nd Street when Mr. Safar stepped into a hole, causing him to fall and injure his
right foot and ankle. This injury is alleged to have occurred on or about September 16,
1954 at 10:45 P.M.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon recommended this claim be denied.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Mr. Ludwig Safar for personal injuries
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Mr. Paul I. Civarich for reduction of the solicitor's license was presented
to the Board at this time. This applicant sells eggs from door to door.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Paul I. Civarich for reduction of the solicitor's
license be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the request of Charles J. Ketcham for extension of time on the Use Permit for
a Shopping Center on Bonanza Road was considered. Mr. George Patterson was present and
stated it would take 90 days for the plans to be drawn and approximately 90 days to let
the bid.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved an extension of time of six months be allowed Charles
J. Ketcham on the Use Permit for a Shopping Center on Bonanza Road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp said the firm of Zick and Sharp is doing part of the architectural work
and therefore he would refrain from voting.

Motion carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
(Use Permits) to the Planning ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Vagrancy
ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Whipple moved that report on the proposed Subdivision ordinance be held in
abeyance until December 20, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the proposed gaming amendment be removed from the agenda.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:40 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 9:00 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

12-15-54