OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK CO: NEVADA
JULY 19th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of July, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow,
Deputy City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Perry and Marble and City Attorney Austin.

Mr. Gallagher and Mr. Alward appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the herd
of cattle maintained on the Oppedyk Dairy on North Main Street. The Board was informed that
especially during the hot weather the odor from this herd was very obnoxious and requested the
Board to take action toward having the herd moved away from the main part of the City. These
gentlemen also protested against the insanitary condition of the corrals.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that the
Clerk be instructed to write Mr. Mildren, City Health Officer and ask that he make an inspect-
ion of the various dairies in the City of Las Vegas and report his findings to the Board at an
early date.

Vote aye Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to Frank C. Kernan, 303 No. Main Street.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Blackman appeared before the Board at this time with an offer from J.C. Crain, owner
of the Mermaid Pool making the following offer to the City:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas Recreation Department
City

Gentlemen:

I	hereby offer the Mermaid Pool to the Recreation Department of the City
of Las Vegas for

$1000.00 cash down payment add the balance of $1000.00 next year or
$1500.00 cash payment immediately.

J.C.Crain.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the City of Las Vegas accept the offer of Mr. Crain for the lease of the Mermaid Pool for
a period of five years, said pool to be used as a part of the Recreational Programme, and that
the Mayor and Clerk sign the agreement and/or contract when same had met with the approval of
the City Attorney or his deputy.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The business of making a change in the lights used at the ball park was considered at
this time and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved
and carried that the City spend approximately the sum of $200.00 in making a change over in
the lights used in the ball park opposite the grand stand.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 30th day of July, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, city Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to
be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office in the City of Las
Vegas, Monday the 26th day of July, 1937 at the hour of four o'clock P.M. on said day to con-
sider and act upon the following:

1.	To make final application to the PWA for final grant on Las Vegas 1937 Street Improvement
District No. 3, PWA Docket No. 1021-D.

2.	To signa agreement with J.C. Crain and Sam Shaw Jr. for lease upon Mermaid Swimming Pool
to be used as a municipal pool, and other matters relating thereto.

Dated this 26th day of July, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to H.H. Krause, H.P. Marble,

H.L. Perry and Joes S. Ronnow, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
will be held in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's office, Monday the 26th