To, Mayor Peter Buol. Mayor, Commissioners, Coughlin McGovern, Stewart, and Von Tobel, City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, City. You are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by
the Honorable Mayor of the City of Las Vegas therefore a special meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners will be held on the 13th, day of January, 1912. at the office of the City Clerk
in the City of Las Vegas, to consider and set upon the following business vlz:-

1. To consider and act on the matter of releasing Sutherlin & Co. from the bid heretofore
made, by said Company upon the sewerage bonds of the City of Las Vegas. 2., To consider and act
on the matter of offering for sale or selling the sewerage bonds, the issue of which has been
heretofore authorized. 3, To transact any and all business relating to the above mentioned
matters. Said meeting will be held at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. on said day, and you are
authorized and requested to be present.	Respectfully, Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Filed, January 12th, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon, the duly appointed and qualified and acting City Clerk in
for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I received the above notice from the
Mayor of said City on the 12th, day of January A.D. 1912. and that on said day I made out and
deposited in the Post office of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid and addressed to
Commissioners Coughlin, McGovern, Stewart, and Von Tobel, and the Mayor of said City, copies of
the said Notice of said special meeting, to be held on the 13th, day of January as appears above
in full on these minutes.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 13th, day of January A.D. 1912.

Filed January 12, 1912.	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Mayor Buol presented to the meeting the letter of Sutherlin & Co. of date the 3rd, day
of January, 1912. wherein and whereby the said Sutherlin & Co. gave notice that they would not
be further bound by the contract of purchase of Las Vegas sewer bonds under their bid accepted
on December 6th, 1911. and offered to purchase the bonds at par value. The Mayor also presented

to the meeting the letter of Sutherlin & Co. of date the 8 day of January 1912.

enclosing the Original of Financial statement furnished said Co. by the City of Las Vegas and
upon which the bid of the said Sutherlin & Co. is claimed to have been based, and upon the mistake
in which said Company bases its refusal to be bound by said contract of purchase. Upon motion
duly made, seconded and unanimously carried it was ordered that said letter be filed with the City
Clerk, the said original Statement to be returned to Sutherlin & Co. After due consideration
of the matter of the refusal of said Sutnerlin & Co. to carry out said contract of December 6,
1911. and after consideration of the offer of said Sutherlin & Co. to take said bonds at par value
the following resolution was duly adopted:	"Whereas, Sutherlin & Co. of Kansas City Mo. have

refused to purchase the Las Vegas Sewer Bonds heretofore authorized to be issued and sold, such
refusal being based upon the grounds set forth in their letters on file with this Board, and
Whereas, the said Sutherlin & Co. have made a tentative offer to purchase said bonds at par
value, and Whereas, it appears to this Board to be to the best interest of the City of Las Vegas
to release the said Sutherlin & Co. from its contract of purchase made on December 6, 1911.
provided a new contract can be consummated between the City of Las Vegas and said Sutherlin & Co.
for the purchase by said Sutherlin & Co. of said bonds upon the same terms and conditions as said
original contract, less the premium of Eight Hundred and Eighty five dollars therein provided,

Now Therefore, it is hereby ordered that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they hereby are authorized

 to immediately telegraph to the said Sutherlin & Co. on behalf of the Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas offering to sell said sewer bonds to said Company upon the same
terms and conditions as the original contract of December 6, 1911. less the premium of Eight

hundred and Eighty five dollars; the City to retain the check of said Sutherlin & Co. of $400.00
as a guarantee of good faith under the new contract. It is further ordered that upon the