Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that a slot machine license for the following machines
be issued to Fred Kennedy at 2nd & Bridger:

1 Jennings single handle 5¢ No. 148212	- 1 Mills, single handle 10¢ No. 365610

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A gaming license application signed by the Vegas Hotel, Inc., was referred to the Police
Department for recommendation.

An application from the Grand Canyon-Boulder Dam Tours, Inc., was presented requesting a
taxi stand at the south-east corner of Sixth and Fremont Streets. Said application was
tabled for investigation.



Bids on grass seed for the golf course from the following firms were opened at this time. Porter Walton Co., Salt
Lake City, Bartlett Bros. Hardware Co, Stumpp & Walter Co, New York City, Aggler & Musser
Seed Co., Los Angeles, Cal., Las Vega s Hardware Co.,

The bid of the Standard Wholesale Company for pipe for the cemetery in the sum of $587.31
was opened at this time. Same being the only bid received.

A petition signed by residents and property owners of the Auto Park Tract protesting the
possibility of moving the restricted district to that location was read at this time
and filed.



At this time an informal meeting was called for the 25th day of September at 7:30 P.M., for the purpose
of discussing the erection of a depot at the airport and city licenses. The Clerk was
directed to inform the Airport Advisory Committee and the city commissioners.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the bid of Porter Walton Company be accepted for grass
seed, provided that the substitute as set forth in the bid was equivalent to that request
if not the bid to go to the next lowest bidder. Said seed to be acceptable to Mr. Crossan
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made amotion that the bid of Bartlett Bros. for bermuda grass for the
cemetery be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the bid of Standard Wholesale Company be accepted

for pipe for the cemetery. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon recommendation of the Chief of Police, Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that the application
of Mrs. Josephine Ford to operate a portable skating rink be be- allowed. Motion was
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made amotion that the application of E. L. Clemmer and M.E. Simmons
for a license to operate a portable skating rink be allowed. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of the Pioneer Club for a gaming license heretofore presented was tabled
pending the return of Commissioner Tinch.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that A.L. Worswick be allowed 6% of the original contract
price for building of the airport control tower for his services as architect. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Lieutenant August appeared before the Board at this time, on behalf of the tennis players
at the gunnery school and stated that if the city would furnish the paint, that he would
have a crew paint the City Courts.

A. W Blackman presented a request for change of the budget as follows: $3,920.00 be
transferred from the street department to the garbage department salaries and $5,600
be transferred from the street department capital outlay to the street department salaries
and $1,840.00 transferred from the park department to the street department.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the suggested adjustment of the budget be authorized. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Com-
missioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The matter regarding burglary insurance for the Clerk's office was tabled for further

investigation.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the city engineer be instructed to establish corner
markers on 15th street at Fremont, Carson, Bridger, Lewis and Clark Streets. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that Commissioner Rubidoux be authorised to open negotiat-
ions with the WPA with the view of building a club house at the Golf Club. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the Clerk be allowed to hire extra help from the
22nd day of September to and including the 15th day of October at a salary of $4.00

per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the purchasing agent be directed to purchase signs
for the purpose of posting the city limits in an amount not to exceed $25.00. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Clark Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.