NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application for a use permit
by Drs. Gilbert Eklund and Vincent Sanner for construction of a professional building
on Lots 5, 6, 7 and a portion of Lot 8, Block 3, El Centro Addition No. 2, be approved
subject to compliance with set back requirements of 10 feet from the property line and
filing of a bond for installation of off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that proposals received for Bid 57.32 for
the remodeling of City Hall, State I have been checked and it is the recommendation that
the low bid of P. & C. Construction Company be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager's recommendation be accepted and Bid
No. 57.32 for the remodeling of City Hail, Stage I be awarded to P & C Construction
Company in the total amount of $28,399.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner)

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker advised the Commission that a letter has been received from the Las Vegas
Council of Parents and Teachers recommending that Mrs. Wendell Bunker be considered
for appointment as a member of the Youth Advisory Council.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the following appointments be made to the
Youth Advisory Council:

Mrs. Harvey Dondero
Mr. Keith Ashworth
Mr. Fred Gillis
Mr. John Conway
Mrs. Hank Greenspun
Mrs. Robert Gresham
Mrs. Wendell Bunker
Dr. Charles I. West

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the proposed sale of City property to Dr. Chester Lyon
located in Section 36, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the City Attorney's Office has pre-
pared the agreement for the purchase of the first five acres in which the purchaser
will make payment of $10,000 within 30 days and also agrees to pay the cost of the
title insurance policy. Mr. Kennedy further reported that the option agreement to
purchase approximately 8½ acres at $17,642.00 and 6.8 acres at $14,056.00 of ad-
jacent property has also been prepared. The City Manager advised the Board that
the purchaser has requested that he be allowed 18 months to exercise the option.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the agreement with Dr. Chester Lyon for the
sale of five acres of City property and the option agreement on the additional
fifteen acres be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign said agree-
ments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented the offer of the Huntridge Development Company to pur-
chase the Huntridge Fire Station property located at 1100 East Charleston Boule-
vard from the City for $42,500.00. Mr. Kennedy stated that this company will
pay cash within thirty days for this property if their proposal is accepted.

No action was taken by the Commission on this matter.

The Commission again considered the request from the attorney of Anne M. Powell for
settlement out of court of her claim against the City for reported damage to her
property located in Section 10, T21S, R61E, MDB&M, caused by water from the effluent
ditch. Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Board that Mrs. Powell was will-
ing to settle for $750.00, and recommended that this offer be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Assistant City Attorney be ac-
cepted and settlement be paid to Mrs. Anne M. Powell in the amount of $750.00; fur-
ther that the Comptroller and Treasurer be authorized to issue this warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented a request to purchase 100 chairs for the Municipal Court
room from School Days Equipment Co. at a cost of $4.35 per chair, f.o.b. Los Angeles,
California.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and
Purchase Requisition No. 8719 to School Days Equipment Company for one hundred
chairs for the Municipal Court room at a total cost of $435.00 f.o.b. Los Angeles,
California be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request for approval of a purchase requisition to
Motorola Communications & Electronics in the amount of $3,388.17 for the purchase
of equipment to complete the radio hook up between the Police Department,Fire De-
partment and City Hall which will hook in to the alarm system. The City Manager

BID NO. 57.32
Remodeling of
City Hall
Award

YOUTH ADVISORY
COUNCIL

Appointments

SALE OF CITY
PROPERTY

Sec. 36-20-61
Dr. Chester Lyon

HUNTRIDGE FIRE
STATION

Request to Purchase

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Anne M. Powell
Settlement

PURCHASE OF CHAIRS
FOr Court Room

RADIO CONTROL
STATION
Conversion