Las Vegas, Nevada

December 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this seventh day of December, 1944:	Meeting called

to order at the hour of 2.30 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and Smith; Mayor E. W. Cragin; City Attorney, Louis Wiener,
Jr.; City Manager, Charles C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the Special
Meeting held November 20th and of the Regular Meeting held
November 22nd be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claim #244 in the
sum of $105.00 and Claim Nos. 259-267, inclusive, in the
sun of $16,434.49 be approved.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Special Payroll Claim No.

257 and 258, inclusive, in the sum of $879.67 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Warrants
268 and 269, inclusive, in the sum of $39,676.10 be approved.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin ordered the Municipal Judges' report for
September and October, the Building, Electrical and
Plumbing Inspectors' reports filed.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Board authorize
payment to Mrs. Louise Slack Francis of $300 covering
purchase of two lots on Charleston Boulevard for right
of way purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioners Bates, Clark and
Smith to review the proposed ordinance amendment to
Ordinance #203 (as amended) and make a report at the next
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board ratify the action
of the Chief of Police and the Mayor in suspending the
gaming and liquor licenses of the El Cortez Hotel on
November 30 at noon; also, ratify their action reinstating
the license on December 6th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed
to notify Roy King that his trailer popcorn stand is in
violation of Ordinance #208 and must be moved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Planning Commission
be requested to submit information relative to proposed
Ordinance governing the erection of new buildings on main
arteries into the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SPECIAL PAYROLL CLAIM

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS
RIGHT OF WAY

ORDINANCE AMENDMENT
EL CORTEZ HOTEL

POPCORN STAND
ROY KING

ZONING