Las Vegas, Nevada

May 16, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 16th day of May, 1956, was called to order at the hour of 8:10 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker	

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Chief of Police	Ray Sheffer

Asst. Fire Chief	C. D. Williams

Sup. Bldg. & Safety	Art Trelease

License Dept.	Sgt. Wayne McDorman

C. H. MacDonald

Finance Dept.	Robert Boos

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the sale of five acres of
City owned land on the corner of Washington and Bruce, bids were received from the follow-
ing organizations:

F. O. Eagles - $2,000 per acre or a total bid of $10,000.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager for investi-
gation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.17 for the well for the
Sewage Plant, bids were received and opened from the following firms:

PHELPS PUMP & SUPPLY	$10,385.00

ALLEN & FAILING	9,879.00

S. R. MCKINNEY & SON	11,500.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director
of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mrs. Helen Herr, representing members of the Boulder Highway Association appeared before
the Commission at this time with an appeal to have the Board assist them in protesting
the State Highway Department's plan for making Boulder Highway a speedway and limited
accesses. Mrs. Herr pointed out that land values had taken a tremendous landslide since
word had been received that this plan was being considered.

The Association further requested that the City assist them in asking the State Highway
Department that one of the two following plans be substituted:

1.	To make a 200 foot wide boulevard, with curbs, along Boulder Highway. This
will cause the area to start developing again. This would make the highway
80 feet wider than Wilshire Blvd, in Los Angeles.

2. Complete the highway the same as the strip area only have the center islands
35 feet wide with turn arounds every 660 feet. The money saved by these
plans could be used to buy other rights of way on each side of Boulder High-
way from one to two miles.

Mr. Max Good, Mr. Judd Lillie, also property owners in this area, appeared and protested
this proposed improvement. They pointed out that a $23,000,000 project is being held
in abeyance until a final determination has been made in this regard.

Mayor Baker stated that the Highway Department had discussed this matter with the Commi-
ssion about a year ago and asked the Board to accept a right of way to San Francisco as
part of the City system.

Thereafter Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Fountain and Sharp to meet with the
Boulder Highway Association, County and Highway Departments to see if some thing could
not be worked out. He further suggested that Planning Director, Franklin Bills be in-
cluded in this group to assist in working out an acceptable plan, and that a report be
made back to the Commission.

Mr. Lee Glenn also stated his protest to the present plan and informed the Commission
that the Association has received a resolution from the Downtown Gambling Club operators
in support of their protest. The Association further stated that the County Commission
had been contacted and they felt assured that support would be forthcoming.

The application of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for rezoning of the NW¼ of the SW¼
of the SE¼ of Sec. 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-3 to M-1; as amended by the Planning
Commission to include the East 200 feet of the NW¼ of Sec. 33 and the South 710 feet of
the East 200 feet, SW¼ of Sec. 28, T20S, R61E, from M-1 to R-4, was considered.

The Planning Commission recommended denial of this application.

SALE OF CITY PROPERTY
Bid Opening

BID NO. 56.17
Sewage Plant Well

BOULDER HIGHWAY

REZONING - Z-6-56
UPRR