missioner Hodgens that this letter be accepted and placed on file and the Clerk of this Board
acknowledge the same. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson and Martin and His Honor the Mayor

Pro Tem Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

Los Angeles, Calif.

Jan. 30, 1922.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada.

 Dear Madam:

	We are pleased to quote you 230 Street Signs as per your

letter of Jan. 13th these signs to be 4" by 20" with dark blue back-
ground and white letters, 80 cts. each, f.o.b. Los Angeles.

These prices include four holes each side. If we are favored
with your order which we trust we will be, we would ask you to advise
as how you will want the four holes placed on these signs.

We are giving yon diagram below showing the different ways
that these holes are placed in the Street Signs.

Again thanking you for your inquiry, and looking forward
bo the pleasure of receiving your order, we remain,

Yours truly

Los Angeles Rubber Stamp Co,

H. Chandler

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Martin and duly carried that Commissioner Anderson be and he is hereby authorized to make investi-
gation and report the total cost of posts for said street signs, report to be made at the next reg-
ular meeting of the Board. Voting Commissioners Martin, Hodgens, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor
Pro Tem Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

January 9,1922.

Harry N. Anderson,

City Commissioner in charge of Streets,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

Regarding the setting of grade stakes for a sidewalk along Fremont
from Fifth St. to Eleventh St. and the cost of surveys for such grade stakes
I would respectfully call your attention to a few of the principles of engineering 
practice which must be conformed with if the grade line is to be properly
established.

The grade line of any street must be laid out so as to drain off all
Storm Water from the higher streets to the lower street sand so on to the outlet for
wasting the water ot connection with the sewer. This condition mast be met if we
hope to fix oar streets some day and keep away from the street mud paddles.

Thus it is necessary to run grade lines out for some distance side
streets crossing Fremont street. This data should be kept in a permanent record
and turned over to the Commissioners for their use in connection with grade
lines to be established in the future

Your attention is called to these matters so that you will understand that
to properly establish the desired grade line considerable extra work is necess-
ary as this is the beginning of the development of a new portion of the city,
and should be started in the proper manner to avoid future trouble and expense.

To execute the necessary surveys, establish the grade line of the sidewalk
along Fremont Street from Fifth Street to Eleventh Street giving the necessary
attention to the grade lines of the cross streets, establish the necessary bench
marks for future reference for elevation, set missing street centers to protect
the established lines and keep all data in a workman like manner to turn over to you
at the end of the work, I will make a fixed price of $150.00 or will do the work on 
the day basis at a charge of $20.00 per day for a field party consisting of not
less than two men and a charge of $15.00 per day for each day on office work.

Very respectfully,

Fred W. Rodolf.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commi-
ssioner Hodgens and duly carried that Fred W. Rodolf be retained to ran the grade lines as
per his communication above noted for a sum of $150.00, said sum to be paid oat of the City
General Fund. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, and Martin and His Honor the Mayor
Pro Tem Frank Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented to the Board the application of G. Lopez for a
gaming license in the city of Las Vegas, the same having been duly approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Lou Martin, whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Com-
missioner Martin seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, that a gaming license