Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board considered the bids on the purchasing of a dump truck for the
City Street Dept. The Bid of A.C.Grant authorized Ford Dealer appearing to the Board as the
best bid upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the City of Las Vegas purchase from A.C.Grant one Ford Dump Truck for the City Street Dept.
Same to be purchased on a lease contract.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board at this time also considered the bids on the two cars to be purchased for
the City Police Dept. The bid of the Desert Chevrolet Company appearing to the Board as
the best bid on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
and carried that the City of Las Vegas purchase two two door sedans from the Desert Chevro-
let company, and that said company take in on the purchase price one Buick Sedan. Cars to
be purchased on a lease contract.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, James C. Thomas and Marie Thomas Kendall, owners of the south fifty-two
and four-tenths feet (52.4) of lots numbers twenty (20) and twenty-one (21) in Block
number Two (2) of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Clark County State of Nevada, together with
the two story building situate thereon, have during the month of July, 1931 permitted the
Police Department of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to install and there has been installed
upon the roof of said building, a signal light for said police department, connected with
the	adjoining building occupied by the	Police Department	of this City, and

Whereas, permission	install	said	signal light	and to maintain and repair the

same was given under the conditions hereinafter set forth,

NOW THERE FORE BE IT	RESOLVED,	that	the Board of	City Commissioners of	said City	do

hereby	acknowledge that such	permission was	given and is	being exercised under	the following

conditions:

1.	That said permit may be revoked at any time upon five days written notice,
at the expiration of which time all apparatus shall be removed.

2.	The City shall pay for any damage that any occur to said building by reason of
the installation, maintenance and repair of said signal light and apparatus.

3.	The City shall not acquire by use or lapse of time any vested right or privilege
to maintain operate and repair said signal light and apparatus adverse to said owners.

4.	The City shall hold said owners harmless from any damage, costs and liability,
including attorney fee, which may occur to persons or property by reason of the maintenance
of said signal light and apparatus on said building.

5.	During the life of this permit said City shall keep said apparatus in repair
and in safe condition so that no damage shall occur to persons or property by reason of
the maintenance of such signal light and apparatus in connection wherewith on said building.

6.	The City shall keep the said owners free and harmless from any liens of mechanics
and materialmen occurring by reason of labor or material supplied in the installation or
repair or replacement of said signal light and apparatus, or any part thereof.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of revising the extent of the proposed sewer system and disposal plant
in the City of Las Vegas was next Brought before the Board.

Upon motion duly made by Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas at a recessed regular meeting of this Board held on the 13th day of July
1931, a Resolution was adopted by this Board accepting, adopting and approving a general
plan and report, made by the City's Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Benham, for a system of
main sanitary outfall sewers and sewerage disposal plant, which said Resolution appears on
pages 186 and 187 of Book 3 of the minutes of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, a special election has been called, to be held on the 12th day of August
1931, to determine whether or not the qualified electors of said City shall authorize the
issuance of $160,000.00 bonds of said City for the above purposes and

Whereas, after careful consideration it has been determined by this Board to limit
the number and extent of the mains in said proposed sanitary sewer system and to change in
part the location thereof, which will necessarily result in lessening the cost of said
main sanitary sewer system,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the said Resolution be and the same is hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

RESOLUTION

Whereas, it is deemed necessary for the health, comfort and safety of the people
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to provide adequate outfall main sanitary sewers and an
efficient modern sewage disposal plant to serve certain territory within the limits of the
City, and

Whereas, the present system is inadequate for such purposes, and

Whereas, the City's Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Benhan, has made the necessary
investigations, surveys, general Plans, profiles and estimates of coat of such main outfall
sanitary sewers and sewerage disposal plant, and

Whereas, the engineer's estimate of cost of such main sanitary outfall sewers
and sewage disposal plant in accordance with report heretofore filed is in an amount of
One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00), but will necessarily be considerably
less by reason of the limiting of the number and extent of the said mains as hereby deter-
mined, which main sewers are hereby changed to be of the size and location substantially
as follows:

10" Diameter-Charleston Boulevard from Third Street to alley between Seventh and
Eighth Streets.