that the foregoing resolution $$$$$$$ be adopted as read, The roll called, the vote being as
follows i:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, von Tobel Mayor protein, aye, acting
mayor aye, Peter Buol. No. At this time Mayor Protem Von Tobel vacated the Chair, and the Mayor
Peter Buol resumed the Chair.

The application for a Gas franchise coming on before the Board, it was upon motion of
Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel ordered that this question go over untill the next regular
meeting of the Board in November A.D. 1911. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye.
Mc Govern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, His Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by by McGovern and duly carried that the Board adjourn untill October 18th, 1911. at 8'o'clock P.M.
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel,
aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
October 18th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las vegas, Nevada, held
pursuant to adjournment.



The question of Issuing Notice sale of Sewerage Bonds for the amount of $40,000.00 coming on
before the Board. it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board, The following Notice
was read towit:-.

Notice of Sale of Sewerage Bonds For the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, having complied with the requirements : Per an Act of the Legislature
entitled : "An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, Nevada, and defining
the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City Government therefore and other

matters relating thereto, as Approved March 16th, 1911. hereby offer for sale $40,000.00
sewerage bonds the City of Las Vegas, said Bonds to be dated January 1st, 1912, and delivered
on or before February 1st, 1912, with accrued interest said Bonds are to be issued in denominations

of One thousand Dollars each, numbered 1 to 40 consecutively and to bear annual interest

at the rate of 6 per cent per annum from date of issuance, payable semi-annually, the

interest to be due on the First day of January and the first day of July, the day every year

thereafter, and interest shall cease on each bond as soon as redeemable.



Bonds 1 to 4 inclusive, to become due on or before, 10 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 5 to 8 inclusive to become due on or before 11 years after the date thereof.
Bonds numbered 9 to 12 inclusive to become due on or before 12 years after the date thereof.
Bonds numbered 13 to 16 inclusive to become due on or before 13 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 17 to	20 inclusive to become due on or before 14 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 21	to	24 inclusive to become due on or before 15 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 25	to	28 inclusive to become due on or before 16 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 29	to	32 inclusive to become due on or before 17 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 33	to	36 inclusive to become due on or before 18 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 37	to	40 inclusive to become due on or before 19 years after the date thereof.

Said bonds and interest are to be payable at the office of the City Treasurer in the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. All binds for said bonds must be sealed and addressed to
the City Clerk at the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and entered upon the envelope so