OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 19, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of April, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy
and W. C. German; together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



A plat of Williams Addition, No. w to the City of Las Vegas, said townsite being owned
by Thos. L. Williams and Lola Williams and being situated in the SW¼ NW¼ of Section 23,

Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., was presented to the Board for approval.

It appearing to the Board that said plat is in proper form, it was by the Board ordered,
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the Mayor approve said plat and the
Clerk attest the same.

The Clerk read a letter from Miss Maud Frazier, City Superintendent of Schools, re-

issued to the said White, or for his benefit, directly or indirectly, to do business of any
nature in the City of Las Vegas, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith and German
and W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem voting aye; Noes; none.

Thereupon, Wm. L. Scott, City Clerk, presented his bond in the sum of Two Thousand
Dollars ($2,000.00) covering his duties as City Clerk in the City of Las Vegas, said bond
having F. C. DeVinney and A. W. Ham as sureties thereon, upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried, said Bond was approved.

An ordinance entitled:-

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas defining "barber shops" and "barbers"
prescribing the hours of opening and closing of barber shops, and providing a
penalty, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict here-
with."

was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was laid
over for a second reading.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that plat of Artesia Heights,
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, situate in NW¼ S½ NE¼ of Section 6, Township 21 South, Range
61 East, M. D. B. & M., being owned by Earl W. Higgins and Winnie Higgins, was presented to
the Board for approval at this time. It appearing to the Board that said plat is in
proper form, it was by the Board ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,
that the Mayor approve said plat and the Clerk attest the same.

An ordinance entitled:-

"An Ordinance authorizing R. F. CRITTENDEN, and his assigns, to install, lay down
and maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary
and proper appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in,
through, over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys or public
grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to
the inhabitants of said City for heating, lighting, power and other used, and
purposes, and establishing regulations and conditions in connection therewith."

was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was laid

over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
until Friday, April 19th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.