The City Manager reported on the request of the property owners on Dyke Lane for
the City to participate in the installation of water pipe to connect with the Las
Vegas Valley Water District. Mr. Kennedy stated that the City owns approximately
420 feet along this street, the cost of which would be approximately $2.50 a front
foot.

The Commission asked the City Manager if the City would connect into this line if
installed, and were advised that at the present time it would not be necessary;
however, in the event we intend to develop or sell the back portion of the property,
water mains would have to be available.

City Attorney Cannon reported that it was his opinion that the refund of 15% of the
cost of the installation of this line would not apply unless the City did use the
water of the Las Vegas Valley Water District.

No further action was taken on this report.

The City Manager requested permission to advertise for sale certain surplus equipment
the City has no further use for. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that there is
an accounting machine, for which we have received an informal bid of $1,000, and
surplus heating and cooling equipment removed from the City Jail.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise
for sale of the surplus equipment, bids to be opened at the regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners on August 21, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

The City Manager reported on the improvement of South "A" Street between Charleston
and Main Street that had been discussed at the regular meeting of the Commission on
June 19, 1957.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had contacted Frank Scott, who represents the property
owners in this area, and they cannot raise the additional money required for the
paving of this street. The City Manager stated that the City has already put in the
curbs, gutters, and sub-base, and if the street is left as is, the majority of the
work will have to be redone when the paving is installed at a future time. He reported
to the Commission that it will cost the City approximately $4,000 to pave this street,
plus the $3600.00 from the property owners.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted to receive bids for the paving
of this street, providing the $3600.00 from the property owners is on deposit, and
the contractor files with the City a performance bond for this contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission for the Mayor Pro Tem to sign an appli-
cation for a radio license for the radio transmitter at the new Rehabilitation Farm.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor Pro Tem be authorized to sign the application
for a radio license for the transmitter at the new Rehabilitation Farm.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager presented an agreement signed by Dan Plunkett on the Plunkett Tract,
to place two flood lights on his building at the end of the cul-de-sac of Wall
Street in lieu of two street lights in this subdivision. Mr. Kennedy advised the
Commission that this agreement had been drawn by the City Attorney, and Mr. Plunkett
has agreed to put in automatically controlled flood lights and he will take care of
the maintenance. Mr. Plunkett further agrees that in the event of the sale of this
property there will be a covenant in the deed that this agreement will be binding
on the new owner until such time as something else can be worked out on an over-all
picture of street lighting in the area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the agreement
with Dan Plunkett for the installation of flood lights on his building at the end
of the cul-de-sac of Wall Street, provided, however that release of the Subdivision
Bond shall not be effected until such time as the flood lights are actually in-
stalled and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time Mr. Kennedy reported that he had contacted Mr. Harley Harmon, Chairman
of the Board of Clark County Commissioners with regard to the County's proposed plans
for improvement of streets that abut the City. The City Manager said that Mr. Harmon
advised him that the areas the County would be working on this summer consist of the
double lane on Maryland Parkway from San Francisco Avenue south to the Nevada Southern
University; two miles on West Charleston beginning at Arville and going west, this
would be a thirty-foot street on the County's side and take care of the unpaved area
that borders the City's paving to Decatur Boulevard. Mr. Kennedy further reported
that the County plans to do some work in Meikle Manor in which the property owners
will put in two miles and the County will pave one mile. The County also anticipates
work on Industrial Road or Highland Drive, south of San Francisco Avenue to the D-4-C
Road, and Will pave the streets in Vegas Heights.

The City Manager stated that Richard Sauer, Street Superintendent had met with Pres
Lamb of the County Road Department and that San Francisco Avenue will be widened
15 feet on each side from Paradise Road to its intersection with the Boulder Highway.

Mr. Kennedy estimated that the City's share of this improvement would cost approxi-
mately $6500.00.

WATER CONNECTION
Dyke Lane



SALE OF SURPLUS
EQUIPMENT

Notice to Bid

Authorized





"A" STREET PAVING
Main to
Charleston

Paving Bids to
be Secured

APPLICATION FOR
RADIO LICENSE
Rehabilitation
Farm

PLUNKETT TRACT
Modified Agree-
ment

COUNTY-CITY
Street

Improvement

