On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Claims of W.B. Mundy, Ex-officio Treasurer, and F.C. DeVinney Ex-officio Assessor be
handed to Mr. Austin, City Attorney for examination.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting ye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk enter into an agree ent with the Standard Oil Company for purchase of
partial gasoline requirements for the year 1938 at $.1594 per gallon.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Baker reported to the Board the heed of a water line be added at the City Sewerage Dis-
posal Plant, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner KraUse it was
moved and carried that the City purchase about 350 feet of pipe to be used for a needed water
line at the disposal plant.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 24th day of January, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 24th, 1938.

Minutes of	a recessed regular meeting of	the Board of Commissioners of the City	of Las

Vegas, Nevada held on the 24th day of January,	1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Mr. Claude Mackey appeared before the Board in regard to the payment of gasoline tax by
the City. Said gasoline was used during the CWA, which was the installation of sewer lat-
erals on the Westside. After some discussion on the matter it was decided by the Board of Com-
missioners that it legally could not pay the same, therefore no further action was taken.

Members of the Recreational Board appeared before the Board at this time and ask if the
City would lend its best efforts toward securing the use of a room in the War Memorial Building
to be used as an office for the Recreational Department.

On motion of Commissioners Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the City of	Las Vegas through its Recreational Board contact the American Legion	Post #8

and ascertain if	it would be possible that the	American Legion would allow the use of	a room	on

the ground floor of the War Memorial Building for an office for the Recreational Department of
the City. Said room to be used strictly as a business office for this department of the City, and
an allowance of $10.00 be made to cover the rent of same, per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Perry and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Marble voting no.

Oliver Goerman, Secretary of the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board
and ask if the Board of Commissioners would be willing to participate in the the purchasing of
about 25,000 Boulder Dam stickers. Mr. Goerman also presented to the Board for its consideration
a sample of the proposed sticker.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the City expend a sum not to exceed $50.00 toward the purchase of said stickers.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and and car-
ried that a taxi stand permit be given Harry Shade for a taxi at the N.W. corner of 1st and Fre-
mont Sts. (Side of Ferron Drug Store)

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, Perry and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
the the following beverage license s be granted: Joe Carlo, Gabe Lopez, end Safeway Stores Inc;
These applications having been approved by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow Perry and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the numbers on the slot machine licenses at the Fremont Tavern, operated by Berto
Testolin be changed to conform with the numbers of the new machines installed at said location.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting rye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that the
report of A.L. Drew, covering the meeting of the Electrical Inspectors Chapter meeting held in
Santa Barbara be accepted and placed on file.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.