262

Dollars on the bonds issued, said amount to be paid simultane-
ously with the sale and delivery of the bond issue. If such a
bid is not made by me promptly as above set forth, or if my bond
attorney will not approve the revenue bond feature as above out-
lined then there shall be no obligation to you under this agreement.

This proposal respectfully submitted this 30th day of June,

1948.

Lauren W. Gibbs /s_____________

The above and foregoing proposal is accepted on behalf of the City of
Las Vegas, this 13th day of July, 1948, on motion duly passed by the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at its regular recessed
meeting, subject however to the following conditions, namely, to-wit:

1.	That the said proposal and all proceedings, resolutions and ordi-
nances in connection therewith be approved by the City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

2.	That upon the receipt by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of a bona-
fide offer to purchase said Sewer Disposal Plant Bonds at a price less than
the entire cost to said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as contained in the fore-
going offer then this said conditional acceptance shall be void and held
for naught with no obligation whatsoever due said offer of by said City.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

By E. W. Cragin/s

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

Shirley Ballinger

City Clark

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

PARKING METERS At this time Mayor Cragin stated that it was the recommendation of the Citizens'
Recommendation Committee that the City of Las Vegas accept the bid of the Magee-Hale Park-O-
of Citizens	meter.	His Honor also added that said recommendation of the Citizen's Com-

Committee	mittee	would probably be accepted by the Board; however, this award	cannot

	be made until the proposed ordinance adopting the use of parking meters is

	approved.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Whipple moved that this meeting adjourn until July 22, 1948,
at the	hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and	carried

by the	following vote: Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His	Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Shirley Ballinger, CITY CLERK

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held in the Office of the Mayor at the War Memorial
Building on 13th, July, 1948, at the hour of 5:00 P.M. to consider the follow-
ing matters:

1.	Proposed Ordinances read by title at regular meeting
of Board held July 7, 1948

 Parking Meter Ord., Driveway Ord., Fire Prevention Ord.,
and Ord. amending portion of #349.

E. W. Cragin /s____________

E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to C. R. Clark, R. T. Moore, R. T. Baskin,

Reed Whipple Commissioners; and J. M. Murphy, City Manager of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call
this day issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Office