sufficient Grant Deed to said property, and also a policy to title insurance
showing such property to be free and clear of any and all liens and encumbran-
ces; and vesting clear title to said property in Buyer;

(b)	All taxes and assessments to be pro-rated as of the date of the close of said
escrow.

(c)	Revenue stamps on deed to be paid for by Seller;

(d)	Costs of recordation of deed to be borne by Buyer;

(e)	Escrow costs to be borne equally by Seller and Buyer, in the usual manner.

This proposal intends that the above purchase price of $255,000*00 shall be net to
the Seller, save and except for those costs and fees specifically above set forth
and in connection with the escrow covering the transaction, there being no other
fees or commissions involved.

The Buyer agrees that if this offer is accepted, together with the enclosed check
for $25,500.00 and an escrow set up as outlined hereinabove and if the undersigned
fails to make either or both of the subsequent payments of $100,000,00 and $125,500,00
as stated above, in such event, the undersigned agrees to forfeit to the City of Las
Vegas any and all sums paid in this connection prior to his default in payment as
liquidated damages.

Titles may be taken in the name of Nevada Corporation to be designated by Buyer
or a Nominee.

It was the decision of the Board not to take any action until a full Board is pre-
sent.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the meeting be recessed until 9:00 A.M.,

July 23, 1953, when a full Board will be present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting
recessed until July 23, 1953 at 9:00 A.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

RECESSED NEGOTIATIONS
Sale City Strip
Property

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 23, 1953

A recessed special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada called to order at the hour of 9:00 A.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker
this 23rd day of July, 1953 with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Attorney
Acting City Mgr.
Deputy City Clerk

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

Howard W. Cannon
A. H. Kennedy
Grace Valenziano

Absent: City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

This being the time set for the continuation on the negotiations for the sale of
City Strip Property, Mr. Clifford Jones and Mr. Paul Sogg were present to continue
discussion on this matter.

Mr. Jones stated that he and Mr. Sogg had been of the impression that this property
included the Truck Route.

Mr. Sogg changed his proposal to include the Truck Route and is as follows:

To purchase the property owned by the City of Las Vegas located on U.S. Highway #91,
south of Las Vegas, Nevada, and commonly known as and referred to as the City of Las
Vegas Strip Property, which property consists of 477 feet of highway frontage and
comprises approximately 50.00 acres, to line of proposed truck highway, for the sum
of $275,000,00, payable in cash as follows:

(a)	Twenty Seven Thousand Five Hundred ($27,500.00) payable this date, such
sum to be placed in an escrow to be set up to cover this transaction, said
escrow to close within ninety days from the date of its opening:

(b)	The further sum of $100,000.00 to be paid into such escrow within thirty
days from the opening date thereof; and

(c)	The balance of One Hundred Forty Seven Thousand Five Hundred Dollars to be
paid into said escrow on or before ninety days from the opening of same.

7-22-53 & 7-23-53