A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 13th day of April, 1955, was called to order by His Honor Mayor Baker at the hour
of 9:00 A.M. with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	Robert	W.	Notti

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

At this time the special payroll for the employees of the Census Bureau for the pay
period ending April 9, 1955; was presented for consideration.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1006 to 1016 in the net amount of
$382.45 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Thereafter Mr. Vernon Miller of the Federal Census Bureau was present and briefly dis-
cussed the status of the special census being taken in the City of Las Vegas. He advised
the Commission that he was relatively sure that the reports from the Census Bureau takers
would be in and ready for compilation by the first of next week.

At this time City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the meeting.

The request of Mr. Sheryl Woodbury for a permit to move the office building of the Aqua
Motel, 1401 South 5th Street to 1933 E. Charleston to be used as the office for a used
car lot, was considered at this time.

Mr. William Loretta, Supervisor of Building and Safety was present and recommended that
this temporary permit be granted until the required plans, specifications and approval
of the surrounding property owners were filed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that permission be granted to Sheryl Woodbury to
move this building from 1401 South 5th Street to 1933 E. Charleston, subject to the
approval of the Building Department and the filing of an affidavit to the effect that
this structure will be removed in the event that protests are received from property
owners in the proposed new location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett qualified his vote by stating that he did not feel that this matter
should be acted upon until the surrounding property owners have been notified and allowed
to view the proposed plans for improvement.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 20, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 20th day of April, 1955; was called to order at the hour of 7:00 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Bunker moved the payroll warrants Nos. 1017 through 1522 in the net amount
of $68,347.92 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

4-13-55 &	4-20-55

PAYROLL WARRANTS

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Census Bureau

TEMPORARY HOUSE
MOVING PERMIT