"Las Vegas, Nevada, Oct. 1st, 1919.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioner,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Kindly accept my resignation as City Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to take
effect at once.

Yours truly,

Ralph Thomas"

whereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that this resignation be accepted to take effect immediately.

There being no further business before the Board at this time it was upon motion being duly
made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday October 22nd, 19191 at
two O'clock P.M. of said day to take ap any and all matters that may come before said Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas October 22nd, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nev.
held on the 22nd day of October 1919. Present Hon. W.E. Ferron and Commissioners Conklin and Arnold
together with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the Application of F.J. Pearce for permission
to conduct certain kinds of games Known as "Stude Poker, Poker, Solo, Whist and Five Hundred."
in the City of Las Vegas Nevada in the building known as the Las Vegas Hotel building situated
on Fremont Street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the quarter ending December 1919, and it
appearing to the Board that the said application has been approved by the Fire and Police Commiss-
ioner of said City it was upon motion of Commissioners Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin
and duly carried ordered that said application be and the same is hereby approved by this Board and
the Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed to issue and license to the said F.J. Pearce for the
quarter ending December 31st, 1919.

The Clerk further presented to the Board the application of C. Aguire for permission to
conduct certain kind of games known as "Stude Poker, Poker, Solo, Whist and Five Hundred." in the 

City of Las Vegas Nevada in the building known as the Colorado Hotel building situated on First]
street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1919, and it appear-
ing to the Board that the said application has been approved by the Fire and Police Commissioner
of said City it was upon motion of Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin and
duly carried ordered that said application be and the same is hereby approved by this Board and the
Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed to issue an license to the said C. Aguire for the quarter
ending December 31st, 1919.

The Clerk further presented to the Board the application of D. Pecetto for permission to conduct

certain kinds of games known as "Stude Poker, Poker, Solo, Whist and Five Hundred." in the City of

Las Vegas Nevada in the building known as the Union Hotel building situated on Main Street in said

City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1919, and it appearing to the Board



that the said application has been approved has been approved by the Fire and Police Commissioner
of said City it was upon motion of Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin and
duly carried ordered that said application be and the same is hereby approved by this Board and

the clerk of this board is hereby instructed to issue an license to the said D. Pecetto for the