Las Vegas, Nevada
May 16, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 16th
day of May, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Gragin with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple;

City Manager, C. W. Shelley, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley
Ballinger. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of May 9 and 15, 1951 be approved by reference

with the following corrections and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same:

May 9: On the motion to approve additional gaming license applications, the motion

should be seconded by Commissioner Whipple.

May 15: On the canvass of ballots of Precinct No. 1, there was a difference of 9
ballots, instead of 90 ballots.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

SERVICE & MATERIAL       Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2109 for $2,762.85

WARRANTS	and No. 2111 for $132.25 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

FINAL PAYMENT -	Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of J.M. Murphy Construction Company for

Assessment District	Final payment on Assessment District No. 100-4 in the total amount of $1,969.99, Service

No. 100-4	and Material Warrant No. 2110 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign.

same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

 PARTIAL PAYMENT -	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of N. P. Van Valkenburgh for partial on Assessment

Assessment District	District No. 200-1 in the total amount of $6,316.20 be approved and the Mayor and City

No. 200-1	Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when issued.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time set for the public hearing on the rezoning of certain portions of the

Zaugg Tract	Zaugg Tract, and the imposing of minimum building restrictions on certain other portions,

His Honor read the notice of public hearing.



a)	His Honor asked if there were any objections to the rezoning of the E½ of the
NE¼ of Section 28, T 21 S, R 61 E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1, There were no
objections.

b)	His Honor asked if there were any objections to the imposing of 1,000 square
foot building area on the E½ of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E,
MDB&M.

Mr. David Hoggard stated that he had objections to this restriction and the 1200 foot
minimum building requirement.

c)	His Honor asked if there were any objections to the imposing of a 1,200 square
foot building area in the W½ of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E,
MDB&M.

The following persons stated they objected to both building area restrictions set forth
in b) and c) and requested that b) be reduced from 1,000 to 850 square feet and c) be
reduced from 1,200 to 1,000 square feet:

David Hoggard	Otis Harris

Mrs. Ethel Barron	Mrs. Albert Hughes

Johnny Crockett

Mrs. Hazel Longo and Mrs. Martha Bell stated that they wished the minimum building
restrictions to be left at 1,000 and 1,200 square feet.

Commissioner Whipple moved the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M,
commonly described as the area between H and J Streets bounded by Harrison and Washington
Street, be rezoned from R-E to R-l.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

Commissioner Peccole moved the minimum building area of 850 square feet in the E½ of the
W½- of the NE¼ of Section 28, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M, commonly described as that part of the
Zaugg Tract lying between J Street and K Street bounded by Harrison and Washington Streets,
be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting, ayej noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

Commissioner Peccole moved a minimum building area of 1,000 square feet in that area of the
Zaugg Tract lying between K and Highland Avenue be accepted.

This motion died for lack of a second.