FRANCISCO PARK
SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map

VARIANCE -P. De Lulio

V - 4 5 - 5 3

VARIANCE
Paris Stewart

V-47-53

VARIANCE -J.Caperton
V-48-53

443

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on this application
for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting the granting of
said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application inasmuch as
it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on July 15, 1953, recommend-
ing that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED* the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
Walter S. and Martha Hunsaker be granted a variance to construct and maintain laundry and storage
facilities within 7 feet of the alley where 20 feet is required, be accepted, be approved.

Motion seconded by Mayor Baker and carried by the following vote: Commissioner Jarrett and Mayor
Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple. Commissioner Sharp did
not vote.

Mayor Baker moved the tentative map of Francisco Park Subdivision be approved subject to sewer
availability and complete street improvement, sidewalks, street lighting and assurance of full
street width and improvement on the street abutting the 5 acres zoned for commercial and not a
part of this subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett
and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple. Commissioner
Sharp did not vote.

The variance application of Patsy DeLulio to construct a duplex on a lot 6000 square feet on Bruce
Street between Poplar and Marlin, lot 18, Block 23 14th Street Addition was considered. Discussion
followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 9th day of June, 1953* Patsy DeLulio filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for variance to construct a duplex on a lot 6000 square feet in area where
7000 square feet in area in required and is located on Bruce Street between Poplar and Marlin
Avenue in an R-2 Use District on Lot #18, Block #23, 14th Street City Addition; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional PLanning Commission held a Public Hearing on this
application for Variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application inasmuch
as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on July 15, 1953 recommending
that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
the application of Patsy DeLulio be granted a variance to construct a duplex on a lot 6000 square
feet in area where 7000 square feet in area is required and is located on Bruce Street between
Poplar and Marlin Avenue, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett
Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Paris U. & Erma Stewart for variance to construct a
2 unit apartment in addition to a duplex at 511 North 8th, Lot 12, Block 8, Bucks Subdivision
be approved and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 22nd day of June, 1953* Paris U. & Erma Stewart filed an application for
variance to construct and maintain a two unit apartment in addition to a duplex which exists on
a lot located at 511 North Eighth Street which is between Linden and Bonanza Avenue in an R-2
Use District on Lot #12, Block #8, Bucks Subdivision and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for Variance* at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on July 9, 1953* the Regional Planning Commission approved the application inasmuch
as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on July 15* 1953 recommending
that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
application of Paris U. Stewart be granted a variance to construct and maintain a two unit apartment
in addition to a duplex which exists on a lot located at 511 North Eighth Street which is between
Linden and Bonanza Avenues in an R-2 Use District; be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application for variance by Julia Mae Caperton to construct a dwelling
in addition to five which exist at 101 E Street, Lots 7 and 8, Block 15, H.F.M.&M. Addition be
approved and the following resolution adopted.

7-15-53