Monies received for the month of August as follows:

$ 38.89 Boulder Highway (Fremont St.) assessment
$1,929.76 Licenses fees and miscellaneous collections.

958.78	Poll Tax and extra street work

37.50	Sale Cemetery Lots.

149.00	Municipal Court Fines.

3,113.93	Total collections.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$2,078.76 P and F Fund.

958.78	Street Fund

37.50	Cemetery Fund

_____38.89 Boulder Dam Highway Bond Fund.

3,113.93	Total distribution.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 8th day of September 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 8th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 8th day of September 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following Present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Down
and Arnett and City Attorney and Clerk.

A number of citizens were present as this was the meeting set by the Board of Com-
missioners to determine if the property owners were interested in the securing of a loan from
the government for an amount sufficient to construct a lateral sewer system in the City of Las
Vegas. No objections to the loan were met with as every citizen present was in favor of secur-
ing the loan and proceeding with the improvement. The City Attorney and City Engineer were in-
structed to prepare and forward to the proper officers the necessary data for the securing of
the amount needed for the the later sewer system.

The application of Wm. N. Rathbun for a retail liquor permit for the Willows was pre-
sented to the Board at this time, and upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner
Arnett the retail liquor license held by one May Lou Dawn for the Willows was canceled owing to
the fact that that party had left the city, and a license for the Willows was granted to Wm.

N. Rathbun. Application being accompanied by the amount necessary to cover such license for one
year.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the securing of a right of way for Clark Avenue, Westside, so that same
ay be improved and form a portion of the north south highway was brought before the Board for
consideration, and after some discussion on the matter the following Resolution was introduced
by Commissioner Mundy and seconded by Commissioner Arnett;

RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, through its Board of City Commissioners co-
operate in every way possible with the State Highway Dept. of the State of Nevada in securing
the right of ways necessary for the construction of the highway along Clark Avenue, Westside,
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and in every other way it may without involving the City of
Las Vegas in any expenditures whatsoever.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

T.A. Wells appeared before the Board at this time in regard to having the present
peddling ordinance, Ordinance No. 160 of the City of Las Vegas revised and amended so that with
a small additional license a merchant may peddle from a fixed place of business. The Board did
not approve of changing this ordinance at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 22nd day of Sept. 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.