LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
DECEMBER 16, 1941

Regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of December,

1941.

	Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell Garrison, at the hour of 7:30

P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux;

City Attorney, Paul Ralli and city clerk, Helen Scott.

Minutes of the last regular meeting of December 4th and those of the Special Meeting
held December 12th were read.

It was Ordered that the minutes of the 4th be amended to show that the taxi license
issued for 117 North 2nd be amended to show the correct address as 117 North 1st. FURTHER
ORDERED that the Minutes be corrected to show that a group of business men appeared to
assist in passing a proposed anti-picketing ordinance, instead of protesting same.

Thereafter, the Minutes were approved as corrected.

Commissioner Clark moved that warrants 610 to 615 inclusive be allowed. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the Mohawk Service for gasoline and ethyl gasoline be accepted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that sidewalk be laid in front of the USO building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Plat of Hawkins Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
which plat is recorded in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in
Book 1 of Plats, page 40, Clark County, Nevada records, be and the same is hereby changed
and altered in the following respect: That the west 125 feet of the alley running east
and west between Sixth and Seventh Streets in Block six (6) of said Hawkins Addition be
changed and altered from an alley for vehicular and pedestrian traffic to an alley for
pedestrian traffic only. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Bids from the following firms on light globes were opened at this time and referred
to the purchasing agent for computation: Luce & Goodfellow, Inc. Gelber Electric, Nevada
Electric, Nevada Electric Co., & Standard Wholesale Co.

Clifford A. Jones, Esq., appeared before the Board on behalf of the Las Vegas Retail
Merchants Association to protest the passing of the proposed electrical ordinance. Thereafter,
several men spoke on behalf of the electrician's union, in support of said proposed
electrical ordinance.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance for safeguarding life and property by regulating
and providing for the inspection of, electric, wiring, devices, appliances and equipment;
creating the office of Electrical Inspector and prescribing his authority and duties; re-
quiring that no electric wiring, devices, appliances or equipment shall be installed without
first securing a permit therfor; creating a Board of Electrical Examiners; providing for the
licensing of persons, firms and corporations engaging in the business of electrical contracting
or employing electricians to do certain electrical work; making it unlawful to engage in the
business of electrical contracting or to undertake the execution of electrical work without
a license, except as otherwise provided; making it unlawful to sell at retail certain