OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 26th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 26th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.	

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Mundy and German, City
Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

On motion of Commissioners Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
T.J. Settle be granted three slot machine licenses.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 27th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance
Commissioner owing to the absence of that officer.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

Reports of the City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the mayor.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 27th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 27th day of January 1932 at the hour of three O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and
German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

At this time the Board took under consideration the signing of the contract for
the sewer system.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissi oner German it was

RESOLVED, That the Mayor and City Clerk sign the contract had between the City of
Las Vegas and the Fuller Construction Company on the execution of a surety company bond for the
faithful performance of the contract, in the sum of $106,510.54, by the Union Indemnity Company
of New Orleans, La. and the exhibition to the said Mayor and City Clerk of a certificate from
the Secretary of the State of Nevada, authorizing said surety company to do business in the
State of Nevada for the year 1932, and the filing with the Clerk of a certified copy of the
Power of Attorney of Paul Doring from said company to execute a bond of the character and the
amount prescribed.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His
Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.