OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. April 7,1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of April, 1927, at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J: Smith, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular and subsequent adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

Thereupon, the Clerk opened the sealed bids of the First State Bank and the Bank of
Southern Nevada, and read the offers therein regarding the purchase of two One Thousand Dollar
Las Vegas Highway Bonds to the Board, as follows:

FIRST STATE BANK

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1927.

Mr. W. L. Scott, Clerk
City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

Referring to your notice of March 23rd, we bid for the
two $1000.00 City of Las Vegas Highway bonds bearing interest at
the rate of 6% per annum and maturing July 1, 1946, $2100.00 plus
accrued interest to date of delivery.

This bid is made subject to the bonds being issued in
due form and meeting with the approval of our attorney.

Yours very truly,

C.S. Wengert,

W/H	Cashier.

BANK OF SOUTHERN NEVADA
Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1927.

To the Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

We bid a premium of $99.45 for the two ONe Thousand
($1000.00) Dollar Highway Bonds, maturing on July 1, 1946, at
6% interest which you are offering at this time.

Very truly yours,

H.	D. Buzick,

Cashier,

Both the above bids were fully considered and upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Com-
missioner Smith it was ordered that the bonds should be sold to the highest bidder, the First State
Bank. Vote on above motion: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Aye. Noes,
None.

Thereupon, Dr. L. B. Sandall presented to the Board for action thereon, a plat of the
sub-division of Block "I", Park Place Addition to the City of Las Vegas, with certificate of W. L.
McFadden, surveyor, and the dedication of the alley as shown thereon, executed by the said L. B.
Sandall and Edith Sandall. On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy,
the following resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS, there has been presented for action by this board a plat of the sub-division
of Block I of the Park Place Addition to the City of Las Vegas, certified by W. L. McFadden, sur-
veyor, on the 7th day of April, 1927, and,

WHEREAS, the owners of said Block I, L. B. Sandall and Edith Sandall, have executed a
dedication to public use the alley shown thereon,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the said plat be and the same is hereby accepted
and approved, and the Mayor of said City is hereby authorized to approve said map and the City
Clerk to attest the same.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy and Hid Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, the applications for gaming licenses of the following men were presented
to the Board: A. T. McCarter, J. W. Horden, Stocker Bros., and G. Lopez.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was ordered
that licenses be issued to each of the above named applicants. Carried by unanimous vote.