A parcel of land situated in the southerly portion of a tract of land known as the City
Park grounds and belonging to the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada and
more particularly described in that certain deed bearing date the 31st day of May 1929, made by
the Las Vegas Land And Water Company, a corporation, to the City of Las Vegas, municipal corpor-
ation, recorded in Book 14 of Deeds at page 560, Clark County, Nevada Records, the particular por-
tion to be re-conveyed and donated to the United States of America through the Las Vegas Land &

Water Company being described as follows, to-wit:

DESCRIPTION OF TRACT TO BE RE-CONVEYED:

Commencing at a point, which is 580 ft. N. 61 degrees. 47 min. W. from a point
which is 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the N. E. Cor. of Block 33 in Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown
on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence N. 61 deg.47 min. E. 350
ft.; thence S. 29 deg. 13 min. 250 ft. to the place of the beginning, and com-
prising a net area of two (2) acres.

Said records are hereby referred to an made a part of this petition," and
Whereas, said petition consists of several parts, each containing signatures and verifi-
cation as hereinafter mentioned, and each part has appended thereto the signatures and places
of residence of electors of said City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, each of said parts of said petition has appended thereto as a part thereof the
oath of one of the signers of each respective part that the statement therein made and the sign-
atures therein set forth are true to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person making
the respective oath, and

Whereas, this Board has found, and hereby finds and determines from the foregoing that the
said petition, as a whole and in its several parts, is in proper form and is verified as required
by law, and further that the said petition in the aggregate contains the signatures of Nine Hun-
dred fifty-seven (957) persons, who were at the time of making of such signatures, and now are
electors of the said City of Las Vegas in a number in excess of fifty-one percent of the number
of votes cast in such City of Representative in Congress at the last preceding general election,

Held November 6th, 1928, and

Whereas, it appears to and is so found and determined by this Board that the tract described
and embraced in said petition as the land to be re-conveyed, and hereinafter more particularly
described, is now held in trust for the public by the said City of Las Vegas for the following
uses, to-wit: For public park purposes only, under a donation and dedication thereof to such pub-
lic uses, made by that certain deed of conveyance, bearing date the 31st day of May 1929, made by
the Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, as grantor, and said City of Las Vegas, as
granteee, which said deed embraces and embraced the following described land, to-wit: Commenc-
ing at a point 80ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the Northeast corner of Block Thirty-three (33)
at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Town-
site, and running thence N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. 1060 ft: thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 980 ft. thence

N.	54 deg. 47 min. E. 447.2 ft; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E. 860 ft. thence S. 28 deg. 13 min.

W. 1360 ft. to the place of beginning; excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict
with Buck's Subdivision to the City of Las Vegas, and comprising a net area of thirty-one and
fifty-one one-hundredths (31.51) acres, exclusive of said conflict, which said last mentioned deed
is of record in Book 14 of Deeds, at page 560, Clark County, Nevada Records, which said records
are hereby specifically referred to an made a part hereof, and

Whereas, it appears to this Board that said Las Vegas Land & Water Company is about to enter
into an agreement with the United States of America or some department thereof to convey, or is
about to convey said above described tract of two (2) acres to the United States of America or
some department thereof, or to some officer or officers of said United States of America or of
some Department thereof as a site for the erection and maintenance thereon of a Federal building
or buildings, and

Whereas, in order to fully consummate the arrangement so contemplated by said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, it is necessary that said City of Las Vegas re-convey the above described
two (2) acre tract to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, and

Whereas, it appears to this Board and is so found and determined by this Board that after
such re-conveyance to said Las Vegas Land and Water Company of said two (2) acre tract the City of
Las Vegas will have ample grounds for the use thereof for public park purposes, and that such re-
conveyance to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company of said two (2) acre tract to facilitate and
make possible the consummation of the said proposed arrangement so contemplated by said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, will be advantageous to said City of Las Vegas, and its citizens,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that a deed of re-conveyance, without warranty, on behalf of
said City of said two (2) acre tract, and more particularly described as follows; to-wit: The
following tract of Land, situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to-
wit:

	Commencing at a point, which is 580 ft. N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. from a point

which is 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the N. E. corner of Block 33 in
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets
as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite of record in the office of the
County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and running thence N. 61 deg. 47 min.

W. 350 ft; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 250 ft. thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E.

28 deg. 13 min. W. 250 ft. to the place of the beginning, and comprising a net
area of two (2) acres,

shall be and is hereby ordered and directed to be made of all the right, title and interest of
said City of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Land and Water Company: that suck deed of re-conveyance
on behalf of said City shall be executed under the hand of the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas
and attested by the City Clerk thereof under the seal of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners R. W. Thomas, O.J. Smith and
L. B. Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner O.J. Smith seconded by Commissioner L. B. Hansell the
following Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, by Resolution duly adopted at this meeting, held on the 2nd day of December 1929,
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have authorized the Mayor and City Clerk
to execute and deliver to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, a deed of re-convey-
ance of the following described land, held by said City of Las Vegas in trust for public park	

purposes, to-wit: The following tract of land, situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, to-wit:

Commencing at a point, which is 580 ft. N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. from a point
which is 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the N. E. Cor. of Block 33 in
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets
as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite of record in the office of the
County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and running thence N. 61 deg. 47 min
W. 350 ft; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 250 ft; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E.

350 ft; thence S. 28 deg. 13 min. W. 250 ft. to the place of beginning, and
comprising a net area of two (2) acres,
to which Resolution reference is hereby had and made, and