No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 14th day of September, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 14th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of September, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow and City Attorney Austin.

Mr. Hickey, President of the V.F.W. appeared before the Board in regard to the conduct-
ing of a carnival under the auspices of the V.F.W.

Mr. Hickey was informed that the carnival might be operated in the City but that the com-
pany operating same or the V.F.W. sponsoring it would be held liable for the full license fee
of $100.00 per day for each day said carnival operated in the City.

The Board considered the matter of changing the parking rules in the down town area, and
present to discuss same with the Board were Chief of Police Mackey and Traffic Officer Thompson. 

After some discussion on the matter but without motion it was decided that the Police
Dept. with the aid of the Street Department repaint the parking lanes in the City.

The Clerk was instructed to write R.J. Mackie, purchaser of Lot 5 in South Addition from
the City and ascertain at what rate per month he might be able to pay off the balance due the
City from the sale of said block.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce, it was moved and carried
that the following

RESOLUTION NO. 6.

be adopted:

A resolution authorizing the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas to file an application to the
United States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a
grant to aid in financing the construction of Sidewalks, and designing C.D.Baker, City Engineer
to furnish such information as the govern ent may request.

Be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

Section 1. That H.P. Marble, Mayor be and he is authorized to execute and file an appli-
cation on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to the United States of America for a grant
to aid in the financing the construction of sidewalks.

Section 2. That C.D.Baker, City Engineer, be and is hereby authorized and directed to fur-
nish such information as the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Adminis-
tration of Public Works may reasonably request with the application which is herein authorized
to be filed.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, and Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 16th day of September, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAE
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 16th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of September, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Corradetti, Krause, Luce and Ronnow, City attorney
and Clerk.