

513

appointments and said appointments shall then be confirmed
by the Recreational Board and submitted to the Board of
Commissioners for their approval, and he shall perform such
duties with respect to recreation in the City of Las Vegas
as shall from time to time be given him by the Board.

(c)	To administer and supervise the recreational program of the City of Las Vegas,
as adopted from time to time by the Board of Commissioners, and from time to
time, recommend to said Board such measures for the improvement of said program
as it may deem advisable for the promotion of the public health and welfare;

to adopt rules and regulations deemed reasonably necessary for the government
and prosecution of said program, subject to the approval thereof by the Board
of Commissioners; to manage and operate the parks, playgrounds, swimming
pools, camps and other recreational properties, areas, facilities and equipment
belonging to the City of Las Vegas, and to operate and direct all the recreational
activities conducted therein or in connection therewith, subject to all of the
laws and ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; provided, however,
that the Board shall have no power or authority at any time, or in any manner,
to make any expenditure or incur any debt without the consent and approval
of the Board of Commissioners, nor shall any of its liabilities or obligations
be deemed to be the liabilities or obligations of the City of Las Vegas, and
said City shall not be responsible therefor without such consent or approval
having been obtained.

(d)	To set up a budget covering the operation of all recreational activities to be
carried on for the year, said budget to be submitted to the Board of Commissioners
for their approval on or before the 1st day of December, 1947, and on or before
the 1st day of December of each and every year thereafter.

and, be it further

RESOLVED, that the Board shall, annually, on the 2nd day of January of each year,
and at such times as requested by the Board of Commissioners, prepare and submit to said
Board a full, accurate and complete report of all its activities which shall include an
inventory showing all equipment and supplies on hand and the condition and location of such
equipment and supplies.

-——0O0-----—

RESOLUTION NO. 103

WHEREAS, the United States of America, acting through the Housing & Home Finance Agency,
Public Housing Administration, owns permanent war housing now known as PHA Project No. NEV-
26O2l consisting of approximately 125 dwelling units located in the City of Las Vegas, state
of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, such nousing is no longer needed for purposes of war; and

WHEREAS, there exists in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a serious shortage of decent,
safe, and sanitary housing, which constitutes a menace to the health, safety, morals and
welfare of the inhabitants of the City, especially to the families of veterans and servicemen
of low income and other families of low income; and

WHEREAS, if the Congress of the United States should authorize the conveyance of such
housing to provide housing for families of low income, the Housing Authority of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, proposes to acquire such housing and to operate it as low-rent housing;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE MAYOR AND CITY COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA.

Section 1. That it is the determination, finding, and declaration of the Mayor and City
Council of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that it will be in the best interests of the com-
munity and of the families of veterans and servicemen to make such housing available as low-
rent housing for families of low income.

Section 2. That the Mayor and City Council of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby
petition the Congress of the United States to authorize the acquisition of such housing by the
Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be administered as low-rent housing for
families of low income.

Section 3. That the Mayor of the City is hereby authorized and directed to execute in
triplicate a contract on behalf of the City, and the Clerk of the City is hereby authorized and
directed to impress the corporate seal of the City thereon and to attest the same, said contract
to be substantially in form, as follows:

CORPORATION CONTRACT. This Contract entered into this 23rd day of September, 1947, by
and between the Mousing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, (herein called the "Authority"
and the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, (herein called the "City"), witnesseth:

1.	Whenever used in this Contract:

(a)	The term "Project" shall mean the war housing developed by the Federal
Government, now known as PHA project No. NEV-26021, and hereafter to be
administered as low-rent housing within the City by the Authority.

(b)	The term "Taxing Bodies" shall mean the State and every political sub-
division of taxing unit thereof (including the City) which has authority
to levy taxes or to certify taxes to a taxing body or public officer to
be levied for its use and benefit and in which the Project is situated.