At this time the Board considered the matter of adopting the revised budget as prepared
by Alfred Blackman.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
Budget for the year 1932 be adopted in the following form:

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION

PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1932		

Estimated Receipts and expenditures of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the year Ending

December 31, 1932 as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statues of Nevada 1923.

*Indicate totals for all bonds.
ASSESSED VALUATION.

Cash on Hand January 1, 193	$45,351.81

Balance due from Second Half Taxes, 193	39,023.23

The above isa true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the current years as required by Section 9,

Chapter 42, Laws of Nevada, 1923,

Attest:

Viola Burns	Signed E.W.Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor.

Dated Sept. 29th, 1932.

(City Seal)

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and Hansell and
His honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of the Budget to the Board of County Commissioners
of Clark County, to have budget published once a week for two consecutive weeks in a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and to send a copy of said budget to the
Nevada State Board of Finance in Carson City, Nevada.

The matter of the tax levy was brought before the Board of Commissioners for consideration,
and upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolutions
were duly adopted and unanimously carried:

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.171 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.216 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to known as and used as the General Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.591 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street Fund.