Commissioner Sharp moved the Fremont Hotel be granted permission to erect a temporary
sidewalk passage in the right-of-way while the hotel in under construction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

At this time Mr. Long requested permission to move a house from 412 West Bonanza to the
County be granted.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this request be granted and a permit issued.

Seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Long then presented a request for house moving from 518 Adams to Washington and "E"
Streets. Mr. Long mentioned this was a small house and not up to code.

Commissioner Sharp moved that permission be denied.'

Seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Long then presented the request for a house-moving permit from 115 Madison to 701-707
Jackson.

Commissioner Sharp moved this be approved subject to the condition that this house be
remodeled and brought up to code and approved by the Building Department before moved.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The application of Sallie's Liquor Store and Bar located at 2120 East Charleston Boulevard
for additional partners was considered at this time. The following named persons are the
additional partners:

Sam W. Collins
A. S. Johnson
Starr K. Thompson
Edna Marjorie Thompson

Commissioner Sharp moved that these additional partners be added to the liquor and gaming
license presently held by Mike H. Gordon and Sally Gordon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional gaming for the
third quarter of 1954, be approved:

DESERT SHOWBOAT, INC. Boulder Highway	By:	Roy Earl	200 Additional

dba SHOWBOAT	Bingo Chairs

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he writes insurance for the Showboat. Commissioner
Sharp stated that his concern did the structural work on the casino.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following application for additional gaming for the third
quarter of 1954, be approved.

CALIFORNIA CLUB	101-105 Fremont	By:	George Arquilla 1 Big Six

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bunker.

Mayor Baker then read a letter from the Clark County Beverage in which they requested a
meeting with the Board to discuss certain license problems as well as ordinances now in
effect concerning liquor. Commissioners Sharp and Whipple were appointed to meet with
this group.

It was decided that a meeting will be held either September 27 or 28 at 4 or 4:30 P.M.



At this time the Board considered the request of the Last Vegas Collective Agency for a
detective agency license for recovering business.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for a detective agency license be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

This proposed amendment to the Parking Meter Ordinance was deferred until Mr. Rounthwaite
makes a further study and report.

Commissioners Sharp and Jarrett reported that these ordinances must be held up as they
are trying to revise the Sign and Billboard ordinances completely and repeal the annual fee
on inspection of signs. In other words combining the two ordinances now in effect.

This proposed ordinance was referred to a committee consisting of Commissioners Sharp and
Bunker.

9-15-54

HOUSE MOVING
412 West Bonanza

HOUSE MOVING
518 Adams

HOUSE MOVING
115 Madison

GAMING & LIQUOR
Sallie's Liquor Store &
Bar—Additional Partners

GAMING APPLICATIONS
3rd Quarter

Showboat

California Club

CLARK COUNTY BEVERAGE

LAS VEGAS COLLECTIVE
AGENCY

Application for Detective
Agency License Approved

ORDINANCES

Parking Meter Ordinance

Sign Permit Ordinance
Billboard Ordinance

Rezoning Ordinance