Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nev.

 July 3rd, A.D. 1912.

At a regular monthly meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
held July 3rd, 1912. Present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor and City Commissioners, Stewart, aye, Coughlin,
aye, Mc Govern and, Von Tobel, Roll called all answered present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and special meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of Office rs read and approved as read. All claims against the City Read and approved
as read, as per claim book.

At this time Mr Whaton and Cheney of the Wharton and Cheney Drug Company appeared before the
Board relative to their paying a license for the privilage of selling spirituous, vinous, or intoxicating

liquors. in said City, after due consideration upon the part of the Board and a general outline
of the condition as existing this matter was laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board
in August.



At this time the Clerk read in full before the Board ordinance No. 32 for the second reading relative
to the duties of the various City Commissioners of said City, and creating certain funds for the
City, a ter due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Von Towel and seconded
by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that the said ordinance be passed as read, and the Clerk instructed
 to have the same published as by law provided: the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye,
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting, aye.

A letter from Mr Housworth of the Board of Underwriters was then read before the Board calling

there attention to the fact that certain conditions existed in said City regarding the storage of

gasoline, and other explosives, and recommending ways and means to remedy the same, it was then



after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by McGovern
and duly carried ordered that the City Attorney of the City be instructed to prepair an ordinance
covering the same and have the same for the consideration of the Board at their next regular meeting
in August, 1912. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

At this time the following petition was then read before the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 1st, 1912.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners,

Gentlemen:	I understand when the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, survey Clarks Las Vegas

Townsite, the surveys placed certain bench marks at a few of the street intersections. When map
of Townsite was prepared and filed for record the location of these bench marks and their descriptions 

were over looked and not marked on the townsite plate. Maps, of written description of bench
marks, showing their location will prove of inestimable value to both the City officers and owners
of town lots in Clarks Las Vegas townsite, now that most of the lots stakes are rotted out or disappeared.

Also, I understand that before the street curbs were placed in position, that a grade map
was prepared the grade map was not filed for record. I hereby request of your honorable body that
you order your Clerk to request said townsite Company to transmit to the City a copy of all data
and bench marks, and street grades, and same to be made up in proper legal form for entering in
the records of County of Clark, and City of Las Vegas, .	J.T. Mc Williams.

After the reading of the foregoing in full to the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and
seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Clerk ask for said markings as requested in
the above letter to the Board the vote being as follows towit:— Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.