It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Bunker, that all rules of
this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance
at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final
passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye" Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay": None
Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this
meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion, and the question
being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following
 result:

Those voting "Aye" Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay": None
Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an
emergency ordinance, Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion. The question being upon the
passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay": None
Absent:	None,

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing emergency ordinance be numbered 557.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and. carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
NO. 558

Assessment District
No, 100-18
Bonds

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and
State of Nevada, on the 1st day of July, 1953, did publicly sell its City of Las Vegas Assessment
District No, 100-18, Street Improvement Bonds, Series of June 1, 1953, in the aggregate principal
amount of $36,410.80, in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, and City of Las Vegas;
and

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following emergency ordinance,
which was thereupon read in full, and is as follows:

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRMING ACTION DIRECTED TOWARD THE IMPROVEMENT
OF CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, THE CREATION OF STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO.
100-18, AND THE ISSUANCE OF IMPROVEMENT BONDS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SAID BONDS; PRESCRIB-
ING DETAILS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

WHEREAS, said Board desires to authorized and direct the issuance of said bonds.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That all action, proceedings, matters and things (not inconsistent with the
provisions of this ordinance) heretofore taken, had and done by the City of Las Vegas and the
officers of said City concerning the improvement of certain streets, and parts thereof, in
Street Improvement Assessment District No, 100-18 in said City, the creation of said District
within and for said City, the levying and perfecting of special assessments to meet the cost
and expense thereof, and the issuance of its City of Las Vegas Assessment District No, 100-18,
Street Improvement Bonds, Series of June 1, 1953, for that purpose, be, and the same is hereby,
ratified, approved and confirmed, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the confirmation, adoption and approval of the assessment roll for said District, and the public
sale of said bonds to F.T. BOISE & TD MORRIS & CO,

Section 2. That, for the purpose of defraying the entire cost and expense of making said
improvements, except to the extent funds are available therefor from that part of said assessments
which have been heretofore paid, there be issued in the name of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
special assessment negotiable coupon bonds designated "Assessment District No, 100-18 Street
Improvement Bonds, Series of June 1, 1953," in the aggregate principal amount of $36,410.80,
consisting of 40 bonds numbered consecutively from 1 to 40, both inclusive, which bonds shall
bear date as of the 1st day of June, 1953, shall be in the denominations of $1,000.00 and $700.00
each, except bond numbered one which shall be in the denomination of $110,80, bearing interest
at the rate of 5 percentum (5%) per annum until paid in full, payable annually on the 1st day of
June in each year, as evidenced by interest coupons attached to said bonds. Said bonds shall
be numbered, shall be in the denomination of, and shall mature serially in regular numbrical

7-1-53