Notice is hereby further given that it is the intention
of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas to enact an ordinance adopting such Standard 

plumbing Code as amended, by reference.

Commissioner Baskin moved the adoption and approval of
the foregoing resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that George Thompson be appointed Chief
of Police as of this date to and including the 31st day of
December 1945, at a salary of $300.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Harold Laird be appointed Comptroller
as of this date, to and including December 31, 1945, at a salary of
$300.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that T. E. Fennessy be appointed City
Manager from this date to and including December 31, 1945, at a
salary of $600.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Basking, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn to September
22, at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye, noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 22nd day of September, 1945. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 10 a.m. by His Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti; City Manager, T.E. Fennessy, City Attorney, C. Norman
Cornwall; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that certain motion approving the resolution
relative to the Emergency Loan made on September 7, 1945, be rescinded
and that said minutes be approved as corrected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark,Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the matter of amending the Standard Plumbing code was
discussed and the following persons voiced their objections to
said amendment:	Mr. Forgeron, R. L. Ruppert, Bob Elser, L. J. Swan,

Byron Snider, Mr. Provenzano, Ralph Alsop, and Mrs. Provenzano, as
a citizen.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be ordered to publish
a notice of intention to a ct on resolution authorizing emergency loan,
for two publications a t least on week apart in a local newspaper. And
that said resolution be acted upon the 8th day of October, 1945 at the
hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the agreement with Roland Wilson for
rental of his motorcycle be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN - Approved
of September 7th minutes

STANDARD PLUMBING CODE
Amendment -

EMERGENCY LOAN
AGREEMENT

Roland V. Wilson

CHIEF OF POLICE

Appointment - -
COMPTROLLER APPOINTMENT
CITY MANAGER APPOINTMENT