for the first reading, whereupon motion being duly and carried it was ordered that said ordinance
go over for the second reading.

At this time the Boards attention was called to the fact that there was not enough money
in the Cemetery fund to cover outstanding claims whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered by the Board that the sum of
One hundred dollars be and the same is hereby transferred from the General fund of the City to the
Cemetery fund of said City. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

 At this time Commissioner Griffith asKed the Board for permission to erect a drinking
fountain in front of his building at the Corner of Fremont and Second street in said City, and
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made by

Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and carried resolved that the said E.W.
Griffith be and is hereby granted permission to erect an Sanitary Drinking fountain upon said
corner, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith , aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan, a:
Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it
was ordered by the Board that this Board stand adjourned until eight o'clock P.M. of this day to
taKe up and consider the application of transfer of liquor license of J.Bl Curtiss situated in the
Lincoln Hotel in said City. the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Griffith
aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins. voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

August 5th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. Commissioner Curtiss
and Smith, Commissioners Griffith and Sullivan being absent there being a quorum present the Board
then proceeded to take up the question of the transfer of liquor license of J.B. Curtiss. whereby
the said J.B. Curtiss agrees to transfer all of his right and title and interest in a certain
saloon license in said City situated in the building known as the Lincoln Hotel on Main street
to the said Maier Brewing Company as per ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada and
it appearing to the said Board of City Commissioners that the said Maiar Brewing Company are a
fit and proper parties to have granted to them said permit it was upon motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, and duly carried ordered that said transfer be granted
as prayed for in said application the vote being as follows towit Commissioners Curtiss, aye.
Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.