the sum of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars per month. Voting on said motion, Commis-
sioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
Thereupon the matter of the appointment of a city attorney coming on before the Board,
the Mayor suggested the name of F.A. Stevens, Esq., as city attorney, whereupon, it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that F.S.
Stevens be appointed city attorney of the city of Las Vegas, said appointment to take
effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1000.00
and upon his taking the oath of office required by law, at a salary of $150.00 per month.
The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, J.E. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of a Municipal Judge coming on before the Board,
an order was made, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond
appointing C.D. Breeze as municipal Judge at a salary of $50.00 per month, said appoint-
ment to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting on
said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor,

J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

Thereupon the Board took up the matter of the appointment of a city Marshall,
whereupon an order was made, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Smith, that R.E. Cowan be appointed city marshall at a salary of $200.00 per month, said
appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond
in the cum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, and Elwell
and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

An order was made, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Smith, directing that the retiring city marshall turn over to the city marshall elect
all property, keys, badges, etc., belonging to the City of Las Vegas. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,

Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, it is the earnest desire of this Board that each of its
members shall be free at all times to act according to the dictates of
their own individual consciences, and not to be allied to any factions or
particular following, and

WHEREAS, experience has taught us that members of the City Board and
officers appointed by such Board are constantly importuned to go upon bail
bonds and other undertakings of like character, arc that becoming such sure-
ties tends to hamper independent action of the surety and to ally such surety
with the person for which such assurance is made,

NOW THEREFORE BY IT RESOLVED that the policy be and it is hereby adopted
that during the term for which this Board is elected no member of this Board
nor the City Attorney, nor the City Clerk go upon any such bail bond or under-
taking of like character.

The vote on such Resolution was as follows: Coms. Mundy, Hammond, Smith,
and Mayor Hesse Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered on motion of Com. Elwell, seconded by Com. Hammond that the
Board adjourn until the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. of said day. The
vote on said motion was unanimous.