ENGINEERING DEPT.	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Gene Shepeard, Civil Engineer

Employee Granted	in the Engineering Department has been quite seriously hurt in an automobile accident 

Sick Leave	and will not be able to return to work for approximately sixty days. Mr.

Kennedy stated that this employee has not been in the employ of the City long
enough to have "sick leave" available, and requested that Mr. Shepeard be permitted 
to take thirty days advanced Sick Leave.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Gene Shepeard, Civil Engineer in the Engineering
Department be granted thirty (30) days of advanced Sick Leave with pay.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

COMMISSION POLICY	Discussion was held on the policy of the Commission concerning the permission

Ticket Sales & Displays 	granted various civic organizations to display and sell tickets on automobiles,

on Fremont	boats and the like, on Fremont Street. City Manager Kennedy requested that the

Street	Board adopt a resolution abolishing the use of parking spaces on Fremont Street

for this purpose. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the automobile that
is being raffled by the City of Hope has a permit which expires the last of July,
1958, and requested that this practice be discontinued at that time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare a resolution
reciting the provision of the City ordinances relative to the conduct of ticket
sales and raffles in conjunction with the display of automobiles or other prizes
on the public streets, reaffirming the policy expressed in said ordinances that
the public rights-of-way shall not be used for private purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

WELCOME ADDRESS	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a request has been received for

Disabled Veterans	one of the City officials to give a welcome address to the Disabled Veterans on

Saturday, June 7, 1958 at 10:00 A.M. in the Elks Hall. Mr. Kennedy stated that
Mayor Baker was out of town and both he and Commissioner Whipple would be gone.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Commissioner Fountain be designated to represent
the City at this convention of the Disabled Veterans.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

RACE HORSE BOOK	The City Manager reported that a request has been made as to whether or not the

APPLICATIONS	Commission will consider any more Race Horse Book licenses in the City. Mr.

Kennedy stated that at the present time the only limitation the Commission has
is that Race Horse Books cannot be located on Fremont Street. No decision or action 
was taken on this matter.

RECODIFICATION	Assistant City Attorney Hawkins asked that the Commission make a decision on the

recodification of the City Code by the next regular meeting on June 18th.

HYDE PARK BALL	Mrs. Gianconteri appeared before the Board at this time to publicly thank the City

DIAMOND	Commission, Fire Chief Gates, Ass't Chief Williams, City Manager Kennedy, Supt.

of Recreation Trent and Director of Public Works Sauer for the wonderful cooperation
and the ball field at the Hyde Park Fire Station. She advised the Commission that
there are four Peewee Teams, Two Midget Teams as well as the neighboring area using
 this ball field.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 10:00 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

6-4-58