OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

June 1st, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.F. Mundy, C.J.
Hammond O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the city attorney and city clerk.

At this time the newly appointed city attorney, F.A. Stevens, presented his bond
in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with O.K. Adcock and A.S. Henderson, as
sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and sufficient
bond, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,
that said bond be and the same is accepted and approved, and it further appearing that
F.A. Stevens has taken the oath of office required by law, he was thereupon declared
qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of city attorney of the city of Las Vegas,
Voting on said motion Commissioners W.B. Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the clerk presented the bond of R.E. Cowan as city marshall of the city
of Las Vegas, in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, with E.W. Cragin and W.H.

Pike as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and
sufficient bond, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Smith that said bond be and the same is hereby accepted and approved, and it further
appearing that the said R.E. Cowan has taken the oath of office required by law, he was
thereupon declared qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of City Marshall of the
city of Las Vegas, said motion being passed upon the unanimous vote of all present.

The bond of C.D. Breeze, the newly appointed municipal judge was then presented,
said bond being in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Ed. Von Tobel and John
F. Miller as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that the same is a good and
sufficient bond it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy that said bone be and the same is hereby accepted and approved, and it further
appearing that C.D. Breeze has taken the oath of office required by law, he was thereupon
declared qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of Municipal Judge of the City
of Las Vegas. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.



Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and



unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until Tuesday the second day of June, A.D. 1925,
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. June 2nd, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, together with Commissioners W.B. Mundy,
C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, and the city attorney and city Clerk.