Page 4

1947; provided, however, that in the event the jail is
not completed by that time, Mr. Silvagni will agree to let
the City have a reasonable length of time, whereafter to
complete the new police station and turn over the old site
to him. Said occupancy of said Police Station site is to
be free of charge.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TWA RENTALS 	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed to

write a letter to TWA notifying them that it is the request 
of the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that they 
continue paying rental on a month to month basis at the air-
port until such time as the situation insofar as the Army
is concerned is cleared up. After which time a lease
agreement can be entered into.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	

SOUTH MEADOWS-		A letter was read from the South Meadows improvement Ass'n. 

Park Dedication	inviting the Board to dedication services on February 12,	

1947 at the hour of 2 P.M. The letter ordered filed.

WESTSIDE PLAYGROUND		Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed

to confer with Youthtown requesting them to continue the
operation of two playgrounds on Westside as they did last
year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board accept the recom-

Residential Sts.	mendation of the Planning Commission relative to the

establishment of a 36 ft. improved street in residential
areas general bounded by Charleston Boulevard, 10th Street,
Fremont and Bridger Streets which will remain as 50 ft.
streets. Said recommendation being dated November 6, 1946,
and January 21, 1947 and are as follows:

November 6
19	4 6

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Streets and Highways

Gentlemen:

In accordance with a request through the City Manager's office,
consideration has been given to the nature and character of streets to be
improved adjoining the development of a complete city block bounded by
11th, 12th, Clark and Bonneville Streets.

In considering the problem with respect to several factors, it is
evident that a policy should be established that will be the basis of a
reasonable but definite development program for such improvements.

With respect to design and economics of the program then, it is
necessary to consider street widths, typical sections, paving areas and
appurtenanceS, of a standard or uniform nature; especially since a sub-
stantial portion of the street system will ultimately be involved.

The improvement will affect generally the development of streets
in the area bounded by Charleston boulevard, Tenth Street, Fremont Street
and Fifteenth Street. It is recommended that the streets lying within the
boundary streets above be improved by:

1.	Design

Typical standard paving width of 36", face to
face of curbs ("L" type curbs) for all streets
which are purely local, residential or neigh-
borhood streets and not major arterials,
excepting therefrom Maryland Parkway
which is to be developed in accordance
with constructed portions now installed
south of Charleston Boulevard.

These standards are absolutely functional
and efficient for the traffic to be accom-
modated at any time.

2.	Economics

The standards recommended are within reason with
regard to initial costs of installation
and future expense with respect to mainten-
ance. Such costs bear a direct relation to
valuations, tax structure and budgeting of
the city, therefore reflect on fiscal policy.