OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 27th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 27th day of July, at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of July 21st read and approved as read.

A number of citizens were present at this meeting to protest the enforcement of Ordinance No.
247 but before hearing these protests the Clerk was directed to read the written protests. These
protests numbered about 8 or 10. Mr. D.G. Lorenzi make a lengthy appeal to the Board to stop the
passage of this ordinance No. 247. Mrs Louis Pico, also spoke against the ordinance, but informed
the Board that she was aware of the fact that people had been very careless as to the use the water
had been put. Mr. Folger of the Las Vegas Land & Water Company informed the Board that the water
level had raised from 3 ft. 4 in. to ten inches in the last ten days and laid this increase to the
fact that people were obeying Ordinance No. 247.

Upon being informed that Ordinance No. 247 had been come effective Wednesday the 26th day of
July following its second publication Mr. Lorenzi informed the Board he would abide by the ordin-
ance and ask that the Las Vegas Land & Water Company employ a man to instruct the public in the
use of water and how to conserve same.

Mr. Folger informed the Board that his company did not wish to place a hardship upon the people.

A number of bids for the purchase of tires for the Police Dept. were opened at this time and
on motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that Mr. Ronnow Police Commissioner check the bids received and purchase what he considered the
best bid price received. This bid calling for the purchase of three (3) tires.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that a liquor importers license be granted to Peter Pansey and a beverage importers license be
granted to Safeway Stores Inc. and one slot machine license be granted to Bert Smith.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

James Serriville appeared before the Board and made verbal application for a license to
operate a gambling game at the Northern Club. Mr. Serriville was informed that at such time as
he made written application for a gambling license accompanied with a sum of money sufficient to
cover same it would be given consideration by the Board.

Attorney Austin informed the Board that a bid had been made to purchase the judgement
against the City by one Fred Schultz with a 7½% discount.

Mayor Russell appointed Commissioners Ronnow and Corradetti as a committee to contact the
attorneys in this case and investigate this offer and report to the Board at the next regular meeting.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that David Mackey and Harry Miller be employed as police officers for the month of August 1939
at the rate of $5.00 per day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Ronnow recommended and so moved that Frank Wait be appointed Chief of Police
of the City of Las Vegas to office August 1st, 1939. Salary $225.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that this meeting recessed until Friday the 28th day of July, 1939 at the hour of five
o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

there upon said meeting recessed to meet Friday July 28TH, at the hour of five o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 28th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 28th day of July, 1939	at the hour of five	o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners	Gilbert, Krause and	Corradetti City	Attorney	and	Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that warrants No. 193 and 194 for extra labor used in cleaning city streets following storm of
July 26th, 1939 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before	the Board on motion	of Commissioner	Gilbert	seconded	by

Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and	carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting adjourned.