Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple took the chair at this time.

The Board considered the application of Baker and Hazard,Inc. and Burke &

Wyatt, Inc. for rezoning of a portion of Section 21, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M. The
Planning Commission recommended that only a portion of this application be
approved, which is the North 798.87 feet of the South 988.87 feet of the East,
1,118.54 feet of the SW½ of the SE½ of Section 21 from R-E to R-1.

Commissioner Sharp moved this rezoning as recommended by the Planning Commis-
sion be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker disqualified himself from voting since
he owns this property.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 55.19 for the furnishing of
mobile radio equipment be awarded to Motorola Communications and Electronics,
the low bidder.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 55.19 be awarded to Motorola Communica-
tions and Electronics.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Jack E. Staggs for renewal of the
gaming license for the Mayfair Drug Co., 1422 Fremont for 8 slot machines for
the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following new applications for gaming license for
the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved:

DESERT SNACK CAFE	C.R. Millhizer	222 No. Main	2 slots

MEADOWS RESTAURANT	Cecil J. Meadows	1404 Fremont	3 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William F. Kee and Mar Y. Yeong
for a gaming license for the Club Louisiana, 1666 North "G" Street be held in
abeyance until the Police report is ready.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of R. Van Santen for 4 additional slot
machines at the Nevada Club, 113 Fremont for the fourth quarter of 1955 be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commission Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrant Nos. 7491 through 7961 in the net
amount of $65,571.21 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 4696 to 4826
inclusive in the amount of $39,571.90 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of October 19, 21, and 28, 1955 be ap-
proved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following partners be added to the gaming and
liquor licensees of the California Club, 105 Fremont:

Oakley Townsend	Robert Gordon

Edward Draper	M. Smith

V. Silvestri	Edward Margolis

H.J. Powers	R. Costello

Art Kostal

REZONING Z-37-55
Baker & Hazard, Inc.

&

Burke & Wyatt, Inc.



BID NO. 55.19
Radio Equipment
Award

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Renewals



New

Additional

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



LIQUOR & GAMING
LICENSES

Addition of Partners

