Jim Watkins spoke from the audience stating that his two boys attend Mrs. Mormon's
nursery and he thought the point of this whole hearing was being missed and that the
question was what should she have done with this child when she did break out with
chicken pox.

Commissioner Whipple asked him if he thought she did the right thing and if he would
want his children exposed. Mr. Watkins replied that he would not want his children
exposed but that she did isolate the child and that personally he thought there was a
little bit of prejudice being shown.

Ramona Quam, mother of the child Debbie, spoke stating that she knew her child was not
being transported while she was sick with the chicken pox and that Mrs. Mormon had taken
  care of Debbie for two years and there would have been no other way for her to do other
than to have put the child in the hospital. Mrs. Quam further stated that Debbie goes
to Connie like she would to her own mother so she knew what kind of care she was getting.
Commissioner Whipple asked her who was her doctor and she replied that he was Dr. Ryan.

In reply to another question from Commissioner Whipple she stated that Debbie was at
the nursery in the isolation room when she had chicken pox.

Sid Sheppard spoke stating that the reason he was interested was because he was in
Variety and Variety Day School Nursery and that he felt there was a little prejudice
in this case. He stated that he knows Mrs. Mormon has a sharp tongue. He further
stated that in view of the rules and regulations set up by ordinance, every nursery
should be called upon the carpet.

He stated he had checked the nurseries and the feeling of the Child Welfare Board and
Mrs. Mormon has the feeling she is being picked on. He said he knew she had made a
mistake and that every nursery in town had made a mistake. He stated that he had offered
his services to the Child Welfare Board and he thought there was room for improvement and
that he would like to help and he believed that personalities are being entered into.

His Honor Mayor Baker stated that he has every confidence in the Child Welfare Board that
has been appointed and that he did not believe they have any bad feeling toward Connie
Mormon. He said maybe the ordinance should be changed but as for the flaunting of what
this board is trying to do, he thought it incumbent on the people to try and change the
thing rather than fight it.

Mr. Sheppard again asserted that he thought personalities entered into it and His Honor
stated that he would like to know what it was. Mr. Sheppard stated that he was for the
Child Welfare Board and that he believed that with the personality that had entered into
it, there had been a petition put out by one of the Board. He further stated that he
thought Mrs. Mormon should be given all the consideration. With regard to the rules and
regulations he thought a copy of all of the standards should be sent to every nursery so
they could know how to operate. He stated Mrs. Mormon is standing alone and feels she
is being picked on and if this could be cleared up everything would be fine.

Mrs. Jean Ayoub spoke stating that she would like to address her remarks to Commissioner
Fountain. She stated that her boy has a malformation of the brain and that she had been
told he would never walk or talk and that she wouldn't dream of taking him out of Mrs.
Mormon's nursery. She stated that Mrs. Mormon doesn't give him any particular attention
and that she entered him in the nursery for discipline because she had spoiled him during
his illness. At first she was skeptical because her little boy was so badly spoiled. She
further stated that her son had made wonderful progress under Mrs. Mormon's care, and that
Mrs. Mormon refused extra compensation and that child care was her code and child care was
what she gave. She said that there is no such thing as two women not being able to rub
each other the wrong way, and that she hoped the Child Welfare Board would work something
out for these children who are happy in these nurseries.

Commissioner Fountain referred to Sid Sheppard's remarks and stated that he felt that Mrs.
Mormon had a complex and felt that she was being persecuted and it was a question of
working the thing out.

Mr. Sheppard asked why it was that five nurseries have fear of the Child Welfare Board and
that their operators would speak if they were called upon. He again stated that he would
like to get on the Child Welfare Board himself to do some good.

Jack Pursel spoke again stating that he has no prejudice against Mrs. Mormon and that he
had been in her nurseries on several occasions and that the physical set-ups are the
finest. He said that the objective of this Board is to foster nurseries, not to close
their doors and that cooperation of the operators is necessary. He stated that no one
on this Board received any personal enrichment, they simply devoted this time as a 
community service and everyone faithfully attempted to do a good job. He stated that mistakes
may be made but that any office might make mistakes based on no faults or prejudice which
if they existed he had not seen them. He stated that it was somewhat painful to have members
of this Board called liars and that is about what some of these statements have amounted to.
He felt that they had gotten off the track on the subject of transporting this child back
and forth and that there was another child in and out of the room who was in contact with
other children. His interest was the same as the parents who were present and that was to
protect children from being subjected to disease and new children being admitted. He
further stated that he did not know of any prejudice whatsoever and did not know why any
nurseries have fear of the Child Welfare Board and they are always willing to have anyone
come to their meetings and discuss their problems with them and see that nursery facilities
are provided and children protected.

Mr. Christensen stated he believed that Mrs. Mormon had been cited for certain infractions
of the operation of her nurseries and that she had refused to cooperate and was antagonistic
with the Child Welfare people. He further stated that she had broken a few rules here;
however, he believed this did not truthfully portray an undercurrent that existed and that
it was no secret from the Child Welfare Board and that on occasions Connie Mormon had been
critical of the Child Welfare Officer appointed by the Commission. Further that her attitude
was a personal one trying to correct something in a case where she thought she was wronged.
Other nurseries had been opened that were not required to come up to the standards as set
forth. He stated that she probably had made some mistakes as her personality is not the
easiest to get along with. He was of the belief that this fine child nursery facility
should not be closed. He stated he was sure that Mrs. Mormon had learned in the past two
weeks since she was cited to appear that she had talked too much, too hard, saying the wrong
things to the wrong people. He stated that the action should probably be to reprimand Mrs.
Mormon and inform her that she will have to cooperate with the Child Welfare Board and not

4-15-49