MINUTES

 

PAYROLL WARRANTS

 

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

DESERT PARK SUBDIVISION
Final Map

 

REZONING - Public Hearing
Date Set

 

NOTICE OF SALE -
Biltmore Bonds

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED
Desert Lane

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 7, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of December, 1949 was called
to order at the hour of 3:25 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager George

O. Treem and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	City Attorney Howard W. Cannon.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of November 22, 1949 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1093 to 1095 inclusive in the net
sum of $27,010.21 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1879-17, 1879-20, 1880-2,
1880-8, 1880-l4, 1880-21, 1881-5, 1881-12, l88l-l4 and 1882 in the total amount of
$39,629.24 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore .and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the Final Map of Desert Park Subdivision be referred to
the Regional Planning Commission with the recommendation that the center line on 6th
Street be made to conform.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission as contained in their letter of December 6, 1949, the request for the rezoning 
of the Northwest Quarter of the Southeast Quarter of Section 3, T. 21 S., R. 61 E., M. D.

B. & M. from "RE" to "R1" be considered at a public hearing on January 6, 1950; further
that the City Clerk be instructed to publish the proper notice of this public hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following Notice of Sale of the Bonds for -the Bilt-
more Street Lighting Improvement District be approved and the date for the opening of
bids be set for January 10, 1950.

NOTICE OF SALE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
BILTMORE STREET LIGHTING IMPROVEMENT BONDS
SERIES JANUARY 1, 1950

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will, on the 10th day
of January, 1950 at the hour of 3:00 P.M. at the City Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada, receive sealed bids, and
publicly open same, for the purchase of City of Las Vegas Improvement Bonds in the aggregate principal
amount of $12,528.56 to be designated Las Vegas Biltmore Street Lighting Improvement Bonds. Twelve of
said bonds will be of the denomination of $1,000 each, and one bond of the denomination of $528.56, and
all of said bonds shall bear interest at the rate of not more than 7% per annum, payable semi-annually
January 1 and July 1 of each year, both principal and interest being payable at the office of the City
Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada, to mature serially in ten (10) annual instalments; $528.56 on January
1, 1951: $1,000. in each of the years January 1, 1952 to January 1, 1957, and $2,000 in each of the
years January 1, 1958 to January 1, 1960, all inclusive.

Bidders are required to submit a bid or bids, specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and
premium, if any, above par at which the bidders will purchase said bonds, or (b) the lowest rate of
interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. Bidders may submit a bid or bids for
all or a part of the issue. If the City makes an award to. more, than one bidder, it will average the
maturities as between bidders. The bonds will be sold to the bidder or bidders making the best bid,
subject to the right of the City Officials to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will any discount
or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be sealed and, except the
bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified
check, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the success-
ful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following
the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall be. forfeited to the City of Las Vegas and,
in that event, the corporate authorities of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next
best bid; or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may readvertise said bonds for sale. If
there be two or more equal bids, and such bids are the best bids received and are not less than par
and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will determine which bid shall be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried
unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted and order made: