CEMETERY BOARD	    Commissioner Bates moved that the Board of City Commissioners approve

RECOMMENDATION	the recommendations of the Cemetery Board, in accordance with their

APPROVED	minutes of December 9, and that said minutes be incorporated in these

minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

"MINUTES OP THE LAS VEGAS CEMETERY BOARD

A meeting of the City Cemetery Board was held at the residence of H. S. Deadrich,
Dec. 9th, 1943. Those present were Henry Deadrich, H. B. Hoover, Albert C. 

Melton, also Commissioner W. B. Bates.

Motion was made by Hoover and seconded by Melton that this Board recommend
to the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners, and to become effective Jan. 1,
1944 the following:	'That the price for opening and closing standard graves

be $12.00, graves for vaults and to be cemented $15.00, county graves $10.00,
baby graves $6.00.' 'All concrete work in cementing caskets $35.00. For
setting up, taking down and storing lowering devise $5.00 for each time used.' 

That no lot or lots be sold except through the sexton, and that no blocks of	

lots be sold, and no lots be sold to individuals other than family needs."

Motion was made by Melton seconded by Hoover that no headstones be placed or
set up in new section of cemetery above level of ground.

No further business appearing the meeting adjourned.

Respectfully submitted,

/S/ Albert C. Melton_________

Sec."

At this time City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. arrived.

GRAVEL SALE PRICE     Commissioner Smith moved that gravel from the City pits be sold from pit

to prospective purchasers at a rate of $0.35 per yard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POUNDMASTER	   Commissioner Smith moved that the Poundmaster be requested to make a report

each day and the Finance Commissioner be authorized to work out a system of
fees covering the collection and feeding of animals and to turn such fees to
the City Clerk daily. Further, that all feed be purchased through the
Purchasing Agent.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SEWER DISPOSAL PLANT  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be authorized to draw up a
FARM LAND LEASE	lease between the City of Las Vegas and M. E. Leavitt and Wes Neeley for the

City owned property at the new disposal plant covering the use of the land
and water as heretofor.advertised for bid, and that the lease be on the same
terms as submitted in their bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CONTRACT ADRIAN      Commissioner Bates moved that the Board resind that certain motion made
WILSON	December 7th, reading as follows, "Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor

and City Clerk be authorized to sign the contract with Mr. Adrian Wilson
when he submits preliminary plans and sketches satisfactory to the planning
commission for the erection of the proposed Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner
Clark voted no.”

The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.	 

Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign
a contract between Adrian Wilson, architect, and the City for the erection of
a Fire Station when plans satisfactory to the Mayor and City Commissioners are
submitted by Adrian Wilson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BOARD MEETING	    Commissioner Clark moved that beginning the year 1944, the City Commission

TIME CHANGED	meet on the 7th and 22nd of each month at the hour of 2:00 P. M. and further,

that if any of these dates should fall on a Saturday or holiday that the
meeting be held the day prior thereto.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.