that he felt that Las Vegas has the opportunity to accomplish a great
deal with this program that will undoubtedly be followed by other cities.

Commissioner Sharp said that he would like to reiterate all that had been
said by the Mayor and Commissioner Bunker, and that he hoped that the
group would feel free to call on him at any time for assistance.

The Commission pointed out that the Youth Advisory Council would un-
doubtedly like to meet with the Juvenile officers of the City, the
Chief of Police, the Director of Public Safety and other employees that
could supply them with information and explain various problems that
arise. The Council was advised that the City Manager could arrange for
these people to meet with the Council whenever they desired.

Commissioner Bunker expressed that thought that perhaps the recent Youth
Forum conducted by the Las Vegas Sun would be of help along with the re-
port from the American Municipal Association on "How Cities Control Juv-
enile Delinquency", in setting up objectives of the Youth Advisory Council.

It was also brought out that the City is working along with the School
system in an attempt to install park facilities adjacent to schools,
so that during the vacation periods, these same facilities can be utilized
by the Recreation Department. It was pointed out that Commissioner Sharp
had been working closely with the School in this regard, and could supply
any additional information the Youth Advisory Council might need.

Thereafter the Board of Commissioners left this meeting to give the Youth
Advisory Council an opportunity to commence their organization.

The Board of Commissioners reconvened at the hour of 9:20 P.M. in the
Council Chambers of the City Hall, with all members present except City
Manager Kennedy, City Attorney Cannon and Commissioner Fountain.

At this time the Commission considered reports that alcoholic beverages
are reportedly being served at two package liquor stores, where such sale
is prohibited by ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Lester Goldring owner of The Pub, 1216
South Main Street and M. C. Britton owner of the Western Liquor Store,

6 E. Charleston be notified to appear at the next regular meeting on
September 4, 1957 to show cause why their package liquor licenses should
not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be requested to prepare a re-
solution commemorating L. B. "Tutor" Scherer for the contributions he made
to the City of Las Vegas, said resolution to be presented at the next re-
gular meeting of the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple.

Discussion was held on drainage problems of the City which were emphasized
by the excessive rainfall this week. The Commission indicated that de-
finite steps should be taken to alleviate this situation and it was sug-
gested that the State and Federal officials be contacted to discuss the
matter.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of
9:45 P.M. Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor 

LIQUOR LICENSEES
Cited to Show Cause
on License
Revocation

RESOLUTION -
Commemoration
L. B.,Scherer

STORM DRAIN
FACILITIES