

early and favorable action be taken to the end that H.R. 49 providing
for the status of statehood in the Territory of Hawaii be passed by
the said Senate; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that these resolutions be spread on
the records of this Board and that copies thereof be forwarded to the
respective Mayors of principal cities of the United States in the hope
and trust that they individually and in concert with their municipal
governments will supplement our appeal by voicing their support of
this resolution in communications directed to the said United States
Senate; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that duly authenticated copies of
this resolution be sent to the delegate in Congress from Hawaii and
to the Statehood Commission of the Territory.



WHEREAS, the claim of Hawaii to the right of statehood appeals to this Board
as being just and equitable, and worthy of favorable consideration by the Congress
of the United States of America, now, therefore, be it

RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 22nd day of April, 1948, that it
respectfully urge upon the Senate of the United States the early passage of H.R. 49
providing for the status of statehood for the Territory of Hawaii, and be it

FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to the President
of the United States, to the president of the Senate of the United States, and to
each member of the Senate of the United States from the State of Nevada, and that
the members of the Senate of the United States representing the State of Nevada
be respectfully urged to actively support said legislation.

	

			E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor

Helen Scott Reed____________

city Clerk

——*oOo--—

RESOLUTION NO. 116

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of July, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 1st day of March, 1948, 

executed by Earl A. Honrath, Frances Pauline Kelly, and John Kelly, her husband, to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and
is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the
records of this Board.

-——oOo——

RESOLUTION NO. 117

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of August, 1948 by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5th day of August, 1948 

executed by Mastercraft Homes, Inc. to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

——oOo——

RESOLUTION NO. 118

WHEREAS, Emergency Ordinance No. 353, duly adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas on April 23, 1948, provided for and authorized the issuance and public sale by the
City of Las Vegas of its negotiable coupon bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $350,000.00
to finance the construction of a sewage disposal plant; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to said ordinance, said bonds were offered for public sale on the 27th
day of May , 1948; and

WHEREAS, no bids for the purchase of said bonds were received on the 27th day of May, 1948,
or on the subsequent dates to which the sale was from time to time continued; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined and does hereby determine that said bonds
should be reoffered at public sale.