NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- John L. Russell Mayor and to Commissioners

Joe S Ronnow, C.V.T.Gilbert, Herb Krause and
Al Corradetti of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office, Monday the 28th day of
October 1940 at	the hour of seven thirty	P.M. to consider and act upon	the following	business:

1. To consider the installation of water	mains of	the Las Vegas	Land &	Water Company	in the public

properties of the City of Las Vegas.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service of the
foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	A. Corradetti	C.V.T.Gilbert	Herb Krause

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of	a Special Meeting of the	Board of	Commissioners	of the	City of Las Vegas held on

the 28th day of	October 1940 at the hour	of seven	thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

The purpose of this meeting being the consideration of the installation of water mains of the
Las Vegas Land & Water Company, and Mr. Bracken and Mr. Folger of the Las Vegas Land ana Water Com-
pany together with Mr. Taylor, a consulting engineer being the Board at once entered into a discussion of
the business for which this meeting was called.	of

After some discussion on this matter and a thorough explanation of the kinds pipe and
pipe joints to be used The members of the Board of Commissioners were unanimous in their approval of
the materials to be used by the Las Vegas Land & Water Company.

The business being concluded for which this meeting was call the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1940.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of November 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of recessed regular meetings of October 16th and 17th read and approved as read,
also minutes of a Special meeting of October 28th, 1940.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase the compressor now in use and rented from the Motor Supply Co.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Warrants No. 416 to 425 be allowed with the exception of Nos 421-2 and 421-5 

and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same. Warrants Nos 421-2 and 421-3 to be released and signed
at such time as Commissioner Gilbert and City Attorney Austin would file an itemized account of
their expenditures on a trip to Carson City Oct 51st, which said warrants covers the cost thereof.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause voting aye. Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti passing
their vote and His Honor the Mayor voting no "because the demand is not made out by Harry H Austin
and C.V.T. Gilbert to whom the check is made payable and that no itemized statement is attached to
the demand to show what the money was spent for."

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the claim of C.D. Baker for surveying services at the Western Air Express airport in the sum
of $30.00 be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved ana carried
that a taxi license be granted to W M Healey to be used from a lot at 308 No 8th St.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.