OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 1st, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, held on
the 1st day of July, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor,
J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, W.H. Elwell and O.E. Smith, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of

the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

Applications were received form D.G. Lorenzi and Jas. H. Down for permission to give
public displays of fireworks on the evening of July 5th, 1926, the display by D.G. Lorenzi to
be given at Lorenzi Lake, and the display by Jas. H. Down to be given at and on the property
commonly known as the Stewart Ranch, and on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy, it was ordered that the Clerk and Mayor issue permits to the above named
persons granting them leave to give public displays of fireworks at the times and places
stated. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor,
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Las Vegas upon the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes. none.

It appearing to the Board that the celebration of Independence Day (July 4th) by the
discharge of fireworks within the City of Las Vegas would endanger the safety of said City,
and

It further appearing that already there are fireworks being discharged daily with-
in said City of Las Vegas, thereby endagering the safety of said City,

Now therefore BE IT RESOLVED that an emergency exists within the City of Las Vegas
and that this Board take some action to preserve the safety of said city against the dangers
above recited. Said Resolution was thereupon adopted on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded
by Commissioner Smith, and adopted upon the following vote; Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell,
and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST: Thereupon the Clerk read Ordinance No. 118, entitled "An Ordinance for the regulation

of the use of fire works in the City of Las Vegas prohibiting firing or discharging any fire-

	

works within the City without a permit granted by the Board of City Commissioners, and providing

penalties for the violation hereof, and the same was passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance

on motion of Commissioners Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, sad upon the following vote:

Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.