The requests of June Faulkner and Walt E. Sours for reduction of the solicitors license
fees were turned over to the City Manager for handling.

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is the kind of community that we can all
be proud of and the primary credit for this lies with its many public-spirited citizens; and

WHEREAS, since coming to Las Vegas in early 1954, Joe W. Brown has generously
responded to countless appeals for help from civic organizations for community projects; and

WHEREAS, he has undertaken a project to drill for oil in the Las Vegas
Valley for the purpose of determining if there is oil in the area and to stimulate the
development of new industry in the area if such is found; and

WHEREAS, the people of the City of Las Vegas and surrounding areas have
benefited by his actions and unselfish devotion to community development;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of November, 1956, that
said City, by this resolution, expresses its gratitude and appreciation to Joe W. Brown
for his interest and participation in community betterment projects thereby helping to
insure to the citizens of Las Vegas a better community in which to live.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to spread a copy of this resolution on the Minutes of the Books of said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to send a copy of this resolution to Mr. Joe W. Brown.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the U. S. Army Engineers to lease 80 acres
of City land adjacent to the Lake Meade Base.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be held in abeyance for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of City Engineer Wade for change of position
of two of his personnel who are registered engineers. Mr. Kennedy stated that these
employees are valuable to the staff and the City is in danger of losing them to higher
paying positions, and recommended that this request be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that David Kennedy be changed to the Position
of Civil Engineer on Schedule 29, Step 1 and Frank Schleppenbach changed to the posi-
tion of Office Engineer on Schedule 32, Step 1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that proposals for the 4th and Stewart Street
parking lot have been received from Steve Kostelac and Western Parking Service and will
be forwarded to the parking lot committee composed of Commissioners Sharp and Fountain
for their study.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the extension of time granted to the Humane Society
to present a proposal for the operation of the pound and the enforcement of the animal
ordinances expires on November 15th and to this time no firm proposal has been received,
but they have been notified to have it in no later than November 5th. Mr. Kennedy further
reported that in all possibility the City will continue the management and take the
necessary steps to correct and set this up as a department.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be instructed to notify Palm Memorial Chapel
that as of this time they are on a cash payment basis with the City for cemetery lots and
service, and the City Attorney instructed to proceed to collect the delinquent account
of this firm.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Not voting:
Commissioner Bunker, Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
Meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTIONS

RESOLUTION -
Joe W. Brown

GOVERNMENT LEASE
OF LAND

ENGINEERING PERSONNEL

PARKING LOT PROPOSALS

ANIMAL SHELTER
PALM MEMORIAL CHAPEL