City Engineer Wade reported that the Jubilee Tract subdivision has been completed and re-
commended that it be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer that
the Jubilee Tract be accepted and the performance bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that Morning View Heights No. 1 subdivision has
been completed and recommended that it be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer that
Morning View Heights No. 1 be accepted and the performance bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the construction of a drainage channel through an easement
obtained from the Southern Nevada Disposal Company at 1300 North A Street.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Engineer be authorized to proceed with the design
and preparation of the preliminary plans for the installation of this drainage channel.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer Wade presented the proposal of V. C. Mendenhall, contractor for the installation
of paving in Assessment District No. 100-36, to extend the pavement on C,D,E,F,G, and H
Streets to meet the existing pavement on West Bonanza Road. Mr. Wade explained that this
improvement was originally omitted due to the fact that short sections are on the State
Highway right-of-way. Mr. Wade reported that the cost of this improvement would be $2,079.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this proposal for the extension of pavement on C,D,E,F,G, and
H Streets to meet the existing pavement on West Bonanza Road at a cost of $2,079.00 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer Wade made a report at this time on the well for the Rehabilitation Farm
and requested permission to proceed with a storage tank for drinking water. Mr. Wade
stated that the laboratory analysis of the water from the existing well indicated that
treatment of the water for domestic use would not be economical. The Commission requested
the City Engineer to make a further study of this matter and report back at a later time.

The Commission considered the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for an extension of the contract
they have with the City for street repair.

Commissioner Fountain moved this contract be extended for a period of 180 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the request from the Fish and Wildlife Service to use City
water for domestic purposes from City Well No. 109 located near the Golf Course.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Forrest Leinenwever for a portion of
West Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of September, 1956; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 23rd
day of August, 1956, executed by Forrest Leinenwever and Sadie S. Leinenwever, husband and
wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Elwin C. Leavitt for a portion of West
Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of September, 1936, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 21st day
of August, 1936, executed by Elwin C. Leavitt and Mildred H. Leavitt husband and wife to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and

that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

JUBILEE TRACT
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
No. 1

Acceptance and Release
of Bond

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
North A Street
Drainage Channel

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36

Extension of Pavement

REHABILITATION FARM
WELL

STREET REPAIR
CONTRACT

USE OF CITY WELL
Fish & Wildlife

Service



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Forrest Leinenwever
West Charleston

Elwin Leavitt
West Charleston