Office of City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

July 5th, A.D. 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 5th day of July A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor With Commissioners Hicks
and Elwell, Commissioners Ball and Matzdorf being absent on account of sickness.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and placed on file with the Clerk of this Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Al Clark appeared before the Board relative to the water question in the Mc Williams
townsite to the City of Las egas Nevada, requesting that the Board take some action as the means of
raising money for the purpose of procuring water for said townsite, whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be turned over to the City Attorney
H.M. Lillis with instructions that he look into the question and report back to this Board at its
next regular meeting to be held in August, 1916.

At this time the City Attorney Attorney presented to the Board a copy of a letter as written
by him to the Las Vegas Land and water Co. relative to the sanitary condition of the water as
furnished to the City of Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon it was after due consideration upon the part
of the Board ordered that said letter be placed on file with the Clerk of this Board.

This being the time for the second reading of the ordinance regulating the Auto traffic in said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and it appearing to the Board that all members of said Board are not
present it was then upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this matter go over until
the next regular meeting of this Board on the 2nd, day of August A.D. 1916.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of Henry Squires and Andy Smith
for a transfer of retail liquor license where upon it appearing to the Board that a bona-fide sale
and transfer has taken place by and between Andy Smith and Henry Squires it was upon motion of
Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that a transfer of license be
and the same is hereby granted in the name of Henry Squires to conduct a retail
Liquor establishment establishment in the building known as the Squires Hotel Bar situated on first

street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada. the vote being as follows towit; Hicks Aye. Elwell, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being first duly made a
and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called sooner together by a special call of the Mayor.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.
July 17th, 1916.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, called by the Mayor of said City Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
Hicks and Elwell with the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

The Clerk then read the call as issued by the Mayor of said City. as follows towit;

"Las Vegas, Nevada, July 12th, 1916.

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

This is to notify you that I have this 12th day of July issued a call for a meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to be held on the 15th