County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio
Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within one week after said, special assess-
ment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand; provided, that
all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner, be paid in
installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment,
or any part thereof, within said period of one week shall be conclusively considered and
held an election on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or other-
wise, to pay in such installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the
unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten
substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which installments of
principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of October. 1952, and the re-
mainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same
day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid
and deferred installments of principal from the 1st day of October. 1951, at the same rate
of interest as that provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized,
sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum,payable
annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of in- 
terest being due and payable on the said 1st day of October. 1952, and the remainder of
said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of. October in
each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest,
when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable imme-
diately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter
draw interest at the rate of ten per centum per annum,until the day of sale, but at any
time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments,
with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall
thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner
as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any
installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with in-
terest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll
of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of
Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized
and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a
special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said
County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and
at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected, except as herein specifically
provided.

Section 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when
collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assess-
ment District No. 100-6 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all times
constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the
special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized,
sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said
improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment' for the improvements for which
said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds
and the interest thereon is fully paid.

Section 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved,
said Ex-officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio.
City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment roll, by United States of America
mail, that an assessment has been levied against said person and the designated property in
said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-6, and shall state therein when and
where said assessment is due and payable.

Section 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this
ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, di-
rected toward the paving, curbing, guttering and otherwise improving certain streets and parts
streets in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-6, toward the creation of
said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire
cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts
of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances,in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby
repealed.

Section 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of
this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair of invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be con-
fined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,clauses or parts of this ordinance
so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section,
sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect
or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas
are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that
it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is here-
by declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive
weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal,