Richmond by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, the said adjucts to cost and to be reasonable
worth the sum of Fifty-Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) and to complete the same and the whole
thereof and have it and them available and in actual operation for the accomodation of guests
on or before September 1, 1928; and, it is provided in said proposed agreement that in order
to insure the construction of said hotel and adjuncts upon said premises, so proposed to be
conveyed to said A. L. Richmond, as aforesaid, be, the said A. L. Richmond shall on or before
thirty days from the date of the execution and delivery of said agreement, deliver to the said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company a good and sufficient bond in the penal sum of Fifty Thousand
($50,000.00) with sureties to be approved by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, conditioned
on and requiring the performance of said agreement, and

WHEREAS, in order to fully consummate the arrangement contemplated by and embraced in said
proposed agreement, it is necessary that said City of Las Vegas and County of Clark re-convey the

above-described Public park to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board and is so found and determined by this Board that
the maintenance by said City, either solely, or in connection with such co-owner, the said
County of Clark, of such public park for the purposes specified in the instrument or instruments
of donation and dedication, as aforesaid, under the conditions prescribed by and contained in
said deed of donation and dedication as aforesaid, is unnecessarily burdensome upon said City,
and that such re-conveyance of the said premises, so held by said City and County, to said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company, to facilitate and make possible the consummation of the said
proposed agreement and arrangements and the construction and operation of said hotel and
adjuncts, will be advantageous to said city and its citizens,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a deed of re-conveyance, without warranty, on behalf
of said City of said Public Park, as hereinabove more particularly described, shall be and is

hereby ordered and directed to be made of all the right, title and interest of said City of

Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company; that such deed of re-conveyance on behalf of
said City shall be executed under the hand of the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, and attested
by the City Clerk thereof under the seal of said City; that such deed of re-conveyance may be
made, as aforesaid, either in conjunction with a deed executed by the County of Clark or

separately; that in such deed of re-conveyance the right shall be specifically reserved to said

City, either separately or in conjunction with the said County of Clark, to remove the

improvements from said public park within Sixty days from the date of such deed, so executed

by and on behalf of said City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said deed of re-conveyance shall not be delivered by the said
Mayor and City Clerk, who are hereby empowered to make delivery of said deed of re-conveyance,
until the said proposed agreement, substantially in the form and substance as above mentioned,
has been entered into between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond, and
further , that in such agreement is not entered into between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company
and said A. L. Richmond, substantially in the form and substance as above mentioned within thirty
days from this eighth day of February, 1927, then this Resolution and all the papers thereof shall
ipso facto become imperative, null and void.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Mundy, Elwell, Smith, and his Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes None.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, by Resolution duly adopted at this meeting, held on the 8th day of February, 1927
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have authorized the Mayor and City
Clerk to execute and deliver to Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, a deed of re-
conveyance of what was denominated therein as "Public Park" the premises embraced therein
being more particularly described in said Resolution, to which reference is hereby had and
made, and