Las Vegas, Nevada

March 14, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this l4th day of
March, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 4.15 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Engineer	George E.Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

Asst.City Mgr.	Robert W.Notti

Also Present:

Lauren Gibbs
George H.Albright
Hershel Trumbo
Lysle May

Discussion was held on the proposed Convention Hall and the plan for
retiring the bonds. Mr.George Albright advised the Commission that
it was proposed to derive sufficient revenue from additional tax on
the hotels, motels and gambling and liquor establishments to take
care of the bond retirement.

Mr. Lauren Gibbs stated that the entire County has been zoned as
follows:

Zone #1 - Strip area

Zone #2 - Las Vegas

Zone #3 - North Las Vegas

Zone #4 - Boulder Highway to Boulder City

Zone #5 - Highway within 30 miles

Zone #6 - Remainder of the County

He stated that it is anticipated that 70% of the revenue will be de-
rived from Zone #1, 20% from Zone #2 and 5% from the remaining zones.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be
adopted in support of the program of the Fair and Recreation Board:

		RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the Board of City Commissioners recognize the need of a
Convention Hall In the vicinity of Las Vegas as an added stimulus to
the economy of the area; and

WHEREAS, a County Fair and Recreation Board has been created in ac-
cordance with the State Law for the purpose of holding a bond election
and establishing a Convention Hall; and

WHEREAS, the said County Fair and Recreation Board has represented
that the proposed payment to be required for retirement of bonds for
said Convention Hall will be obtained solely from increased license fees
to establishments maintaining rooms, liquor establishments and gambling
establishments; and

WHEREAS, it is represented by said County Fair and Recreation Board
that ordinances would be required within the zone comprising the City of
Las Vegas to raise approximately 20% of the total increase of fees re-
quired to service the Bonds,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners
that the proposed bond election and bond issue for the purpose of con-
structing a Convention Hall and recreational facilities be wholeheartedly
supported by this Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Board goes on record as being
opposed to any general levy increase of the tax rate in the County for
the purpose of servicing said bonds or any part thereof unless funds
cannot be received from any other source.

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CONVENTION HALL