OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

	CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 6th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
6th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Monies received for the month of Jan. 1930 as follows:

$4781.50 Licenses, Plumbing, Electrical, Bldg. Inspectors fees, Cemetery.

1091.00	Fines from Municipal Court.

5872.50	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows;

85.00	Cemetery

97.50	W. S. and L.

2000.00	General.

3690.00	Police and Fire.

5872.50

$2,000.00 transferred to General Fund. Money transferred 11-7-29 from General.

794.62	" from General Fund to Street Paving Bond Interest Fund.

T.	J. Lawrence from Los Angeles, representative of Artesian Park Estates was present,
and protested the removal of the segregated district to the Boul Tract.

A letter from Phillips and Hambaugh, Realty Corporation of Los Angeles, was read to
the Board. The letter was in the form of a protest to the moving of the segregated district
to the Boul Tract.

A letter from C. H. Utley asking that the Board of Commissioners reinburse him for the
lost of clothing he suffered while aiding the Volunteer fire department in fighting the fire
in the Elwell building the night of December 25th, 1929. Said Letter was referred to the Police
and Fire Commissioner.

The Clerk was instructed to write the Chamber of Commerce, and acknowledge the receipt
of their letter of January 29th, 1930.

"An Ordinance regulating the practice of civil engineering and surveying in the City of
Las Vegas, providing for the examination, registration and licensing of persons engaged in the
same, creating an examination board, and providing for the violation thereof," was read to the
Board for a first time, and laid over for a second reading.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, that the previous
reading of an ordinance entitled "An Ordinance prescribing the location of houses of ill-fame
hurdy-gurdy houses, bawdy houses and any and all places to which persons resort for lewd, or
lascivious purposes, or for the purposes of lewdness or prostitution, prescribing punishment
for the violation of this ordinance, and other matter relating there to,'' be rescinded, and read
for a first time this date; Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners German, Hansell
and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon said Ordinance was read for a first time, and laid over for a second reading.

Mr. Royale of the Nevada Labor Commission appeared before the Board, and ask the Board to
contribute a sum of money each month to help maintain a "Free Employment Bureau" in the City of
Las Vegas. Mr. Russell, and Mr. Duffill also appeared before the Board on behalf of the Labor
Commission.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until February 7th 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 7th day of February 1930 at the hour of three O'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, and German together with the City Attorney
and Clerk,, and Assessor.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

This being the time set for the hearing of protests against the assessments on lots in the
City of Las Vegas District No. 2, for defraying by special assessments that portions of the costs
to be paid by lot owners for the construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements- Durite Process un-
der Ordinance No. 151 of the City of Las Vegas, and the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City being
present with the Board and no protests being made either orally or in writing.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered that said
assessment Roll No. 151 created for the construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavement- Durite Process-
in accordance with Ordinance No. 151 of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby confirmed
by the Board of City Commissioners on this 7th day of February 1930, and that the City Clerk shall
make and endorsement upon said roll showing the date and fact of confirmation, as required by Charter
and thereupon deliver same to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio assessor, with her certificate
of such confirmation and of the date thereof, and said County assessor, acting ex-officio assessor
shall there upon record such assessment roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
the date of such recording. It is further ordered that such assessments be and are hereby made pay-
able upon this approval.