At this time the Clerk read before the Board Ordinance No. 61 of said City for the second read-
ing entitled:- " An Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance No. Twenty seven (27) entitled
" An ordinance fixing the Fire milits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction
and the keeping and storage of combustibles and Explosives."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:— as appears more fully
in ordinance book number one of said City entitled an ordinance No. 61 of said City, whereupon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded
by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be and the same is hereby passed
and the Clerk of this Board is instructed to have same published as by law provided. the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of making the final tax levy for the year 1915 coming on before the Board and
after due consideration upon the part of the Boars it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded 

by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered that the following be levied paid and collected
for the year 1915 for City purposes:- That the sum of Twenty four cents be levied paid and collected
for the year 1915 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated lying and being
within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines
except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be used and known as the General fund
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that An Ad Valorm tax of Thirty cents for the year



1915 be levied paid and collected on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated
lying and being within the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the next proceeds of the mines
except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the Street fund	

of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied paid and collected for the year
1915 An Ad Valorm tax of one cent on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated
lying and being within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds
of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation such tax to be known as and used as

the Cemetery fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be collected paid and levied for the year
1915, and Ad Valorm tax of Fourteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property
situated lying and being within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net
proceeds of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation said to be known as and used as
the Sewer sinking fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied and paid for the year 1915, An

Ad Valorm tax of Eleven cents on each one hundred dollars wort of taxable property situated lying

and being within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada including the net proceeds of

the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the

Sewer Bond interest fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.



The vote on the above resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell
aye , Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried

ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.