payments of the installments of interest as they fall due and to create a sinking fund to pay the
principal of said bonds at maturity, there shall be and there is hereby levied an annual tax until
principal and interest of said bonds are fully paid, sufficient to pay the annual interest on the
outstanding bonds as the installments thereof accrue, and the further sum as follows: In each of
the years 1912 to 1921, both inclusive, the further sum of $1500.00 in each of the years 1922 to
1930 the further sum of #2777.88. which amounts shall be placed in a sinking fund and shall be used
exclusively to pay the principal of said bonds at maturity. Be it further ordained that the Mayor
and City Clerk are hereby authorized to execute said bonds for and on behalf of the city substantially

in the manner and form aforesaid, and to deliver the same to American Light and water company
the purchasers thereof, upon payment of the purchase price thereof. the proceeds of the sale of
said bonds shall be placed in a special fund and shall be used exclusively for the purposes above
specified in such manner and to such extent as the Board of commissioners may by ordinance, order
or resolution from time to time direct. Be it further ordained that it is found and determined
by the Board of Commissioners that the health and welfare of the people of the City of Las Vegas make
it necessary that the sewer system be constructed at the earliest possible time, and therefore
and emergency exists, and that the unanimous consent of the entire Board of commissioners be given
that this ordinance be immediately passed and that all rules otherwise preventing its immediate
passage be and they are her by ordered suspended and that this ordinance by unanimous consent be
immediately passed. Be it further ordered that any and all firmer ordinances or resolutions
of this Board inconsistent with the forgoing are to the extent of any such inconsistency hereby
rescinded. the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance was thereupon seconded by Commissioner
W.J. Stewart and upon call of the roll the vote thereon was unanimous as follows:"Ayes" Commissioners

W.J. Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern , Von Tobel, and his honor the Mayor. "Nays" None. Thereupon



the Mayor declared said ordinance adopted. Attest: Harley A. Harmon City Clerk. Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

An oral request from the City Clerk requesting an increase in salary coming on before the Bor
Board and after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Mc Govern and
seconded by Coughlin and duly carried it was ordered that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
be allowed a Salary Of $40.00 per month instated of $25.00 per as heretofore paid by said City, the
vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye,

and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

The request of the City Attorney for books on municipal law coming on before the Board it was
upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that the said books be purchased.
the vote being cast as follows towit: Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye,
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until, the next regular meeting of the Board or at the call of the
Mayor, the vote being cast as follows towit-: Stewart aye. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, von
Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

meeting of the Board of

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 25th, 1912.

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
at the office of the City Clerk in the City of Las Vegas on this 25th, day of June 1912. in pursuance

of notice duly given:

Present: Mayor Peter Buol, presiding, and City Clerk, Harley A. Harmon acting; also Commissioners
W.J. Stewart, J.J. Coughlin, Ed Von Tobel, and Chas E. McGovern, all of whom answered present to the
roll call.

 The City Clerk read the following report and call for this special meeting, issued by the
Mayor, Peter Buol on June 25th, 1912. and the same, was ordered filed, the call being as follows: