The recommendation of A.L. Drew for the appointments to the Board of Electrical Examiners
was presented to the Board at this time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
said appointments be considered at the regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held
Wednesday the 4th day of March, 1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting. aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following licenses were
granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Safeway Stores,	Retail	Beverage Licenses.

L.L. Arnett	1	Slot	machine.

A.H. Stevenson	1	"	"

Colonial Grocery	1	"	"

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the form of easement for the highway right of way for the under pass at Clark Ave. Westside be
checked by the City Engineer before any action be taken.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward, it was moved and carried that
the Resolution passed at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of
December, 1935 reading as follows, be rescinded," On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by
Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the sum of $1.00 per month be deducted from the pay-
roll of each City employee making over the sum of $25.00 per month. Said ruling to be effective
as of the January 15th, 1936 payroll," That the following be the ruling as to the collection of
Industrial Insurance. That the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to deduct from each payroll
of a City employee making over $25.00 per month the sum in the amount as stated the the rulings
of the Nevada Industrial Commission. This amount covers medical attention and not compensation
from the Commission.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, end Ward end His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board next took under consideration the granting of permission to the Elk's Lodge for the
holding of the pr posed "Helldorado" on the City park grounds.

Commissioner Ward moved that the Elk's Lodge be given permission to hold the "Helldorado"
on the City Park grounds if a written waiver could be secured from the Las Vegas Land & Water Co.
This waiver would give the City the right to use the park ground for other purposes otherwise than
stated in the deed from the Las Vegas land & Water Co. to the City of Las Vegas.

This motion died for want of a second.

At the close of the meeting the Boy Scouts attending were given a cordial invitation to
visit the Board without waiting for Boy Scout Week.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 18th day of February, 1936 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 18th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas Clark County, Nevada, held on the 28th day of February, 1936, at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,

Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Dr. Meyers, Hr. Worswick, and Mr. Gusewelle appeared before the Board representing the
Elk's Lodge and stated to the Board that with its permission the "Helldorado" would be held
on Fremont Street between 6th and 7th Streets, in the same location as used last year.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that it met with he approval of the Board of City Commissioners and they gave their sanction
as to the holding of the "Helldorado" in the site used last year.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner Ward voting no.

Mayor Arnett assured the members of the Elk's Lodge that they would receive the co-oper-
ation of the Board of Commissioners as far as they had power to do so.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to The Vegas Sweet Shoppe.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Joe Ronnow and N. Graham of the Clark County Horsemen's Association appeared before the
Board in regard to the holding of a "Rodeo" on the race track at the City Park. This Rodeo to
be held 23-24-25-26 of April, 1936.