The Commission considered the application of Home Investment Company for reclass-
ification of the SE¼ of Section 6, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-E to R-1. This ap-
plication was approved by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of Gladys Smith, et al for the rezoning
of the N½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, from R-E to R-1. The
Planning Commission recommended this application be denied.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. William Singleton appeared on behalf of William Clark in his application for
rezoning of Lots 1 through 7, Block 10, Mayfair Tract #2 from R-4 to C-2, which
was denied by the Planning Commission. Mr. Singleton requested that Mr. Clark's
application be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of Wilbur Roesselet and Carl Johnson
for the rezoning of Lot l6, Block 22, Boulder Addition from R-4 to C-2, as approved
by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of Douglas W. MacMillan, for the re-
zoning of a portion of the W½ of the SW¼ of Section 32, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from
R-E to R-1. This application was denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Mayor Baker stepped down from the Chair and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple took over the
meeting at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Highland Square #1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Not voting, Mayor
Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mayor Baker again took over the conducting of the meeting.



The application of Kenneth M. Searles and James E. Bahan of the Anderson Dairy
for a variance to construct a building and operate the business of processing
ice cream and milk products and selling the same on property legally described
as a portion of the W½ of the NW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, lying im-
mediately South of the Woodlawn Cemetery in a C-2 zone, was considered at this
time. The Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended this application be approved
with the stipulations that there be landscaping and beautification of property
backing up to the Woodlawn Cemetery.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved subject to
the signing of an agreement to be prepared by the Director of Public Works, and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the l6th day of November, 1955; having considered the
application of Anderson Dairy to build and operate a business of processing
ice cream and milk products and selling the same on property legally described
as a portion of the W½ of the NW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application for variance;

REZONING - Z-39-55
Home Investment

REZONING - Z-40-55
Gladys Smith

REZONING - Z-41-55
William Clerk



REZONING - Z-42-55
Roesselet & Johnson

REZONING - Z-43-55
D.W. MacMillan



TENTATIVE MAP
Highland Square #1

VARIANCE - V-30-55
Anderson Dairy