His claim for Six Dollars for work performed on August 9th and 10th in the sum of $6.00 was
allowed, but his claims for work performed August, 14, 15, 17, 18, 20, 21, 28, and 29th, were rejected
upon the ground that said claims were illegal claims against the city in as much as the same were
for work that had never been performed by the said E.W. Creighton for the said City of Las Vegas
Nevada.

The matter of the supplying of sufficient water for Buck's addition having last meeting been
referred to the City Attorney for investigation the City Attorney at this time reported
to the Board that he had taken the matter up with the said Phillip Buck and that he had been
informed that they were taking the necessary steps to supply sufficient water, therefore it was
ordered by the Board that no action be taken in this matter at the present time.

At this time Frank Wait Night Policemen of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Appeared before the
Board and filed the following Complaint against Henery Squires who conducts the Squires Hotel
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.;

City of Las Vegas, )

County of Clark,	)	ss.	Complaint.

State of Nevada	)

To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;

Frank A. Wait, being first duly sworn, on oath deposes and Says :

That he is , and at all times herein mentioned was, a duly appointed, qualified and acting
City Policemen of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Affiant further says that he is informed and believes and upon such information and belief

so states the facts to be that Henry Squires, the holder of a retail Liquor dealers License from

the City of Las Vegas, has, on divers occasions prior to the making of this complaint, suffered

and allowed to be carried on upon the premises for and in respect of which said retail liquor license

has been granted and is held, Gambling, towit; Stud horse Poker, contrary to the provisions of Sec.

15 of Ordinance No. 38 of the City of Las Vegas, and particularly has allowed and permitted such

Gambling to be conducted and carried on upon said premises daring the Months of July, August, and

September, 1917.	F.A. Wait.

(seal) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of
September , 1917.

Harley A* Harmon,

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas. Nevada.

Thereupon motion of Commissioners Matzdorf, and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and Carried
it was ordered that Henry Squires be directed to appear before this Board of City Commissioners
on the Monday the 10th day of September 1917, at the hour of Ten o'clock A.M. of said Day and
show cause why his retail Liquor dealers License held from the City of Las Vegas for the year 1917.
for Hotel Squires Bar should not be revoked or suspended for allowing and permitting Gambling to be
carried on upon said premises; the vote on said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Matzdorf Aye. Ullom, Aye. and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye. Noes None.

At this time the Clerk road before the Board An Ordinance Amending ordinance 66 of the City of

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada September 5th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, and
J.M. Ullom, commissioners Ball and Elwell being absent, the Clerk and City Attorney being present
the Board then proceeded to business.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claim against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim booh on file with said City
except the claims of E.W. Creighton for Street work