VARIANCE APPLICATION
Cole Madsen

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Burt King

USE PERMIT -
Drs. Bogardus
917 Carson

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Cole Madsen for
variance to reduce the required front yard set-back of 25 feet to 20 feet on property located
between Linden and Cedar and Bruce and 19th Streets, was presented for consideration. Dis-
cussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application be approved and the following resolu-
tion adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 10th day of April, 1953, Cole Madsen filed an application with the Re-
gional Planning Commission for variance to change the required front yard set back from 25
feet to 20 feet on property located on Lots 7 to 24, Block 3 and all of Blocks 2, 6 and 7
in the Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract #1; and

WHEREAS, on May 28, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on May 28, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
inasmuch as these houses are of tract construction, and due to an error in engineering,
were inadvertently constructed with a 20 foot front yard set back; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on June 1, 1953, re-
commending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Cole Madsen be granted a Variance to change the required front yard set back from 25
feet to 20 feet on property located on Lots 7 to 24, Block 3 and all of Blocks 2, 6 and 7
in the Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract #1 be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. The following passed their votes:	Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Sharp and Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on
the application of Burt King for variance to construct and maintain a duplex at 707 South
5th Street, which will leave no rear yard setback.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this application be approved and the following resolu-
tion adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 18th day of May, 1953, Burt King filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a duplex to the alley line which
will provide no rear yard set back on property generally located on Lots 3 and 4, Block 19,
South Addition; and

WHEREAS, on	May	28, 1953,	the	Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on

this application	for	variance,	at which time no objections were raised and no communications

protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on	May	28, 1953,	the	Regional Planning Commission approved the application

inasmuch as they	did	not feel this	use would be detrimental to surrounding property values;

and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on June 1, 1953, re-
commending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Burt King be granted a Variance to construct and maintain a duplex to the alley line
which will provide no rear yard set back on property generally located on Lots 3 and 4, Block
19, South Addition be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Paul C. and
Millie Bogardus to maintain and operate a chiropractic office at 917 Carson be denied, was
considered by the Commission.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted and the following resolution be adopted:



WHEREAS, on the 7th day of May, 1953, Paul C. Goardus, D. C. and Millie H. Bogardus,

D.	C. filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission for Variance to operate
and maintain a Chiropractic Office at 917 Carson Street on property generally located be-
tween 9th and 10th Streets on Lots 17 and 18, Block 6, Pioneer Heights Subdivision; and

WHEREAS, on May 28, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on May 28, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to recommend that this
application be denied inasmuch as it felt that such a use would not be in the best interest
of the neighborhood, and in addition there were many objectors to this proposal; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on June 1, 1953, re-
commending that such variance be denied.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the application of Paul D. Bogardus, D. C. and Millie H. Bogardus, D. B. to operate
and maintain a Chiropractic Office at 917 Carson Street on property generally located be-
tween 9th and 10th on Lots 17 and 18, Block 6, Pioneer Heights Subdivision be denied, be
and the same hereby is accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

6-3-53