OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. January 7th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 7th day of January, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present
W.J. Mundy, Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners C.J. Hammond, W.H. Elwell, and O.J. Smith, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Mayor J.F. Hesse, being absent.

The minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read and there being
no omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claim of
R.E. Cowan was reduced from $200 to $40 for the reason that the Board had allowed the claim
of R.E. Lake, Jr., in the sum of $160 for salary during the absence of the said R.E. Cowan.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that
the licensee and fines for the month of December, 1925 be distributed as follows:

Licenses to the General Fund.

Fines to the Police and Fire Fund.

Voting on said motion: Commissioners Hammond, Smith and Elwell and Mayor Pro Tem, Mundy Aye.

Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to notify W.G. Fulton, agent for the Standard Oil Company that this

Board does not desire to sign any contract with the said Company.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

To the City Commissioners,

Gentlemen:

We, the undersigned, wish to call your attention
to the beauty parlor ordinance.

The license fee to conduct a beauty parlor
under this ordinance is fifteen dollars ,($15)
per quarter, which, to our belief and judgment
is excessive and against which we wish to pro-
test. We believe this part of the ordinance
should be amended, and wish to suggest that a
fee of five dollars ($5.00* per quarter
would seem to us to be more just and reasonable.

Sincerely,

Geo. Sanderson
Mrs. Quaid
Ruth A. Spindler
Mrs. Farr

Thereupon said communication was laid on the table for further consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the following
Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that the State Highway Department of Nevada be authorized to negotiate
with and purchase a right of way of S.R. Whitehead over a portion of Meadows addition to
Las Vegas for the sum of $270.00.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Elwell, Hammond and
Mayor Pro Tem, Mundy voting aye. Noes. none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond it
was ordered that the sum of $765.40 be transferred back from the Street Fund to the General
Fund, from which it was heretofore transferred during the year 1925. Voting on said motion:
Commissioners Hammond, Smith, Elwell and Mayor Pro Tem, Mundy, Aye. Noes. none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following applications for Gaming licenses to-wit:
the application of G. Lopez for two games at the Miner's Club; the application of A.T. McCarter
for three fames at the Exchange Pool Hall; the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for
four games at the Vegas Bar; the application of Lilly and James for two games at the Criterion,