114

Thereafter, Commissioner Whipple moved that Proposed Ordinance No.

334 be rejected and the city attorney instructed to draw up a
Resolution covering the appointment of a Recreation Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.

MEL SCHROEDER TRACT Commissioner Baskin moved that the Board approve the recommendation

of the Planning Commission with the following additional provisions:

1.	That the subdivider install ornamental street lighting

throughout tract as requested by the City.

2.	That the east and west boundary streets be improved in the

same manner as required for other streets in the tract except

that they shall be improved only halfwidth.

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

August 5
19 4 7

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
City Hall
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Subdivisions

Schroader Tract
Tentative Map

Gentlemen:

Transmitted herewith is a tentative map for a proposed sub-
division of Government Lot 1, Sec. 2, T21S, R6lE, M.D.B. & M.,
more generally described as that thirty-eight (38) acres of land
abutting the southerly side of Charleston Blvd. adjacent to the easterly
limits of the City of Las Vegas. A city map is enclosed to show the
general location.

On July 30, 1947, the Joint Planning Commission conditionally
approved this tentative map and transmits same, designating improve-
ments which are recommended be made by the subdivider. Other re-
quirements are also indicated which are recommended in connection
with approval of the final subdivision map.

CONDITIONS

1.	Streets

a.	Street right of way on east boundary of this
tract to be forty (40) ft. (one-half of
ultimate eighty (80) ft. right of way.)

Combine interior north-south streets into
one street as designated in tentative map
attached.

b.	Graded and surfaced to widths as indicated
on map, thirty-six (36) ft. minimum paving
width, curb to curb.

c.	Curbs and gutters - concrete, "L" type.

d.	Driveways, provision should be made for
driveways extending from the street pavement
to garage including approved surfacing where
driveways may slope to street, and in all
cases between curb and property line. Where
there is no garage such driveways should be
provided at least to the building line or
any car port or automobile storage space be-
hind said building line.

e.	Street improvements designated shall include
the improvement of the local street or service
drive on Charleston Blvd. abutting the northerly
boundary of this tract.

f.	Street trees - if planted by the developer
shall be of approved hardy, uniform variety,
planted along all streets at intervals of not
less nor more than forty (40) ft. (except where
such interval may be varied due to driveways,
etc.)

g.	City engineer to approve all profiles, cross
sections and construction specifications.

2.	Sidewalks

a.	Concrete - Four (4) ft. minimum width located
one (1) ft. from property line.

3.	Utilities

All lots improved shall be served with: