GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Location
Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses he approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses:

Pete's Cafe	134 L.V.Blvd.S.	Badger Enter.	3	Slots

Atomic Liquors	917 Fremont	J.J.Parker Co.	1	Slot

Jerry's Liquor	1311 E.Chrlstn.	J.J.Parker Co.	1	Slot

Store

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The next matter to come before the meeting was the application of
Blaine Beckwith to change the location of his liquor license from the
Mayfair Liquor Store, at 1418 Fremont, to 2236 E. Fremont.

Attorney Herbert M. Jones, representing Sallie's Liquor Store at
2120 E. Charleston Boulevard, protested to the granting of this
change of location. It was Mr. Jones' contention there were too
many bars and liquor stores in the area now. He reminded the
Commission he had objected to the granting of a liquor license to
Mr. Levy, who operates the Lucky Liquor Store at 2002 E. Charleston
Boulevard, about a year ago, and called the Commission's attention
to all the liquor stores and bars on E. Charleston, mentioning
specifically O'Briens, the liquor store near Safeway's, operated by
Mr. Holts, Thriftimart, Lucky Club, Bank Club, Green Shack, Troy's
Club, Fritzie's and the Saddle Club (the latter three being on
Boulder Highway). Mr. Jones stated going back on Fremont Street there
was the Nevada Liquor Store, Foodland and then Mr. Beckwith's.
Referring to the proposed liquor ordinance, Mr. Jones stated it was
his opinion the intention of the new ordinance, among other things,
was to have liquor stores no closer than within 1,000' of each other,
and the granting of this change of location would put Mr. Beckwith
within 400' or 500' from other liquor stores or bars. As an after-
thought, Mr. Jones mentioned that Fong's and the Blue Heaven Cocktail
Lounge were also in the vicinity to which Mr. Beckwith desired to
have his license moved. Mr. Jones concluded by stating he did not
believe Mr. Beckwith was suffering a hardship; that Mr. Beckwith was
only 4, 5, or 6 blocks away from the proposed new location; that Mr.
Beckwith had a liquor store at present, which he had had for many
years, and asked the Board to give serious consideration to the
approval of this application, in view of the economic effect it
would have on other liquor dealers.

Mr. Beckwith addressed the Board, stating Sallie's probably did three
times the business he did, as it had Crestwood and Eastwood to draw
on; that Sallie's was on Charleston and he would be on Fremont; that
in 6 years his rent had been raised from $250 to $500 per month for
a store 18' wide and 60' deep; that he was certain the rent would be
raised again, and that, insofar as liquor licenses were concerned,
he was in a more congested area now than he would be in if his
application were approved. It was Mr. Beckwith's contention that he
was a hardship case.

In reply to a question by Commissioner Sharp, Mr. Beckwith stated
that he had purchased the property to which he desired to move and,
although his lease had 8 or 9 months to run, he planned on moving
within 90 days, as soon as he could start building. He advised the
Commission he was removing the old building - The Askew Drive-In.

Mr. Beckwith further stated that Sallie's had the best outlet among
the top three liquor stores in Las Vegas; that Sallie's customers
would be coming off Charleston, while his would be coming off Fremont;
that Mr. Johnson, who owns Sallie's had only been in business 5 or 6
years, while he had been in business 12 years; that he intended to
build 5 buildings on the property purchased by him; that he would
have parking for 50 automobiles, as against parking for 12 or 15 cars
at his present location; that he had been informed by Mr. Skaggs that
his (Mr. Beckwith's) landlord intended to raise his rent still higher;
that this was his chance to better himself and he thought he should
have the right to move to a location where he could do business. Mr.
Beckwith informed the Commission it was Mr. Beckwith's landlord's
intention to increase the rent to a point where Mr. Beckwith would
find it prohibitive, as Mr. Beckwith's landlord planned to open a
liquor store himself.

Attorney Jones stated it was his understanding, pursuant to a meeting
held the previous evening in connection with the proposed new Liquor
Ordinance, that it was the aim of the Commission to limit liquor
licenses and he was sure Mr. Beckwith's landlord would have difficulty
in obtaining a liquor license under the proposed new Ordinance and
again requested the Commission to give serious thought to allowing
Mr. Beckwith to operate a liquor store in a congested area.

Mr. Beckwith replied that most of the liquor stores and bars to
which Mr. Jones referred were on Charleston and that there was only
the Nevada Liquor Store and one other on Fremont; that the man who
owned the other liquor store on Fremont - not the Nevada - was
planning to sell out and return to California.

-0O0-

2-3-60