Denial was recommended "by the Board of Zoning Adjustment on the basis of insufficient
parking; the applicant's proposal of auxiliary parking was disregarded as being
impractical. There were no protests. Director of Planning, Franklin Bills, advised
the Commission a similar application had been presented to them a year or so
ago and was denied because this property appeared likely to be in the path of a
tentative ramp to the freeway. He believed the Zoning Board wished to be reasonable 
about parking in the downtown area but that 6 parking spaces in lieu of 24
could hardly be considered favorably. Mr. Bills added that the Board of City
Commissioners could waive a portion of this parking on presentation of evidence
of adequate parking.

Mr. Schieff addressed the Commission, stating there were presently parking lots
at 2nd Street and Stewart and 1st Street and Stewart, which were only a couple
of hundred feet away, as well as parking spaces available at two gasoline
stations which front on Main Street. He stated he could make arrangements for
additional parking at these lots; furthermore, many of his tenants lived close
to town because they do not have cars and would have no need for parking.

Commissioner Sharp asked if Mr. Schieff had a lease with the owners of the parking
lots and Mr. Schieff said he could get a written agreement whereby this parking
would be provided at a special price. He added that the Town House Hotel, which
he owned, had 48 rooms and 12 parking spaces and the only time any parking
difficulty was experienced was on week-ends when rooms were rented to tourists.

Commissioner Elwell asked him if he planned to rent to permanent residents mostly,
and Mr. Schieff replied in the affirmative. Commissioner Sharp believed there
was some merit in Mr. Schieff's proposal, but believed 6 spaces was a little
shy for 24 apartments, unless lease agreements could be presented, guaranteeing
adequate parking.

City Attorney Cory was of the opinion such an agreement should be for a period
of ten years; furthermore, he requested the applicant to confer with him in
regard to other pertinent details which the City would require in said agreements.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Jack E. Schieff for a variance to
allow a reduction in the number of onsite parking spaces for 24 units from 24
spaces to 6 spaces, to be compensated by other off-street parking in the immediate
area, located at 309 N. 1st Street, be held in abeyance, so that the parking
lot agreements could be worked out with the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes,	none.	Absent:	Commissioner	Fountain.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved Regular Payroll Warrant Nos. 41022 - 42481, in the net

amount of $83,783.36, and Overtime Payroll Warrant Nos. 42482 - 42521, in the
Approved	net amount of $431.46, for the pay period October 16 - October 31, 1959 be

approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes,	none.	Absent:	Commissioner	Fountain.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved Service and Material- Warrant Nos. 3208 - 3363 and

WARRANTS	9440 - 9441 in the amount of $153,797.79 be approved.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes,	none.	Absent:	Commissioner	Fountain.

MINUTES	Commissioner Elwell, moved the minutes of special, meetings held October 15 and

Oct. 15 & Oct. 16,	16, 1959, be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

1959	sign same.

(Special Meetings)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

CHARITABLE 	Commissioner Sharp moved the following Charitable Solicitation permits, as

SOLICITATION PERMITS	approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and the Supervisor of

License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

Approved

AMERICAN LEGION AUXILIARY UNIT #8	Rummage Sale

CATHOLIC DAUGHTERS OF AMERICA	Dance

EMBLEM CLUB OF LAS VEGAS	Bazaar

GORMAN HIGH SCHOOL BOOSTERS CLUB	Candy Sale

LAS VEGAS LEGAL SECRETARIES	Raffle

PENTECOSTAL CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST, P.A.W.                          Solicit Funds
ST. JOSEPH'S PARENT CLUB	Bingo Party

CHURCH OF RELIGIOUS SCIENCE	Raffle

FRED S. PENNINGTON POST V.F.W.	Poppy Sale

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

11-4-59