VACATION OF ALlEY
Block 9, Meadows
Addn. 

PETITION ON SIDE*
WALKS

South 11th St.

WESTWOOD PARK-
Replatted tentative
Map

MOSSTRACT NO. 3
Final Map

WESTLEIGH TRACT NO.
3 Final Map

DESERT PARK NO. 2
Final Map

PARK MANOR N0.1.
Final Map

USA OF AUDITORIUM
Navy Mothers' Club

USA OF AUDITORIUM
Little Theater

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Transfer of Owner-
ship

new



LEONARD'S

PLAYLAND

GAMING APPLICATION

SOLICITORS LICENSE
Walter McCall

Commissioner Peccole moved the public hearing on the petition for the vacation of the alley in

Block 9, Meadows Addition be set for October 1, 1952 at the hour of 8;00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
the petition of certain property owners on South 11th Street to construction sidewalks next to the
curb be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the replatted tentative map of Westwood Park Subdivision be approved.

Motion seconded by: Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Jarrett,
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Moss Tract No. 3 be approved subject to the filing of
the required performance bond and the signing of the agreement by the Subdivider, and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign said map.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Westleigh Tract No. 3 be approved subject to the filing
of the required performance bond and the signing of the agreement by the Subdivider, and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign said map.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Desert Park Tract No. 2 be approved subject to the
filing of the required performance bond and the signing of the agreement by the Subdivider, and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized sign said map.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Park Manor Tract No. 1 be approved subject to the
filing of the required performance bond and the signing of the agreement by the Subdivider,
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign said map.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Navy Mother's Club to use the auditorium free of
charge on October 31, 1952 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of the Little Theater to use the auditorium to present its
next play at a special rate of $10.50 per night, with this group taking care of the janitor work,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved that action on the application of Leonard Fayle for the transfer of the
Retail Liquor License issued to M.H. and Max Gorden for the Southwest Liquor Store to the Thrifty
Drug Co. Inc., 317 Fremont Street be deferred until September 3, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passes his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

The following new applications for liquor licensee were presented to the Board for their consideration:

Cliff C. Leonard	So. 5th & Baltimore	Retail Liquor Mina.

George G. Parry	108 Carson	Retail Liquor Mina.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing applications for liquor licenses be held until there is
a full Board present;

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett;

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

No action was taken on the application of M.H. and Sallie Gordon for a Retail liquor Minature and
Tavern License at Sallie's liquor Store and Bar, 2224 E. Charleston due to the fact that this
property is still located in the County and will not be annexed to the City until a map has prepared
and recorded.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Tom Alley for license for 1 Poker Table at the Westerner
23 Fremont, for the third quarter of 1952 be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Walter McCall to reduce the Solicitor's license fee to $5.00
per quarter and to waive the Police Investigation be approved provided that Mr. McCall files a copy of
his bond with the Curtis Publication Co. with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners Jarett, Peccole
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commisioner Bunker.