Commissioner Bunker moved approval of the recommendation of the City Engineer that steel
poles he used for lighting in the park and recreation area at an approximate cost of $1,306.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved that this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING

H. F. Ahmanson
Rezoning

PUBLIC HEARING
W. S. Robinson
Variance

TOWING CONTRACT
Bids

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 1, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held the 1st day of December, 1954, was
called to order by His Honor Mayor Baker at the hour of 7:55 P.M., with the following members
present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Rex Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

City Engineer	G. E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Commissioner Jarrett moved the Service and Material Warrants Nos. 626 to 772 in the total
amount of $127,054.60 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the minutes of November 17, 1954, he approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

This being the time heretofore set to continue the Public Hearing on the application of
H. F. Ahmanson to rezone from R-3 to C-2 the SE¼ SE¼ SE¼ of Section 35, the matter was
considered by the Board.

Mr. Robert Jones was present and urged approval of this rezoning and acceptance by the
City of a deed from Mr. Ahmanson covering 30 feet on 25th Street for street right of way.

Commissioner Whipple moved this hearing be continued until January 5, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

The City Attorney was instructed to draw up the necessary setback ordinance.

This being the time heretofore set to continue the Public Hearing on the appeal of W. S.
Robinson of the denial of his application for a variance to maintain a carport at
525 Park Paseo, the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. Tom Foley was present representing Mr. Robinson. Also Mr. Feuz, the contractor, was
present.

Discussion was had and thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that this variance be denied
and that Mr. Robinson be required to comply by correcting or removing the carport.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarret, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the Towing Contract for the Police
Department, bids were received from the following firms:

Wayne's Auto Body Shop	$2,400 for one year

Herbert Ellingham	2,000 for one year

Gene's Auto Body & Tow Service	210 per month for one year

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

12-1-54