52

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this
day issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Com-
missioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Friday, April
25, 1947 at the hour of 3:30 P.M. to consider the following:

1.	To consider bids on Swimming Pool bathhouses.

2.	Consider petition for parking.	

3.	Liquor applications.

4.	Resolution - gas tax.

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	

City Clerk

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special
Meeting.

s/ T. E. Fennessy	s/ Bob Baskin______ 

s/ A. Corradetti	s/ Pat Clark_______ 

s/ E. W. Cragin______

This being the time set for the opening of the bids for the con-
struction of the bathhouses at the swimming pools, the following
bids were opened, and read;

Stanley Runyan	$136,482.00

C. B. Bagnall	132,268.00

Arthur Piner Los Angeles, Cal 133,185.00
H. W. Polk	107,030.55

 Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of H.W. Polk,

being the lowest bid, be referred to the City Manager and the
legal department; for negotiation. Also that the bid bonds be

returned to the other bidders.

PETITION -- Parking 	Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition signed by

	property owners in the 600 Block on South 5th Street, requesting

one hour parking, be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Michael L.

	McNamee for an Importers Beverage Liquor license at 422 South

Main Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the follow-
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that application of C.V.T. Gilbert
for a retail beverage license at 107 St. Louis Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION-- Excise	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner

Tax - Gasoline	Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution is

adopted and order made:

-RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, through its Mayor and Board of Commis-
sioners joined with the Mayors, City Commissioners, and County Commissioners of several
cities and counties in the State of Nevada in urging the passage of a bill by the legis-
lature of the State of Nevada providing for the levying and collecting of an excise tax
of 1 1/2¢ per gallon on motor vehicle fuel sold in the State of Nevada, for the purpose of
providing funds to enable the Cities and Counties of this state to construct, maintain
and repair the public highways and roads therein, and

WHEREAS, a bill providing for such excise tax was introduced and the Mayor
and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas traveled to Carson City strongly urging
the passage of said bill as a measure of deep concern to the welfare of the City of
Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, said bill was enacted into law and will be in full force and effect
from and after July 1, 1947, and

WHEREAS, the funds derived from taxes and now available for the Improvement
and maintenance of city streets is insufficient for said purposes and the City in
sorely in need of additional funds therefor, and