Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

TRICKLING FILTER	The Commission considered the	recommendation of the Engineering Department that final

ADDITION TO SEWAGE	payment be made to the Lembke	Construction Company for all contract work on the Trickling

TREATMENT PLANT	Filter Addition. Payment of the 10 percent contract retention in the amount of $13,397.00

BID NO. $8.02	is due. The Notice of Completion was filed on October 20, 1958. The deficiencies which

appeared in the work for the original Sewage Treatment Plant Contract have been completed
Acceptance & Final Payment         to the satisfaction of the Consulting Engineer and the Department of Public Works.

Approved

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Trickling Filter Addition to the Sewage Treatment Plant
be accepted and that the retention in the amount of $13,397.00 be paid to the Lembke 
Construction Company and the Treasurer and Director of Finance be authorized to issue the warrant.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple	and carried	by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Whipple, Fountain and His Honor	voting aye;	noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

STREET LIGHT INSTALLATION         The Commission considered the	request for authorization to be given to advertise for bids	to

SUNRISE AVENUE	be opened February 18, 1959, for installation of street lights on the north side of Sunrise

Request to	advertise	for	Avenue from 25th to 28th Streets. The Clark County School	Administration has agreed to 

Bids	to	be	opened	reimburse	the City for installation of eight street lights.	The total estimated	cost is

February 18, 1959	$3,200.00.

Approved	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Clerk be authorized to publish Notice to Bidders

for the	installation of street lights on the north side of	Sunrise Avenue from	25th to 28th

	Streets	with the understanding that the Clark County School Administration has	agreed to

reimburse the City for installation of eight street lights, bids to be opened February 18, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

PIPE MATERIALS FOR                      The        Commission considered the request for authorization to be given to accept informal bids
INSTALLATION 	OF 	PUMPS	AT	for pipe materials for the installation	of pumps at	the Golf Course Reservoir; estimated cost

GOLF	COURSE	RESERVOIR	is $1,600.00. The three pumps for servicing the Golf Course and the Baseball Field are to be

relocated in one position in the north end of the new Golf Course Reservoir. Mr. Sauer stated
Request Authorization to                that this would be for materials only and that the City is going to do the work,
accept Informal Bids

Approved	Commissioner Bunker asked if the City is getting considerable response to these informal bids

and Mr. Sauer stated they did and that letters are sent out and also an informal notice was
published in the paper. Mr. Kennedy stated that names of the contractors were taken from the
License Department File and the telephone directory, and that the only difference between this
method and the formal bids is that we do advertise in the paper but not the long and expensive
ad.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request to accept informal bids for pipe materials for the
installation of pumps at the Golf Course Reservoir be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

QUITCLAIM DEED	The Commission considered the adoption of Resolution of Acceptance of Quitclaim Deed to the

To City of Las Vegas	City of Las Vegas from the Roman Catholic Church; Bishop of Reno, for the following for the

From the Roman Catholic              remainder of the right-of-way from Highland to Washington:

Church; Bishop of Reno

Parcel 1.	80' r/w on Highland Drive from Washington Avenue

Resolution of Acceptance	south approximately 640'

Adopted	Parcel 2.	30' r/w on the north ½ of McWilliams Avenue from

Highland Drive easterly approximately 675'

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On Motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell Bunker,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of January, 1959; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 12th day of
January, 1959; executed by Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno, a Corporate Sole to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and
is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, R. F. Boos, Acting City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the Resolution
accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 21st day of January, 1959.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal this
2nd day of February, 1959.

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS______________________

(SEAL)	Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

1-21-59