Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1153 to 1155 in-
clusive in the net sum of $24.,110.68 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 2004
to 2009 inclusive in the total amount of $26,132.19 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore, member of the committee for report on the proposed
ordinance regulating and licensing bicycles, asked for additional time
before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker moved the proposed ordinance amending the taxicab
ordinance be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that Nevada Construction Co., successful bidder for the
installation of improvements in Special Assessment District Nos. 200-1 & 200-3,
and Sparling-Fowler & Murphy, successful bidder for the installation of street
improvements in Special Assessment District No. 100-3 be allowed to withdraw their
bids if they so desire.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition of O.A. Bell and A.E. Tiffany for
change in zone of the westerly portion of Block 1, Biltmore Annex No. 3 from
R-3 to R-4. be referred to the Regional Planning Commission.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of the Las Vegas Union School District
under date of September 28, 1950 for lease of the City property be allowed
for a period of one year, renewable yearly with the first year’s lease
expiring on July 1, 1951; and the City Manager be authorized to get together
with the Superintendent of Schools and survey ground which they need for this
school in Sunrise Acres.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation of the
Regional Planning Commission under date of September 28, 1950 the request of
LeRoy Christensen for a Use Permit in order that he might accomodate table
boarders at his residence at 500 Van Buren, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time His Honor read a letter under date of September 28, 1950 from
the Regional Planning Commission recommending the improvement of parkways
adjoining Charleston Boulevard.

Commissioner Peccole moved the foregoing matter be referred to the City
Manager for his recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation
of the Regional Planning Commission under date of September 28, 1950
the request of Harry Bridgman for permission to occupy Lots 6 to 10
inclusive of Block 12, Boulder Addition for construction of a motel,

Zone Variance No. 93 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time His Honor read the opinion of the City Attorney under date of
September 26, 1950 regarding the parking of Taxicabs in metered zones.

This opinion was ordered filed.

His Honor read a petition dated September 27, 1950 received from property
owners living on Westwood Drive south of Charleston Boulevard, regarding
the existence of the Martin Trailer Court at 1823 W. Charleston Boulevard,
and a letter dated October 3, 1950 from Mazie Martin of the Martin Trailer
Court, notifying the Board of a fence they are going to install.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS



PROPOSED ORDINANCE -
Bicycle Licensing
& Regulation,

PROPOSED ORDINANCE -
Amendment to Taxicab
Ordinance



ASSESSMENT DISTRICTS
Nos. 200-3 - 100-3
& 200-1



PETITION FOR ZONE CHANGE
Biltmore Annex #3



LAS VEGAS UNION SCHOOLS
Request to lease City
Property



USE PERMIT -
LeRoy Christensen



PARKWAY IMPROVEMENT -
Charleston Blvd.



ZONE VARIANCE NO. 93
Harry Bridgmen
Boulder Addition



PARKING OF TAXICABS IN
METERED ZONES
City Attorney Opinion

PETITION - Martin
Trailer Park