BID OPENING
Assessment District
100-25

PUBLIC HEARING
David Zenoff
Re zoning

PUBLIC HEARING
O. W. Clark
Rezoning
Z-36-54



PUBLIC HEARING
A. C. Delkin
Rezoning

PUBLIC HEARING
Clifton Powell
Rezoning

z-6-55

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to offer for sale, and to receive sealed
bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment negotiable coupon
bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-25 Street Improvement
Bonds, Series of April 1, 1955, in the aggregate principal amount of $62,533.28.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

Bidder	Annual Rate	Premium

Of Interest	If Any

Gross, Rogers & Company	4-3/4%	None

First National Bank of	Nevada	4.2%	None

State of Nevada - State Board

of Investments	3-1/4%	None

Lauren Gibbs	4%	None

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Attorney and
Comptroller for tabulation and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of David
Zenoff for rezoning from R-1 and R-3 to C-1 of portions of Wardie Addition, Vega Verde
Addition and Huntridge Tract No. 1 generally described as both sides of East Charleston
between 7th and 10th Streets, the matter was considered by the Board.

A letter was filed by Mr. Zenoff requesting that this hearing be held in abeyance until a
commission meeting in May.

His Honor asked if there were any persons present who wished to speak on behalf of this
application.

No notice of protest has been filed with the Planning Commission. The following people
voiced protests of the application:

Mrs. Anna Sagstetter
Mr. and Mrs. Joe Sandino
Mr. L. J. Gibson
Mr. Frank Coonrod
Mr. Herb. Waldman

Commissioner Bunker moved that the public hearing on this application for rezoning be
continued until the regular meeting on May 4, 1955 .

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set to consider the application of O. W. Clark for rezoning from R-1
and R-4 to R-4 and C-2 of his property generally located south of the Clark Inn, 1800
Fremont, W½ of N½ of SW¼ of SW¼ of SE¼, Sec. 35, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, the matter was
considered by the Board. This application for rezoning was denied by the Planning
Commission.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and that this application of O. W. Clark for rezoning from R-1 and R-4 to R-4 and C-2 of
his property generally located south of the Clark Inn, 1800 Fremont, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of A. C. Delkin for
rezoning of Lots 6 & 7; Block 2, Pioneer Heights Addition (113-115 South 10th) from R-4
to C-2, the matter was considered by the Board. This application was denied by the
Board of Commissioners February 16, 1955 and appeal filed March 8, 1955.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this public hearing on the application of A. C. Delkin for
rezoning of Lots 6 & 7; Block 2, Pioneer Heights Addition (113-115 South 10th) from R-4 to
C-2 be continued until the regular meeting on May 4, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Clifton Powell for
rezoning of Lot 6, Block 12, HFM&M Addition (NW corner of E and Monroe) from R-4 to C-2,
the matter was considered by the Board. This application was approved by the Planning
Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Mr. Franklin Bills, Planning Director, stated that this rezoning conforms to rezoning on
the Westside.

4-6-55