VARIANCE APPLICATION
Desert Development, Inc.
V-46-54
Denied

LAS VEGAS RACE BOOK
Refund of License Fee

GARBAGE SERVICE
Southern Nevada Disposal
Co.



VARIANCE APPLICATION
Louis and Katie Abrahams
V-42-54
Approved

BOULDER CLUB NEON SIGN
Variance approved



ADVERTISING SOLICITA-
TION

Canada Dry Bottling Co.

SHOESHINE STAND
Joe Hamilton



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Standard Specifications
for Public Improvements

The application of Desert Development, Inc., for a Variance to construct a triplex on
Lots 26 to 28, Block 7, Boulder Dam Homesite, Tract No. 2, 2021 Cedar, having been
continued from August 18, 1954, was considered at this time. The Board of Adjustment
recommended that this application be denied.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. There were no protests
voiced; however, the Commission was advised that there was a letter filed from Mr.

Harold Johnson, objecting to said variance.

Mrs. C. J. Nagley appeared before the Commission and stated that her property was within
fifty (50) feet of this proposed variance and that she and her husband had no objection.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Desert Development, Inc., for a
Variance be denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of September, 1954, having considered the application of
Desert Development, Inc., for a Variance to construct a triplex on Lots 26 and 27 and 28
Block 7, Boulder Dam Homesite Tract No. 2, 2021 Cedar; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that the application of Desert Development
Inc., for a Variance to construct a triplex on Lots 26 to 28, Block 7, Boulder Dam
Homesite Tract No. 2, 2021 Cedar be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the application of George Harmon for refund of the license fee of
$400.00 paid for the Las Vegas Race Book for the third quarter commencing July 1, 1954.

The Board was advised that Mr. Harmon had deposited the fee for renewal of this
license and was unaware that the licensee, John Georgakakis had advised the Nevada
Tax Commission that he was now renewing his State license, said notification given prior to
July 1st.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the $400.00 deposited by George Harmon for the
license for the Las Vegas Race Book for the third quarter of 1954 be refunded and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. V, Gray Gubler, appearing on behalf of the Southern Nevada Disposal Co., Inc.,
contractors for the City of Las Vegas for garbage disposal, requested the resumption of pay-
ment of license to the City be effective January 1st rather than October 1st.

Commissioner Jarrett and Whipple were appointed as a committee to study the audit of the
accounts of the Southern Nevada Disposal Co., and report back at the next regular meeting
of the Board.

Mr. David Zenoff, representing Mr. and Mrs. Louis Abrahams appeared before the Board at
this time. Mr. Zenoff briefly summarized the status of Mr. Abrahams' application for
variance to construct an addition to their motel within six feet of the front property
line at 1919 Fremont Street, stating that the commission had approved this variance on
July 21, 1954, subject to receipt of written approval from the State Highway Department.

Up to the present time, the written approval has not been received.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the condition imposed on the variance application of
Louis and Katie Abrahams of securing written approval from the State Highway Department
concerning the six foot setback instead of a twelve foot setbackbe waived, and this
variance approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Young Electric for Variance to replace a
neon sign in the alley behind the Boulder Club. The request was for permission to rehang
the sign in exactly the same manner in a new location in the alley, approximately twenty
feet to the east. This sign is required to direct foot traffic to the proper entrance
door in the rear of their club.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved and the necessary permit
issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. John McNamme representing the Canada Dry Bottling Company was present at this time.

Mr. McNamee explained that this concern proposes to send approximately ten employees to can-
vass the City to advertise Sparklet water for the next 30 days. The Board advised
Mr. McNamee that this would be permissible.

Mr. Joe Hamilton appeared before the Commission to request permission to maintain a shoe
shine stand on the parking lot on the south side of the First National Bank on South
3rd Street.

Mr. Hamilton was advised that the Board had no objection to this providing his stand
meeting the fire and building codes.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ADOPTING THE CODE OF STANDARD SPECIFICATIONS FOR

PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and
referred to Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp for recommendation.

9-1-54