On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioner Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of 100 sacks for Portland Cement were opened at this time and on
motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
bid of the Woitishek Lumber Co. of $72.00 for the purchase of 100 sacks of cement be ac-
cepted. this being the lowest and best bid for cement in cloth sacks.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

No none.

There upon the business being transacted for which the meeting was called on motion of
Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that this meet-
ing adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1940.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of October, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Kruse and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Minutes of recessed regular meeting of September 16th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that Warrants Nos. 403 to 410 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye Noes

None

A letter from the Las Vegas Aero Club was presented to the Board where in said Club ask
for the use of the City Sprinkler at the Western Air Express Airport on Nov 9th and 10th to be
used in preparing the field for the annual air show.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the letter be handed to Commissioner Ronnow and that the said truck be insured be-
fore leaving the City.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting ave.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the following employees be granted annual leave of absence, with pay:

B.W.Snider	October 15th to 30th.

Harry Jameson	"	5th to 20th

Ralph Simpson	"	16th to 31st.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that a retail beverage license be granted to Grace Marshall and Jackie Moore. Said
application being approved by the Chief of Police Frank Wait.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

An application from Peter Pansey for the operation of a family liquor store at 423
Freemont Street was presented to the Board.

On motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that this application of Peter Pansey be denied.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. His Honor the Mayor vot-
ing no.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that all gaming and slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted. All
applications being renewals for the fourth quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of commissioner Krause seconded by commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that C.C. Underhill be granted a retail beverage license 125 Fremont Street.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

At this time the Air Port committee presented its report to the Board for consideration.
After the reading of the entire report on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner 

Ronnow it was moved that the report of the Air Port Committee be accepted and filed with the
Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.