OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JULY 5th, 1940.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 5th day of July, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Krause, Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Russell and Commissioner Ronnow.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that demands numbers 363 to 370 be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes,

none.

Bids for the purchase of a street sweeper were opened at this time and on motion of Com-
missioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that these bids
be tabulated and presented to the Board at its next meeting for consideration.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes,

none.

Bids for the purchase of oil for all departments of the City were opened and upon motion
of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the
Purchasing Clerk LeRoy Whipple tabulate same and present his findings to the Board at the
next meeting.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that a tavern liquor license be granted to Mr. Santer for operation at the Tivoli
Tavern and to Elizabeth Van a retail beverage license for the Recreation Center. These appli-
cations being approved by the Chief of Police Frank Wait.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes,

none.

At this time the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, in open meeting assembled, that out of respect to the memory of Mayor Russell's mother,
whose funeral was held in Las Vegas this day, this Board recess until Tuesday the 9th day of
July, A.D. 1940. at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT THIS BOARD Extend to Mayor John L. Russell, the deep sym-
pathy of its members in this, his hour of grief and bereavement.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minutes of
this meeting and that a certified copy of this resolution be mailed by the City Clerk to Mayor
John L. Russell and to each of his sisters.

Commissioner Gilbert moved the adoption of the above and foregoing resolution and the
same was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and upon being put to vote the same was carried
and adopted by the following vote: voting aye, Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Herbert Krause.

Voting No, none.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow and Mayor Russell.

There upon said meeting recessed until Tuesday the 9th day of July at the hour of seven
thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

JULY 9th, 1940.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 9th day of July at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti.

Minutes of meetings of June 26th, and July 5th read and approved as read.

Mr. Earl and Mr. O'Donnell of the Las Vegas Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the
Board in regard to securing lights on a second tennis court. These gentlemen were informed that
at this time there were no funds budgeted for the lighting of an additional tennis court.