There being no further business to came before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 8, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 8th day of January, 1958, was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

VACATION - Charleston 	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition for the
Boulevard 	vacation of forty feet on the north and south sides of Charleston Boulevard between
15th and Fremont Streets, His Honor asked if there were any objections to
this vacation.

Mr. John McNamee appeared, representing Messrs. Fong, Pahor, and Hrast who own the
property on the north side of Charleston west of the intersection of Crestwood
Avenue with Charleston Boulevard, and objected to this vacation.

Mayor Baker announced that further action on this vacation would be deferred until

February 1958.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the creation of 

NO. 100-35	Assessment District No. 100-35 for the installation of paving, curbing, guttering,

Public Hearing on	sidewalks and street lights on Charleston Boulevard between 15th and Fremont

Creation	Streets, His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed 

	improvement.

Mr. William Singleton, one of the owners of Lots 11 through 17 of Block 8 of
Crestwood Tract No. 5; appeared in protest to this improvement district. Mr.
Singleton advised the Board that he had been granted a use permit several
years ago on the condition that certain off-site improvements be constructed.

He stated that they had installed these improvements as requested by the 

Commission at a cost of approximately $1,000 per lot, and did not feel that they
should be assessed again.

Mr. John McNamee, representing Leo Pahor, Gabriel Pahor, Gabryella Hrast and
Dr. C.W. Woodbury, appeared in protest to this assessment district.

Mayor Baker asked how many were present who were in favor of this proposed
Assessment District. The following persons were present:

Walter Murphy	17th & Charleston

Charles Sherman	Lawrence Love Tract

Vera Love	Lots 10 & 11, Lawrence Love Tract

Mrs. King Moore	1639	E.	Charleston

Mrs. Marguerita DePalma Between 16th & 17th on Charleston

Marguerita Gonzales

Joseph Bureski	1674	E. Charleston

A.G. Neumeyer	1713	E.	Charleston

Ralph Seward	1701	E.	Charleston

Charles Ronnow	Lot 23, Block 4, Amended Mayfair

Tract #2

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the proper ordinance be drawn for 

introduction at the next regular meeting, creating Assessment District No. 100-35,
excluding therefrom that area protested by Mr. William Singleton described as
Lots 11 through 17 of Block 8, Crestwood Tract No. 5 on the basis that the
owners of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed have not filed
objections to the creation of said district, and the following resolution
adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have held
a public hearing on whether or not to create Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-35; AND

12-18-57	1-8-58