ELECTRICAL BOARD
MAYOR PRO-TEM

Mayor Cragin appointed R. T. Baskin to membership on
the Electrical Examiners Board to replace Commissioner
Smith.

Commissioner Bates moved that Commissioner Clark be
appointed Mayor Pro-tem.

Motion Seconded By Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Baskin,

Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time, Mayor Cragin addressed the Board, thanking
Commissioner Smith for his loyalty and untireing efforts
on behalf of the City of Las Vegas and extending a 

welcome to our new Commissioner, R. T. Baskin. Mayor Cragin
also gave a short resume of the work accomplished in the
past two years since he was installed as Mayor. 

Commissioner Smith responded; after which Commissioner Clark
moved that the Board give a standing vote of thanks to
Commissioner Smith for his services to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and carried
by the following vote; Commissioner Bates, Baskin,

Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates at this time stated to Commissioner
Smith his pleasure in working with him for the past two
years, to which Mr. Smith responded.

Thereafter, there being no further business to come before
the meeting Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until 2 p.m. June 7th, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of June, 1945. Meeting called to order
by his Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark and Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman
Cornwall; City Manager, Charles C. McCall; and City Clerk,.
Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of May 17, May 22,
and June 4 be approved with the exception of those certain
resolutions relating to vacations of land on 14th Street
and Linden Avenue to be copied in the Minutes of May 22.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #434 to
#445 inclusive in the net sum of $17,126.24 and poll tax
deductions in the sum of $60.00 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk be authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Claims
#429 to #433 inclusive in the sum of $16,913.37 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin ordered the Building, Electrical and Plumbing
Reports for the month of May filed.

REPORTS FILED

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PAYROLL CLAIMS