Acceptance & Release
of Bond
Cadillac Arms

Acceptance & Release
of Bond
Desert Park #3

BID NO. 54.4l

Water System Golf
Course Awarded

BID NO. 54.40

Spencer St. Storm
Drain Awarded

REQUEST FOR BIDS
Trunk Sewers

ACCEPTANCE & RELEASE
OF BOND

Moss Tracts #2 & #3

ACCEPTANCE & RELEASE
OF BOND

Acres Addition

FIRE ALARM SYSTEM

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
QUITCLAIM DEED
Wendelboe, et al

Mr. George Wade, City Engineer, recommended the final acceptance and release of bond
on Cadillac Arms.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the final acceptance and release of bond on Cadillac Arms
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer, Mr. George Wade, recommended the final acceptance and release of bond on
Desert Park Tract No. 3*

Commissioner Whipple moved that the final acceptance and release of bond on Desert Park
No. 3 he approved subject to the fire hydrant being repaired, or payment made to the City
in the amount of $8.40.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker stated that
he was tract agent on this property, and passed his vote. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time City Engineer, Mr. George Wade, recommended that Bid No. 54.41 for the
repair to the water pressure system at the Golf Course be awarded to the low bidder,

Phelps Pump & Equipment Company, in the amount of $3,496.22.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this bid be awarded to Phelps Pump & Equipment Company in
the amount of $3,496.22.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. George Wade, City Engineer, recommended that Bid No. 54.40 for the Spencer Street
Storm Drain be awarded to the low bidder, Espy Brothers, in the total amount of $9,254.57.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the low bid of Espy Brothers on Bid No. 54.40 for the
Spencer Street Storm Drain in the amount of $9,254.57 he accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Board considered the request for bids for the 5th Street extension and
west lateral "B" extension trunk sewers.

Commissioner Whipple moved that January 19, 1955, he the date set for the hid opening for
the 5th Street extension and west lateral "B" extension trunk sewers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

Final acceptance and release of bond on Moss Tracts No. 2 (Parcels 1 and 2) and No. 3 was
recommended by City Engineer, Mr. George Wade.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the final acceptance and release of bond on Moss Tracts No. 2
(Parcels 1 and 2) and No. 3 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

Final acceptance and release of bond on Acres Addition was recommended by City Engineer,

Mr. George Wade.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final acceptance and release of bond on Acres Addition be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City be authorized to install a fire alarm system in
joint installation with the Telephone Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed from Wendelboe, et al,
for the street between 5th and Main Streets, deed dated December 28, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Bunker and duly carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of January, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 28th day of
December, 1954, executed by Wendelboe, et al, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

1-5-55