308

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. l609 and l629 to 1633 inclusive
   WARRANTS	in the amount of $18,370.85 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign sane.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 48.15	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 48.15 for a road roller, bid. were opened from

the following firms:



Inland Service & Supply Co.

James Cashman

C. E. Roeder Company

Herb Waldman Company

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for checking and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following gaming applications were presented to the Board for their consideration,

RENEWALS:

Gayer Co., Lee Hughes			Tillie's Grill

Gayer Co., Lee Hughes	Harold's Cafe

W.*H. Usbome	Tropical Drive In

Bert O'Donnell	Rancho Grande Creamery

F. J. Woodward	George Lewis Shell Station

Kroloff Distributing	Silver Club

Fred Kennedy	Fred's Liquor Store

NEW LOCATION - Old Operator

Gayer Co., Lee Hughes	Gilbert Bros.

Gayer Co., Lee Hughes	Jim's Grill

O. W. Glenn	Mike's Liquor Store

Patsy Malpede	Jack White Silver State Ser.

Hughie Roach Coin Machine	Automatic Wash

Hughie Roach Coin Machine	Yellow Cab Company

Hughie Roach Coin Machine	Ted's Grille

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications for gaming for the fourth
quarter of 1948 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following applications for additional gaming were presented to the Board for their 
consideration.

Noman Keller, Guy McAfee	Golden Nugget

Charles Adison	Pioneer Club

J. Kell Houssels	Las Vegas Club

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing applications for additional
gaming during the fourth quarter of l948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of J. Swanson dba Pioneer Distributing Company,
1129 South A Street for a Wholesale Beveral and importers Beverage license for the fourth quarter
of 1948,, said license which was previously issued to B. J. Swanson and Fred L. Beeman,

	Pioneer Distributing Co., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Cecil L. Lynch and L. Wayne Stewart,
Western Liquor Store, 4 E. Charleston for a Retail Package Liquor License for the fourth
 quarter of 1948 be referred to the Police Department for investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Alden T. Sharp and Harvey C. Parvin, Fremont

Drug Company, 611 Fremont Street for a Retail Package Liquor license for the fourth quarter of

	1948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.