OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. August 5th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of August, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and W.H. Elwell, to-
gether with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, and the City Clerk, Commissioners O.J. Smith and
C.J. Hammond, being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being
no omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time W.E. Hawkins and Leo A. McNamee appeared before the Board and presented
for the approval of the Board the plat of the proposed South Addition to the City of Las
Vegas. After due consideration of the matter, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Mayor Hesse, that the Mayor Pro Tem, W.B. Mundy be and he is hereby
directed to approved said plat, and the city clerk is hereby directed to attest the sig-
nature of the said mayor pro tem, and it is further ordered that that portion of the pro-

At this time the Clerk presented the application of the firm of Morgan, Stocker
and Horden for a gaming license for two games at the Las Vegas Bar, the same having been here-
tofore approved by the Mayor, in the absence of the Police and Fire Commissioner, Whereupon, it
was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Clerk issue
a gaming license for two games to the said firm of Morgan ,Stocker and Horden at the Las egas

Bar. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.



Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application dir A.T. McCarter for a gaming license
for three games at the Exchange Pool Hall on First Street, the same having been heretofore
approved by the Mayor in the absence of the Police and Fire Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered
on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Clerk issue a gaming
license for three games to the said A.T. McCarter at the Exchange Pool Hall on First Street. Voting
on said motion, Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that
the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to instruct the City Treasurer to transfer the sum of
$269.43 from the General Fund to the Publicity Fund. Voting on said motion Commissioners
Mundy, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board adjourn
until	Voting on said motion Commissioners

Mundy, Smith, and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.