1.	Golden Gate liquor and gaining licenses

2.	Rehabilitation of the Westside

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing ser-
vice of special meeting.

C.D. Baker	A.H.	Kennedy

Harris P.Sharp	E.W.	Fountain

Reed Whipple	R.W.	Notti

Howard W. Cannon,	_____________

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 28th day of October, 1955 was called to order
at the hour of 4.30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

GAMING & LIQUOR

LICENSES 	Consideration was given at this time to the application of the Golden Gate
	Club for liquor and gaining licenses.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Alfred Durante, Leo Massaro, Italo Ghelfi,
Robert Picardo, Fred De Tore, Bernard F. Perata, A.A. Harris and Remy
Gacherieu be granted a gaming license for the Golden Gate Club, 1 Fremont
for the fourth quarter of 1955 for 115 slots, 3"21", 2 Craps, 1 Roulette,
and 1 Keno with 50 chairs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp, qualifying his second by stating
that it was the policy of the Commission not to vote on new liquor and
gaming unless there was a full Board present, but the other members of
the Board were aware that this was coming up and had indicated they would
grant the licenses if a favorable police report was furnished. The motion
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Sid Martin for a tavern liquor
license for the Golden Gate Club, 1 Fremont, formerly issued to J.K. Houssels
dba Sal Sagev Tavern be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

At this time Commissioner Fountain arrived at the meeting.

REHABILITATION

PROGRAM	Franklin Bills, Director of Planning gave a report on the progress of setting

	up the rehabilitation program at this time.

There being no further business to came before the Commission, the meeting
adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



         City Clerk 	Mayor