4

PUBLIC HEARING -
Re zoning

NE corner of Maryland
Pkwy & San Francisco
Harold Stocker
R-38-53

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Harold Stocker
for rezoning from R-1 to C-l of the following described property:

The west 466 feet of the south 466 feet of the
SW¼ SW¼ Sec. 2, T 21 S, R 61 E, MDB&M. This property
is located at the northeast corner of Maryland Park-
way and San Francisco Streets and consists of approx-
imately 5 acres.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this proposed re-
zoning. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harold Stocker bo rezone
the abovedescribed property from R-1 to C-1 be approved.

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning

Geraldine Stocker

R-45-53

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Geraldine Stocker
for rezoning of the following described property from R-1 to R-2, the same having been
approved by the Regional Planning Commission:

The SE¼ SW¼ and the SE¼ SW¼ Section 2, T21S, R61E,
excepting the northeast corner of the intersection
of Maryland Parkway and San Francisco Streets.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this proposed re-
zoning. There were no objections from property owners present.

At this time Commissioner Sharp arrived at the meeting.

The Board of Commissioners entered into discussion with Art Ham Jr., Walter Hunsaker
and Planning Director William Walker on this proposed rezoning. Thereafter the mat-
ter was referred to Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple for investigation and recom-
mendation back to the Board.

PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning

10th & Charleston
Thomas Oakey

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Thomas Oakey for
rezoning of Lots 3 to 9, inclusive, Block 2 of the Huntridge Subdivision Tract No. 1
the same being generally located east of 10th Street and South of Charleston Boulevard,
his Honor asked if there were any protestants present. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
accepted and the abovementioned Lots 3 to 9 of Block 2, Huntridge Subdivision Tract
No. 1 be rezoned from R-3 to C-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett
passed his vote.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-11
Opening of Bond Bids

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to offer for sale, and to receive sealed
bids and publicly open the same for the City's special Assessment negotiable coupon
bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-11 Street Improve-
ment Bonds, Series of June 1, 1953, in the aggregate principal amount of $8,557.99.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

BIDDER

ANNUAL RATE
OF INTEREST

PREMIUM

NO. OF SETS
OF COUPONS

F. T. BOISE & T.D. MORRIS CO.
BY:	T. D. MORRIS

All bonds to bear a total
interest rate of 3½%, "A"
Coupons having an interest
rate of and "B" Coupons
having an interest rate of
2%

None

Commissioner Whipple moved the bid of F. T. Boise and T. D. Morris & Co., by T. D.
Morris for the bonds for Assessment District No. 100-11 in the total sum of $8,557.99,
series of June 1, 1953, be accepted as contained in the bid, subject to approval by
the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-18

Opening of Bond Bids

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to offer for sale, and to receive sealed
bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment negotiable coupon
bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-18 Street Improvement
Bonds, Series of June 1, 1953, in the aggregate principal amount of $35,410.80.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

	ANNUAL RATE		NO.	OF SETS
BIDDER	 OF INTEREST	PREMIUM	OF	COUPONS
BOISE & T. D. MORRIS CO. T. D. MORRIS	All bonds to bear a total in- terest rate of 3 3/4%, "A" Coupons having an interest rate of 3 3/4% and "B" Coupons having an interest rate of 2%.	None		2

7-1-53