387

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-21
Construction Bid

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
CONTRACT

Perliter & Soring

GOLF COURSE EXTENSION

ASSESSMENT DISTRICTS
NOS. 100-19 and
100-20

At this time the City Manager advised the Commission that the lowest construction bid received
for the installation of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-21 was approximately $5,000
over the Engineer's estimate on this improvement district.

The Assistant City Attorney advised the Board that if they wished to continue with this improve-
ment district it would be necessary to advertise for a rehearing on the assessment roll as re-
vised to conform with the construction bid.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution authorizing the Assessor to file
a new roll on Assessment District No, 100-21, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jar-

rett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker. Absent:	Commissioner Pec-

cole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the award of the construction bid for installation of improvements
in Assessment District No. 100-21 be deferred until June 3, 1953,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jar-
rett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker. Absent:	Commissioner Pec-

cole,

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Clerk be authorized to give notice of a public hearing on
the Assessment Roll for Assessment District No. 100-21, said hearing to be held June 3, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker, Absent: Commissioner Peccole,

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Attorney prepare the necessary contract with Perliter &

Soring for sewer improvements, subject to the sale of bonds, said fee for this work not to ex-
ceed 10%.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved that notice calling for bids for the nine-hole extension to the Golf
Course be given, said bids to be opened July 1, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole,

At this time property owners in Assessment Districts Nos. 100-19 and 100-20 were present to pro-
test both these districts. The general feeling was that the assessments in these districts were
excessive and it was their wish that both these districts be discontinued. Considerable discus-
sion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be instructed to contact the Contractors
for the installation of improvements in Assessment Districts Nos. 100-19 and 100-20 to see if
they will withdraw their bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

City Clerk	Mayor

5-25-53