said City of Las Vegas and the terms of said Ordinances Nos. 142 and 148, and that such clerk
forthwith deliver said roll as corrected and confirmed to the County Assessor of the County of
Clark State of Nevada, ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, with the certificate of
said Clerk as to said confirmation and approval, and the date thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said County Assessor, acting ex-officio Assessor shall
thereupon record such assessment roll in his office, in a suitable book to be kept for that pur-
pose, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, and that said special
assessment shall from the date of recording thereof, constitute a lien upon the respective
lots or parcels of land assessed, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until
paid, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the entire amount of said assessment be collected at once,
with annual interest thereon at the rate of seven per cent per annum as against such assess-
ment as are not paid at once, payable to the County Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Receiver of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of
Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes hone.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 18th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

WEDNESDAY THE 18th DAY OF DECEMBER 1929.

At a recessed regular matting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 18th day
of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meetings of December 5th, 6th, 11th and 16th read and approved as read.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re
cessed until Monday the 23rd day of December 1929.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY IF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 23rd, 1929.

At recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 23rd day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Minutes of meetings of December 17th and 18th 1989 read and approved as read.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner
Smith:

RESOLVE that the permit granted to C. 0. Lauritzen and George P. Peabody under the terms
of Ordinances Nos. 119 and 124 to install lay down, and maintain gas mains etc; be and the
same is hereby revoked on the grounds that the provisions thereof in said permit in Sections
7 and 8 of said permit have not been complied with, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the notice of such revocation be given by the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas to the Clark County Gas Company the present holder of said permit.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commission-
er Smith:

RESOLVE that the permit granted to R. F. Crittenden and assigns under the terms of
Ordinance No. 136 to install lay down, and main tain gas mains etc; be and the same is here-
by revoked upon the grounds that the permit holder has not complied with the terms of Sec-
tion 8 of said Ordinance, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that notice of such revocation be given by the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas to the Las Vegas Gas Company the present holder of said permit.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk was directed to send said notices of revocation to the above mentioned
companies by registered mail.

Mr. A. H. Koebig Jr. of the firm of Koebig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers appeared
before the Board at this time with the completed plans of the proposed sewer system, and dis-
posal plant. As only a quorum of the Board was present the meeting recessed until 8:30 P.M.
so that more members might be present, and hear the plans explained.