ordered on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the
said W.H. Elwell, be and he is hereby declared qualified to assume the office of Com-
missioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting on said motion;
Commissioners Anderson ,Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Elwell not voting.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board and it appear-
ing that the newly elected Mayor and Board of Commissioners is waiting to assume office,
it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf,
that the Board adjourn sine die. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Anderson, Elwell,
and Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. June 1st, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of June, 1925, at the hour of three-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present His Honor* the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, Charles J.
Hammond, Otis J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Thereupon, as first order of business the mayor announced the following appoint-
ments: Charles J. Hammon, Police and Fire Commissioner; W.B. Mundy, Finance Commissioner;
W.H. Elwell, Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner; Otis J. Smith ,Street Commissioner.

The Board then took under consideration the appointment of a Mayor pro tem. On motion
of Commissioner, seconded by Commissioner Elwell and with the unanimous vote of all present,
Commissioner Mundy was appointed mayor pro tem.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, all appointive
offices were declared vacant , said motion be passed on the unanimous vote of all present.

Thereupon, an order was made, on motion of Commissioner Elwell, Seconded by Com-
missioner Smith, appointing the following as members of the Las Vegas Public Library
Board,: Mrs. Charles P. Squires, F.A. Stevens and E.E. Smith., said motion being passed on the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.

Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

An order was then made, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, appointing the following members of the Woodland Cemetery Board: Mesdames Julia
P. Mundy, Helen J. Stewart and C.M. McGovern, said motion being passed on the following
vote: Commissioner Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,

Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of two one year term members of the County and
city Fair Ground Board was deferred until a later date.

Thereupon the Mayor announced the appointment of Forest R. Mildren, M.D. as
City Health Officer.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond,
it was ordered that the salary of the city attorney of the city of Las Vegas be fixed at