PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
Louis J. Ortner
R-26-53



PUBLIC HEARING
Appeal of Variance
Dr. Martin W. Payne



OPENING OF BIDS
Coolers

Police Department



PAYROLL WARRANTS

W. Heers, to rezone the following described property was presented.

From R-E (Residence Estate) Use District to R-1 (Single Family
Residence) Use District all of the E½ E½ NE¼ Sec. 30 T 20 S,

R 61 E, MDB&M.

From R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District to C-2 ( General
Commercial) Use District all of that portion of the SE¼ SE¼ NW¼
Sec. 29, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M lying northeasterly of U.S. Highway

95.

From R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District to R-3 (Limited
Multiple) Use District all of that portion of the SE¼ SE¼ NW¼ Sec.

29, T 20 S, R 61 E, lying southwesterly of U.S. Highway 95 and
the E½ SW¼ NE¼ NW¼ Sec. 29 T 20 S, R 61 E, and the S½ NW¼ SE¼
NW¼ Sec. 29, T 20 S, R 61 E, and the SE¼ MW¼ SE¼ MW¼ Sec. 29,

T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M.

The Planning Commission voted to recommend approval of this application.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any protestants present. There were no
objections voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the above described property be rezoned from R-E to R-1,
R-1 to C-2 and R-l to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Peccole. Mayor Baker passed his vote.

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the application of Louis J.
Ortner to rezone the following described property, was presented at this time.

That portion of the unnumbered Blocks of the Meadows Addition
to Las Vegas, as shown by map thereof on file in Book 1 of Plats,

Page 43, in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County,

Nevada, and that portion of that certain semi-circular street
(Now Vacation) lying North of New York Avenue in said addition.

His Honor asked if there were any protests. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of Louis J. Ortner to rezone the above described
property from R-3 to R-4 be approved, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Bunker passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Peccole.

This being the time set for the Public Hearing on the application of Dr. Martin
W. Payne to erect a medical office building for the practice of Orthodepic Surgery
office situated at the northwest comer of Seventh Street and Hoover Street bet-
ween Sixth and Seventh Street in an R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District.
This property is located on Lots 17 and 18 and the S½ of Lot 19 in Block 31, South
Addition to the City of Las Vegas.

His Honor asked if there were any protestants present. There were several objec-
tors.

Mr. C.O. Ronnow filed a petition signed by several property owners in this area
objecting to this variance.

Dr. Payne also had a petition from several of the property owners, recommending
this be granted.

Discussion was held on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission on the application of Dr. Martin W. Payne for variance be denied, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Peccole.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bids for Coolers for the
Police Department bids were received from the following firms:

RUPPERT PLUMBING

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City
Manager and Comptroller for check and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following voter Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 1429 thru 1434 inclusive in the
net amount of $36,330.83 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Peccole.