No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 12th day of November at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To Viola Burns, City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A	special	meeting of the Board	of City	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

is hereby called to	be held at the Board	Room of	the said Board in the City Clerk's office

in the	City	of Las	Vegas, Clark County,	Nevada,	to be held on Tuesday the 5th day of Nov-
ember,	1935	at the hour of three o'clock	P.M. of	said day to consider and act upon the following 

business:

1. To consider and act upon the improving of the State Highways through the said City on both
North Fifth Street to the North City limit and South Main Street from Garces Street to the
South city limit.

Dated this 5th day of November, 1935.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO- James H. Down, David Farnsworth, H P. Marble, and
M.E.Ward, Commissioners and to L.L. Arnett, Mayor.

You and each of you will please take notice: that pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said
City will be held at the Board room of said in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, Tuesday the 5th day of November, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day
to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the improving of the State Highways through the said City on both
North Fifth Street to the North City limit and South Main Street from Garces Street to the
South City limit.

You will govern your selves accordingly.

Dated this 5th day of November, 1935.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the under sighed Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

Dated this 5th day of November, 1935.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down,

Mayor	H.P. Marble

M.E.Ward

Commissioners.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 5th, 1935.

Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of November, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward,
City attorney Taylor and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

The purpose of the meeting being stated the Board at once entered into a a discussion
of the improving of the highways through the City of Las Vegas, and after due consideration
the following Resolution was introduced and passed on Motion of Commissioner H.P. Marble,
seconded by Commissioner M.E.Ward:

BE IT RESOLVED, That C.D. Baker, City Engineer in collaboration with R.G.Taylor, City
Attorney, proceed with all possible expedition to secure highway rights of way for the
prolongation of Fifth Street north from Stewart Street to the intersection of Fifth Street
and U.S. Highway No. 91, and the prolongation of Main Street from Garces Street South
to a designated intersection with U.S. Highway No. 91.