vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city clerk be allowed to purchase a Burroughs
Adding and subtracting machine and stand for a sum not to exceed $145.00. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rub-
idoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city auditor be allowed $40 for the time he lost
while on city business in Reno, and the further sum of $85 for preparation of the 1942
budget. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city auditor be allowed to hire a secretary
to assist him in bringing the city ordinances up to date. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Louis Wiener be appointed deputy city attorney without
remuneration. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and city clerk be empowered to sign any

deeds whereby the United States Government would relinquish the present deed to the



fish hatchery and receive back deed to approximately 30 acres in fee simple. Motion seconded by
commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that an attorney be employed to help Mr. Blackman in

bringing the ordinances up to date at a salary at the rate of $100 per month, said
salary to be taken from the city attorney's budget. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city employ H. O. Bauerle to install the wire
in the tower at the airport at a cost not to exceed $200. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commissioner
Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until the 16th day of December, 1941 at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING.

TO: HELEN SCOTT, CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Friday the 12th day
of December, 1941 at the hour of Seven thirty P.M., on said day to consider the following:

1. To consider and act upon the request for approval of the Huntridge subdivision.

Howell C. Garrison

Mayor