At this time Mr. C. M. Bates, General Tax Agent for the Union Pacific
Railroad Company appeared before the Board requesting right of way for
the spur track to serve Nellis Airforce Base.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City grant an easement to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company for this spur track to serve Nellis Airforce Base, and
authorize the City Attorney to prepare the necessary documents and check
the description. Further that this easement be granted with the condition
that in the event this use is discontinued the land will revert back to
the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear
and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties
in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto,
in the proposed Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-9 in said
City, as provided in Emergency Ordinance No. 458, passed, adopted and
approved the 2nd day of May, 1951, and the notice prescribed therein.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections, suggestions or comments
concerning said District had been filed in the office of the City Clerk.

The City Clerk answered there had been three letters of objection
filed.

1.	One from Adeline E. Clark, Elda Crane and Orvey Clark,
owners of lots in Blocks 8, 9 and 10 of Mayfair Tract
No. 3.

2.	One letter from Adeline E. Clark and Orvey Clark, owners
of a portion of the NE½, Sw½, SE¼ of Section 35 and the
W½, N½, SE¼ of Section 35.

3.	One letter from Don R. Lehman, part owner with Mrs Elda
Crane of lots in Blocks 9 and 10 of Mayfair Tract No. 3.

The Board decided to recess this hearing until May 29, 1951 at 3:30 P.M.,
until it could be determined if the property owners objecting to this
assessment district own one-half of the property in the district.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning
of Lots 17 and 18 of Block 20, Wardie Addition from R-1 to R-3, His
Honor asked if there were any persons present who wished to object to this
rezoning. There was no one present who protested.

Commissioner Peccole moved that Lots 17 and 18 of Block 20, Wardie
Addition be rezoned from R-1 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning
of Lots 27 to 30, Block 2 of Boulder Dam Homesites No. 3 Addition from
R-1 to R-3, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to
object to this rezoning.

Mr. Grant Stewart stated that he objected to this rezoning.

The Board decided to recess this hearing until May 29, 1951 at 3:30 P.M.

At this time a letter from Mr. and Mrs. Hershel Kleckner, 2217 Mesquite
claiming damage was caused to their residence while the sewer was being
installed, was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved this matter be referred to the City Manager
for investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of F. E. Searway for rezoning
of his property at 711 H Street from R-E to R-2 be set for June 20, 1951
at 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; n<ss, none.
Absent: Commissioner Moore.

At this time property owners Bonanza Village and West Bonanza Road were
present requesting the Board to impose a minimum building area of 1,000
square feet in that part of the Zaugg Tract lying between J and K Streets
instead of 850 square feet as approved in May 16, 1951.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this building area restriction
in that area of the Zaugg Tract lying between J & K Streets be set for
July 11, 1951 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Cragin
passed his vote. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

REQUEST FOR EASEMENT

PUBLIC HEARING -
Assessment District
No. 100-9



PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning Wardie Addition



PUBLIC HEARING - Rezoning
Boulder Dam Homesites
No. 3



CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Assessment District
No. 200-1

PUBLIC HEARING - Date Set

ZAUGG TRACT