Mayor Cragin, recommended to Police and Fire Commissioner German that Mr. Harold Case
be reappointed Chief of the Fire Department.

There upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
the Mr. Harold Case be appointed Chief of the Fire Department, to hold office at the pleasure
of the Board, and said position to be held without compensation.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Mundy and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Attorney Lewis presented a number of petitions to the Board of Commissioners petitioning
said Board to revise Ordinance No. 160 of the City of Las Vegas regulating the business of
peddling in said City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Resolved, that until the further order of this Board the following be and the same is here-
by established as the order of business to be pursued at all regular and recessed regular meet-
ings of the Board of City Commissioners, to-wit:

1.	Calling Roll

2.	Reading minutes of previous session.

3.	Report of officers

4.	Reading of bills and action thereon.

5.	Communications

6.	Unfinished business

7.	New business

8.	Adjournment.

Be It Further Resolved, that such order may be deviated from at any meeting only on the
assent of a majority of the members of the Board present.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and Mundy,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The above order of business was at once placed in effect.

Roll call of Officers showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German,
Mundy, Hansell, and Thomas, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of previous sessions of May 29th, and June 1st read and approved as read.

Police and Fire Commissioner German reported that the Police Station would have to be moved
from its present site in the near future, and subjested that the former office of Attorney
C.D. Breeze might be secured for temporary quarters for the Police Dept.

Commissioner Mundy reported that he would investigate the complaints against the direct-
ions give by the Electrical Inspector.

At this time the balance of the bills against the City for the month of May were allowed
as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

0 motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Resolved, that until the further order of this Board the regular monthly meeting of said
Board will be held on the 4th day of the each month, at three o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of
said Board, provided that if such day fall upon a Sunday or holiday the meeting shall be held
on the next secular or business day thereafter without notice and without recess or adjournment
being required,

Be It Further Resolved, that all bills and claims against the City shall be filed on or
prior to the date of such regular meeting in order to have consideration during such month.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor Mayor Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time Attorney Lewis appeared before the Board of Commissioners with his client
Mr. Price in regard to having the Ordinance governing peddling in the City revised and amended
to exempt residents of one years duration from paving a city license for peddling.

A number of merchants appeared protesting against such amendment.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
ordinance governing peddling, Ordinance No. 160, of the City of Las Vegas remain as passed and
adopted, on the 5th day of July 1930.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor Mayor Cragin, voting Aye. Noes none.