Upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the fol-
lowing Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas there is no adequate provision for the prevention of vehicles following
fire apparatus and parking in the vicinity where fires occur, nor for the pre-
vention of vehicles from running over the fire hose, and

Whereas, it is necessary to the public peace, health and safety that such re-
strictions become immediately operative;

Now, therefore, an emergency is hereby declared to exist and it is hereby
provided that proposed ordinance No. 120 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance to amend Section 33 of Ordinance No. 66, of the City of Las Vegas entitled
' An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, 's" shall be acted on immediately as an emergency Ordinance at
this meeting, and that the same shall be in full force and effect from and after
its passage by the Board of City Commissioners, approved by the Mayor, and pub-
lication thereof as by law required. The vote on said Resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,
voting aye. Noes. none.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 120 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to
amend Section 33 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled 'An Ordinance
regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,' "	

was read for the first time, and on motion of Commissioner Hammond, Seconded by Commissioner
Smith, was ordered passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance upon its approval by the
Mayor and its publication as by law provided. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy,

Hammond, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of making the Las Vegas Fire Department an allowance of $25.00 per
month was then brought up for discussion, and it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the sum of $25.00 per month he paid to the
Las Vegas Fire Department until the further order of this Board, upon the proper presen-
tation of vouchers in regular form. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner
Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

An order was made on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner



Mundy, directing that all license and fines for the month of August, 1926, be placed to the,
credit of the Police and Fire Fund, and the Clerk was directed so to notify the Treasurer.
Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the
Board adjourn until Wednesday, the 8th day of September, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.