Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for 1 doz. 2 cell flashlights, 1 doz.

3 cell flashlights and 1 doz. traffic torches. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the
Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for 100 Meuller fire plugs immediately.

Motion seconded by commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for 2000 feet of fire hose, that said
bids be returned March 4th. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for six 2½" inch nozzles. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Mr. Sargent be given additional duties checking
delinquent licenses and new businesses and his salary be raised from $150 to $200 a month
beginning March 16th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the salary of the cook at the jail be raised from

$75 a month to $100 a month beginning March 16. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

The matter of rezoning as requested by Sam Poulos was referred to the planning
engineer for his recommendation.

Commissioner Smith made a report of his investigation of the Municipal Court fines.



Commissioner Smith read a letter signed by Colonel John H. Harrington, relative to the
publication of maps. Same was ordered filed.

At the hour of 11:55 P.M., Commissioner Tinch moved that the meeting adjourn until
12:05 A. M. March 17th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.
noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MARCH 17, 1942

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 17th day
of March, 1942. Meeting called to order by the Mayor Pro Tem, C. R. Clark at the hour of.
12:05 A. M., with the following members present.

Present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, a city attorney, Paul Ralli, Purchasing
agent, LeRoy Whipple and city clerk, Helen Scott.

Absent: Howell C. Garrison.

Commissioner Smith moved that the gasolene allowance for R. S. Norton, building
inspector, be increased from $10 per month to $20.50, beginning March 16th. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the gasolene allowance for Mr. Elser, plumbing insp-
ector, be increased from $10 per month to $15 per month beginning March 16th. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,