Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, said
proposed Ordinance was passed to the second reading, on the following vote: Commissioner 
Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the
Clerk was directed to publish a notice inviting bids for side walk construction. Voting Com-
missioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of James Germain for a gaming license
for two games at the Lopez building on First Street, said application having been theretofore
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner W.H. Elwell, it was thereupon ordered on motion of Com-
missioner Anderson seconded by Commissioner Shield that said gaming license for two games at the
Lopez building on First Street be granted to said James Germain. Voting Commissioners Anderson,
Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Commissioner Matzdorf, no.

There upon the Clerk presented the application of R.H. Bay for a gaming license for two
games at the Arizona Club, the same having been theretofore approved by the Police and Fire Com-
missioner W.H. Elwell. After discussion of the matter it was ordered on motion of Commissioner
Anderson that consideration of the matter be and the same is hereby continued until it is det-
ermined whether or not the City Ordinance relating to an unobstructed view of gaming rooms from
the side walk, is being complied with. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield,                            and
His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time C.C. Boyer, Division Engineer of the Department of Highway of the State of

Nevada, with estimates on the improvement of Main and Fremont Streets under Federal Aid. After

a thorough discussion of the matter the following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that provided that the total cost of the project does not exceed
$60,000.00, of which Federal Aid in the amount of $28,000.00 will be re-
ceived, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
desires to proceed with the project as outlined, to-wit: the improvement of
Fremont Street for the full fifty feet in addition to the eighteen foot
gravel approach on main street, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that proceeds of the Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00)

Dollar bond issue authorized, of which Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars
have been sold, be applied towards paying for the City's Share of the
Expense.

Said Resolution was duly adopted upon motion of Commissioner Shield, sec-
onded by Commissioner Anderson, upon the following vote: Commissioners
Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye.

Noes, none.

At this time J.T. McWilliams appeared before the Board with a plat of the proposed
Valley view Addition to the City of Las Vegas, whereupon, the following Resolution was duly adopted
on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Shield:-

RESOLVED that the Valley View Addition to the City of Las Vegas be and
the same is hereby approved in accordance with the plat duly presented
and that the Mayor and City Clerk of this City be and they are hereby
directed to certify this approval on said plat. Voting Commissioners
Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye.

Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered on motion of Commissioner Shield, Seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf that the Board ad-
journ until the next regular meeting to be held on the 6th day of May, A.D. 1924, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.