Office of the City Clark, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. June 14th, 1917,

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las egas,
Nevada held on the 14th day of June A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
Ball, Elwell, Matzdorf, and Ullom being present, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Time the Clerk stated the object of the Call and read to the following Notice for
said special meeting by the Mayor as follows towit;

Las Vegas, 11th, 1917.

To Harley A. Harmon, City 

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

This will be your authority to issue a call for a special meeting of the Board

of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for Thursday June 14th A.D. 1917. for the



purpose of Considering the passing of an Ordinance granting to the Standard Oil Company the right
and privilege to erect storage tanks on its property situated on Main street at the end of Lewis
street in said City.

Witness my hand this 11th day of June A.D. 1917.

W.E. Hawkins Mayor.

Filed this 11th day of June 1917. Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

The. Clerk then read the Notice as sent out to each commissioner as follows towit;

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 14th, 1917.

To Messers Commissioners Ball
Elwell, Matzdorf, Ullom.

Sirs;

This is to notify you that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on the 14th day of June A.D. 1917. at the office of the
City Clerk in and for said City at the hour of Ten O'clock A.M. of said day for the purpose of
considering the passing of an ordinance granting to the Standard Oil Company the right to erect storage
and fuel oil tanks on Main street at the foot of Lewis street in said City. Your Presence is earnestly
requested.

In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of said City this 11th day of
June A.D. 1917.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

The Board then proceeded to take up an ordinance governing the right to the Standard Oil Company
to erect Storage tanks on property situated on Main street at the foot of lewis street in said City
whereupon the Clerk read said ordinance in full to said Board of Commissioners , whereupon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that said ordinance be and the same is hereby passed
over until the regular meeting of said Board to be held on the 5th day of July A.D. 1917. the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball Aye, Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye,
Ullom aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

There being no farther business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.