Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 21 and 29, 1933 as amended
be approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that the low bid of V.C. Mendenhall Inc.
on Assessment District No. 100-36 be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid of V.C. Mendenhall, Inc. for the installation
of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-36 in the total amount of $55,122.23
be accepted, subject to the sale of bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy recommended the low bid of Espy Brothers on Assessment Dis-
trict No. 200-17 be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid of Espy Brothers for the installation of im-
provements in Assessment District No. 200-17 be accepted in the total amount of
$20,673.14, subject to the sale of bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager recommended the low bid of J.A. Tiberti for the construction of
the new fire station at Industrial Road and Utah Avenue be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bid of J.A. Tiberti on Bid No. 33.23 for the
construction of the fire station at Industrial Road and Utah Avenue in the total
amount of $79,490.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-!

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay;e noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy moved the request of Wells Cargo for payment of $7,313.12
for the installation of signals at Carson and 5th and Ogden and 5th be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Wells Cargo be paid $7,313.12 for the installa-
tion of traffic signals on 5th Street, and the warrant prepared.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment be made to Wells Cargo for the
underground work on 3th Street in the amount of $2,228.43.

Commissioner Fountain moved this payment of $2,228.43 to Wells Cargo be approved
and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended that partial payment to Wells Cargo on Assessment
District No. 100-23 in the total amount of $4,263.52 be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved that partial payment to Wells Cargo om Assessment
District No. 100-23 in the total amount of $4,263.52 for the improvement of
Bonanza Road through the Helldorado Village be approved and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The matter of advertising signs on benches was held over until the next meeting
on January 18, 1936.

Commissioner Fountain moved the refund of $6,810.00 to Ernest Amante et al on
the gaming and liquor applications for the New Boulder Club be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of Bruck Beckley and Virginia Richard-
son for the City to lease a lot 100 x 130 feet on 6th and Carson for a parking
lot at $550.00 per month. Mr. Kennedy explained that this lease differs from
the others in that the lessor can cancel at any time and the City can after
three years; and the right of first refusal when the property is offered for
sale is not included in this lease.

Thereafter the Commission requested that this lease be referred to the Parking
and Traffic Commission for study and recommendation.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Joe Gordon and L.D. Stein who own property
at 16th and Charleston have deposited a check in the amount of $1500.00 to cover
half the cost in relocating the sewer line in this area.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following agreement be approved:

This memorandum of agreement entered into by the City of Las Vegas as Party
of the First Part, and Joseph Gordon and L.D. Stein as Party of the Second Part,

1-4-56

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36
Construction Bid
Awarded

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO.200-17
Construction Bid
Awarded

BID NO. 55.23
Fire Station
Awarded

TRAFFIC SIGNAL
PAYMENT

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

5TH STREET
UNDERGROUND WORK

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-23 

Partial Payment

ADVERTISING ON
BENCHES 

REFUND ON GAMING
& LIQUOR APPLICATIONS

PARKING LOT LEASE
Beckley and Richardson

SEWER EASEMENT
Gordon & Stein