A young man by the name of Frank Hyers spoke from the audience asking why the Police
Department was down on one club because of the incident at Park Paseo as others had
been there hours upon hours and were not picked up — just the Esquires.

Chief of Police, Ray Sheffer, stated that Park Paseo had been patrolled regularly
and he doubted it was known by the Police Department what club or group was involved
in this particular incident. He added the Esquires was one of several in the Police
Department files and no mention of any individual group had been made by his department. 
Chief Sheffer said the instructions to officers were to disband unruly groups
and prevent loitering in any City park.

Frank Hyers stated that it had been implied and when he was arrested the officers
said they were after the Esquires. Chief Sheffer replied that he did not know about
this and that orders from his office were to pick up whatever groups were causing
trouble. Frank Hyers asked if the Police Department had given the information to
the Review Journal and further, if they would have to break up their club.

Commissioner Whipple asked what was the purpose of the Club and he stated it was a
social club just like any other, and they held dances. Commissioner Whipple also
asked if any of his club members were implicated in the Park Paseo incident and he
answered in the affirmative. When Commissioner Fountain asked if he could justify
his actions concerning the entering of someone's property he replied he was not on
the property but was in the street by the curb.

City Attorney Cory advised that 10:00 p.m. was the curfew Sunday through Thursday
and 12:00 p.m. on Friday and Saturday; however, this could be extended to 1:00 a.m.
for a special event if written request was made to the Police Department by the
principal or superintendent of a high school. Notice of such an extension would
be published in the newspaper.

Commissioner Whipple said he was mindful of the fact there were many good young
people in the City of Las Vegas but in regard to the destruction of property and
the rights of property owners something would have to be done and he moved the
Chief of Police be authorized to deputize up to 50 men from the City to work and
cooperate with the Police Department and support this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp said he had talked to youths and grownups alike and if anyone
had suggestions regarding this problem the Commission would appreciate hearing from
them or they could get in contact with the City Manager. He thought the people of
the City should let the District Court know how they feel about the handling of
the Juvenile Court and the Court should be more stringent in its decisions.

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission the Supplemental Agreement which was approved

City of North Las Vegas	at the meeting of July 1, 1959, was for 50 years from the date of the original

agreement which was April 7, 1952, and the City of North Las Vegas needed to have
Approved	this extension for 50 years from the present date in order to qualify for Federal

Funds.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign a supplemental
agreement to an existing agreement between the City of Las Vegas and the City of North
Las Vegas extending this agreement for 50 years from this date.

Motion seconded ty Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

-oOo-

At the hour of 11:05 p.m. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of
11:25 p.m. with all members present as of the opening session.

-oOo-

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Commission considered the adoption of the resolution awarding the bid on bonds

100-43	and the adoption of Emergency Ordinance No. 797 authorizing the sale of bonds for

Main Street Lighting;                     Assessment District 100-43, Main Street Lighting from Bonanza to Owens.

Bonanza to Owens

Commissioner Fountain moved the consideration of this resolution and ordinance be
Resolution Awarding Bid                continued to an adjourned regular meeting to be held at 7:30 p.m., July 22, 1959.
on Bonds and Emergency

Ordinance 797 Authorizing               Motion	seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Sale of Bonds	Commissioners	Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor	Gragson voting aye;

noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	At this	time the Commission again considered the application	of Joseph Julian for a

New	package	liquor and beer bar license at the Joe Julian Liquor	Store, 2400 Las Vegas

Boulevard South.

Joe Julian Liquor Store

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Joseph Julian for a package liquor and
Denied	beer bar license at 2400 Las Vegas Boulevard South be denied.

Attorney Graves stood up and requested that Commissioner Elwell's motion be disqualified 
because of his connection with the retail liquor association. Commissioner
Elwell informed him that he had resigned from that organization prior to his election
to office. City Attorney Cory stated there was nothing in the law to prevent Commissioner 
Elwell from making whatever motion he might choose.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none. 
Commissioners Fountain and Sharp passed their vote.

7-15-59