USE PERMIT

Sal Sagev Inc.

U-39-54

USE PERMIT
J.B. & M.M. Hirsch
U-42-54

USE PERMIT

Joseph Blasco

U-43-54

USE PERMIT
George Heyer
U-44-54

VARIANCE

Angelo Sismondo
V-55-54

At this time the Board considered the application of Sal Sagev Inc. to use the
southeast corner of Bonanza and Rancho Road to construct a sign 8 x 14 feet, located
14 feet from grade. This application was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that this
application be denied be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of December, 1954, having considered the application
of Sal Sagev Inc. for a Use Permit to use the southeast corner of Bonanza and Rancho
Road to construct a sign 8 x 14 feet, located 14 feet from grade; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Sal Sagev Inc.
for a Use Permit to use the southeast corner of Bonanza and Rancho Road to construct
a sign 8 x 14 feet, located 14 feet from grade, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

His Honor asked if there were any protests to the application of J. B. and M. M. Hirsch
to use property at 1707 E. Charleston for development and maintenance of not more than
two professional offices. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment to approve this
application be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of December, 1954, having considered the application of
J. B. and M. M. Hirsch to use property at 1707 E. Charleston for development and main-
tenance of not more than two professional offices; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of J. B. and
M. M. Hirsch for a Use Permit to use property at 1707 E. Charleston for development
and maintenance of not more than two professional offices, be approved, and the inspection
departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Joseph Blasco to use property
in the W½ SW¼ SW¼ of Section 27, T20S, R61E, south of the railroad which lies directly
south of the Standard Oil Co. property on Bonanza Road, for the construction and operation
of a concrete batching plant, approved by the Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved approval of the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
and adoption of the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of December, 1954, having considered the application
of Joseph Blasco for a Use Permit to use property in the W½ SW¼ SW¼ of Section 27, T20S,
R61E, south of the railroad which lies directly south of the Standard Oil Co. property
on Bonanza Road, for the construction and operation of a concrete batching plant; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Joseph Blasco
for a Use Permit to use property in the W½ SW¼ SW¼ of Section 27, T20S, R61E, south of
the railroad which lies directly south of the Standard Oil Co. property on Bonanza Road,
for the construction and operation of a concrete batching plant, be approved and the
inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

His Honor asked if there were any protests to the application of George Heyer to use
property on the southeast corner of Rancho Road and Bonanza Road for construction of
a shopping center.

There was a written protest from Goe Gallwich and Gerald Crowe.

Commissioner Sharp moved a Public Hearing be held on this application on December 20, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Angelo Sismondo to vary the minimum
rear-yard requirements in an R-4 zone in the construction of an open carport at
220 South 10th Street. This application was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Mr. Ray Barozzi was present to ask for further study of this application.

At 8:45 P.M. the City Manager arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment to deny
this application be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of December, 1954, having considered the application of
Angelo Sismondo for a Variance to vary the minimum rear-yard requirements in an R-4
zone in the construction of an open carport at 220 South 10th Street; and

12-1-54