The Clerk, at this time, read the City Attorney's opinion on the Garrison matter
regarding a protest to Mr. Garrison holding the office of Mayor. After considerable
discussion Mr. Smith read a brief he had prepared in the matter of the removal of
Mayor Garrison.

Mr. Clark moved that the matter be postponed until the next meeting regarding the selection
of a Board of Review as outlined by Mr. Smith in his brief. Said
motion died for want of a second.

Mr. Smith moved that this case be carried to a final conclusion insofar as the Board of
City Commissioners are concerned, by creating a Board of three Referees chosen from our
Citizens at large. Mayor Garrison to select one member of his own choice. The Citizens
signatory to the charges select one member of their choice. The two members so chosen select
a third member mutually agreeable to themselves. In the event they cannot agree upon a third
member within a specified number of days, request the Board of County Commissioners to choose
one of their members to fill the vacancy.

His Honor, the Mayor stated that the motion was out of order and that he would entertain
a motion to try or not to try.



Mr. Smith then made a motion that the Board of City Commissioners give the Mayor Howell C.

Garrison a fair and impartial trial. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote. Commissioners
Smith and Clark voting aye. Noes, Tinch and Rubidoux. Mayor Garrison passed his vote.

Upon recommendation by Mr. Tinch,

Mr. Clark made a motion that a special investigator be placed in the police department
at a captain's salary of $180.00 per month, said man to be Jimmy Clark who was well qualified
to fill the position. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Upon request of Mr. Rubidoux, Mr. Smith made a motion that Mr. Rubidoux be authorized
to employ a street superintendent. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote, Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion
carried.

At the hour of 12:00 midnight, upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Smith that
the meeting be in recess until the hour of 12:10 A.M., June 17th, 1941. Vote, Commissioners,
Smith, Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion
carried.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 12:10 A.M., being called to order by His Honor
the Mayor.

Present: Commissioners. Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor. City
Attorney, Paul Ralli. The Clerk and Deputy Clerk.

At this time a bill of Dr. York, the former city physician, in the amount of $70.00
was presented to the Board. Said bill having been previously denied. Mr. Tinch. made a motion
that said bill be turned over to the city attorney for his opinion. Seconded by Mr. Smith.

Vote, Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none. Motion carried.

Dr. York presented two other bills amounting to $20.20. Mr. Clark moved that said
bills be allowed. Seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote, Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that the bid of McQuay Supply Company be accepted for wire
for the city lights, it appearing that their bid was the lowest. Seconded by Mr. Smith.
Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Clark made a motion that those men employed by the city who are entitled to
vacations and upon the recommendation of their respective department heads be allowed
to take their vacations at the time requested. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote:
Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion carried.

The Clerk read the application of Michael R. Hackman for the position of Street
Superintendent. Mr. Clark moved that said application be filed for future reference.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Clerk read the application of E. C. Herrin for permission to install water line
on Stewart and Second Streets north to Lots 15 and 16, Black B, Valley View Addition,
West Side. Mr. Tinch. moved that matter be referred to Mr. Clark. Motion seconded by Mr.
Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Clerk read a letter from the Civil Aeronautics Authority regarding the renewable
of a certain lease under contract C6ca-372. Mr. Smith made a motion that the matter be
referred to the city attorney for inspection. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote:

Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion carried.

The Clerk read a letter from Frank Wait, Chief of Police, regarding expenses for
a trip to Portland, Oregon to attend the International Association of Law Enforcement
Officials convention to be held on July 10, 11th and 12th. It appearing to the Board
that the information to be had as a result of this trip would be of great value to the
Police Department, therefore, Mr. Tinch made a motion that $150.00 be allowed as expenses
for Mr. Wait. Motion seconded by Rubidoux. Vote. Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

His Honor the Mayor requested Paul Ralli to ascertain the location of the land near