O.A. Kimball appeared before the Board at this time and ask that the Kiwanis Club be given
permission to landscape its plot in the City Park site, and to pipe water from the City well on
said site to provide water for the Kiwanis plot.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Kiwanis Club be granted permission to landscape its plot in the City Park and to pipe water from
the City well to be used on said plot.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board at this time considered the passing of a new license Ordinance, and the entitled
Ordinance, "An Ordinance to amend Section 7, of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, en-
titled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation and
revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the
corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax
upon the same end providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for the

carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2,
4, 13, 14, and 35," as amended by Sec. 1. of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by herein amending
certain subdivisions thereof and by adding certain other subdivisions, and to amend said Ordinance
No. 48 by adding two new Sections to be know as Sections Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to
repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first time
and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting* then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of December, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Commissioner Mundy appointed to approve the bills of the W.S. & L. Dept. owning to the
Commissioner of that dept. L.B. Hansell.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of the Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved.

Monies received for the month of November as follows:

$1,251.50 Municipal Count Fine.

609.00	Poll	Tax

210.00	Sale	Cemetery	Lots.

129.75	Fees	from Plumbing Inspector.

1.357.70	City	licenses	and fees.

3,557.95	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

§2,609.20	P and F Fund.

210.00	Cemetery

129.75	W.S. & L.	Fund.

_____609.00 Street Fund.

3,557.95	Total.

The sum of §2,100.00 transferred from the General Fund to the W.S. & L. Fund.

Petitions from Cora J. Nobblitt and A.J. Robinson asking the Board for permission to
use streets and alleys for the installing of water systems were presented to the Board and same
were referred to J.P. King Street Supt.

"An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections Nos. 2 and 10 of Ordinance No.
111 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or
keeping, sale, offering or exposing for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors
in the City of Las Vegas, regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for
the violation of this, ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith," approved May 5, 1925, as amended by Ordinance No. 179; and to repeal all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a
second reading.