400

CITY HALL - Remodelling

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

$

MINUTES:



PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning #34-53
Eachus &
Josephson



PUBLIC HEARING -
Rezoning #31-53
Richard Tam

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to send
a copy of this Resolution to the Honorable C. W. Shelley.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Aloysius McDonald, architect for the new addition to the City Hall
was present and discussion was held with the commission on the proposed revisions.

Thereafter Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett were appointed to confer with Mr.

McDonald on this matter.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

6-3-53



Las Vegas, Nevada
June 17, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 17th day of June, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Acting City Mgr. A. H. Kennedy
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1454 to 1459 inclusive in the net
amount of $38,183.64 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2442 to 2446 inclusive
in the total amount of $34,053.42 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the Minutes of April 15, 20, 27, 29, May 1, 6, 11, 13, 20
and 25, 1953 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his
vote. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of V. D. Eachus and
E. L. Josephson for rezoning of the SE¼ SE¼ of Section 21, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, generally
described as that property on the northeast comer of Harrison and "I" Streets, from R-A
to R-3, R-4 and C-2, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest
this proposed rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that the above described property be rezoned from R-A to R-3, R-4 and C-2 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Richard Tam to
rezone that portion of land north of San Francisco Avenue between the Union Pacific
right-of-way and the Meadows Addition from R-l to R-4, M-1 and M-2, His Honor asked
if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed rezoning. There were
no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that the above described property be rezoned from R-1 to R-4, M-1 and M-2,
be approved.