552

USE PERMIT APPEAL
Jack Willows
U-68-53

VARIANCE APPEAL
Ray Cutright

V-80-53



LICENSE REVOKED
Andy's Liquor
Store

ACCEPTANCE OF BID
Central Fire
Station

Addition



15th Street a distance of 56.51 feet to the true point of
beginning; thence continuing North 28°13'04" East a distance
of 45.21 feet to the Southwest corner of that certain parcel
of land conveyed to the First National Bank of Nevada, Reno,
Nevada by Pauline Kline by Deed recorded August 20, 1953 as
Docket #409240 in the office of the County Recorder, Clark
County, Nevada; thence South 89°33'38" East along the South
line thereof a distance of 315.33 feet to a point in the
South line of Lot 10, Block 3 amended map of Mayfair Tract
No. 2; thence tangent from the last described course and
turning to the left along a curve having a radius of 15 feet
and subtending a central angle of 88°25'13" an arc length
of 23.15 feet to a point; thence from a tangent whose bear-
ing is South 2°01'09" West turning to the left along a curve
having a radius of 248.34 feet and subtending a central angle
of 1°34'47" an arc length of 6.85 feet to a point; thence
South 0°26' West a distance of 47.74 feet to a point; thence
North 89°33'38" West a distance of 351.30 feet to the true
point of beginning.

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple
passed his vote.

This was the time set for the Public Hearing on the application of Jack Willows to
construct a cycle shop on the comer of North Main and Park Streets in a C-2 zone
on Lot 2, Block 1, Sunset Park Addition.

Mr. Ted Lawson and Mr. Glen Tondevold spoke in protest to the granting of this
Use Permit as it would create a nuisance with noise and would bring down the
property value in this area.

Mr. Jack Willows and Mr. Wally Pinjuv appeared before the Board at this time asking
them to grant this Use Permit. Mr. Pinjuv stated that the Building Department had
issued the building permit.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be approved on the basis that the City had
already issued a building permit and it would not devaluate the property, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 16th day of December, 1953, having considered the application
of Jack Willows for a Use Permit to construct a cycle shop on the corner of North
Main and Park Streets; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission re-
commending approval of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Jack
Willds, U-68-53, as approved by the City Planning Commission, be and the same is here-
by granted, and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

This was the time set for the Public Hearing on the Variance appeal of Ray Cutright
for permission to construct a garage and apartment within 6 feet of a dwelling and
5 feet of rear property line at 348 North 14th.

Mr. George Wood appeared at this time protesting the granting of this variance.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission denying this
variance, be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 16th day of December, 1953, having considered the application
of Ray Cutright for a variance to construct a garage and apartment within 6 feet of
dwelling and 5 feet of rear property line at 348 North 14th; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission re-
commending denial of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ray
Cutright, V-80-53, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. and Mrs. Andrew J. Bruner, operators of Andy's Liquor Store appeared at this time
with Mr. C. N. Cornwall, regarding the sale of liquor to minors.

Commissioner Whipple moved the license be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett and His Honor.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bid of the Leslie Elson Company in the amount of
$13,384.OO for the addition to the Central Fire Station be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

12-16-53