At this time the petition protesting the granting of the Use Permit to Mssrs. L. D. Stein and
Jeseph Gordon to construct a service station on the northwest corner of 16th and Charleston,
legally described as the east 39 feet of Lot 9 and all of Lot 10, Block 3, Amended Mayfair
Tract #2 in a C-1 zone, which was approved by the Board of Commissioners on September 7, 1956.

The Commission was advised that the petition protesting the granting of this use permit had
been filed on September 26, 1956; that those property owners within the 300 feet area protesting
had been notified of the public hearing held by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, but had not
appeared at that meeting or filed a written objection.

Fire Chief Elmer Gates reported that the plans for this service station had been checked and
did meet all the requirements of the Fire Prevention Code.

His Honor asked if there were any persons present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. L. E. Cripe of 1606 Mayfair Place appeared and voiced his objection on the basis that it
was too close to a public school and was a safety and traffic hazard. Mr. Cripe stated that
he had received notice of the public hearing before the Board of Zoning Adjustment, but had
not appeared at that meeting.

Mayor Baker announced that it was the opinion of the City Attorney that the only recourse
was to request revocation of the building permit which has been heretofore issued.

No further action was taken on this matter.

Mayor Baker announced that the Commission did not propose to take any action on the recommend-
ation of the Planning Commission on the proposed alignment of Highland Drive between West
Charleston Boulevard and San Francisco Avenue until a map has been filed by the Planning
Commission and public hearings have been held on the location of the free-way as proposed by
the State Highway Department.

Mr. Art Ham, Jr., representing property owners in this area stated that he had discussed this
matter with Messrs. Otis Wright and Houston Mills of the State Highway Department and had been
advised that the preliminary plans for the free-way are expected to be ready by November 1, 1956
He indicated that his clients were in accord with the Commission's proposal to hold this
matter until after the location for the free-way had been determined.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections. None were voiced. His Honor announced that
when this matter is again to be considered by the Planning Commission and/or the City Commission
that the property owners will be properly notified.

This being the time for Mr. Isadore Bernson, licensee for the Esquire Bar, 120 South 2nd Street
to be present to show cause why his tavern liquor license should not be revoked for sale of
liquor to minors, Mr. Bernson appeared before the Board.

Mr. Bernson stated that he had operated this bar for four and one half years and this was
his first offense. He advised the Commission that in this one instance he was in the wrong,
but that the individual served had kept his back to the bar, the place was crowded and the
serving was an oversight that would not happen again.

Police Chief Sheffer reported that as far as the Police Department was concerned, the Esquire
Bar operation was all clear with this one exception.

The Commission requested that the lighting in this business be checked to see that it is
sufficient to meet requirements.

Mr. Bernson was advised by the Board that it is their determination that the sale of liquor
to minors must be stopped, and warned Mr. Bernson that if there is a reoccurrence in this re-
gard that his license will be revoked. He further advised that he is to work in cooperation
with the Police Department in the operation of his business.

At this time the Commission considered the petition signed by eleven property owners in the
vicinity of the Elks Club Stadium and Lions Club Park complaining about the motor cycle races
being held Saturday and Sunday mornings from 8:00 to 12:00 noon on the property belonging to
the Elks Club.

Mr. Herb Hill, spokesman for the motorcycle group was present and advised the Commission that
his association held their races only on Sundays from 10:00 to 12:00 noon. He indicated that
they were well supervised and gave the youngsters, as well as the spectators, a great amount
of enjoyment. He agreed that there was a certain amount of noise involved due to the fact
the mufflers have been removed from these racing type of motorcycles in order to increase the
horsepower and speed, but that it is only four hours a week and the races are well controlled.

His Honor asked if there was anyone else present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. Sander, owner of the Sunnyside Nursery, appeared before the Commission and stated that
he had signed the petition protesting these races. He stated that he was not opposed to
these races as recreational facility, but he did object to the site and the time, since day
sleepers in the area are not able to sleep.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be referred to the Police Department for investigation
and report to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.50 for the installation
of a traffic signal system at 3th and Oakey, bids were received from the following firms:

NEVADA ELECTRIC	$3,901.50

GALLAND ELECTRIC	4,265.00

REYNOLDS ELECTRIC	7,613.63

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION OF PROTEST
USE PERMIT
U-38-56

HIGHLAND DRIVE
Proposed Alignment

ESQUIRE BAR
Show Cause Hearing

MOTORCYCLE RACES
Protest Petition

BID NO. 56.50
Traffic Signal System
5th & Oakey