LIQUOR APPLICATION

Aqua Hotel

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Downtown Liquors

BID NO. 55.12
Opened

Maintenance Radio

Equipment



JOSEPH A. STINE
Master Plumber's
Certification

GAMING & LIQUOR
APPLICATIONS
El Morocco Club

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Clem Malone be requested to appear before the
Board to show why he had not complied with the requirements for the installation of
the trailer park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. John McNamee appeared before the Commission on behalf of the Aqua
Hotel Corporation, 1401 South 5th Street, applicant for a tavern liquor license.

He represented John and Pat Cashen, Charles Rosenthal and himself.

The Commission was advised that a use permit for this hotel to allow the operation of
a bar in a C-2 zone could not be granted at this time due to the fact that the
Planning and Zoning Ordinance does not permit this type of business in a hotel of
less than 100 rooms. At the present time the Aqua Hotel has approximately 68 rooms.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Aqua Hotel Corporation for a tavern
liquor license be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:05 the meeting adjourned, reconvening at 9:20 P.M. with all members
present as of the opening session.

At this time Mr. Joe Foley appeared before the Commission on behalf of George and
Robert Rapoport, applicants for a retail liquor miniature license. He said that they
had a location for their liquor store which would be named Ethel's Family Liquor Store
at 917 East Charleston Boulevard. He stated that they had made no attempt to sell
their license. He further stated that the trust estate has been terminated by order
of the Court, June 13, 1955, and that the Rapoport Brothers have been endeavoring to
find a location and use the license.

Mr. Milton Keefer, representing John Funk and Mr. Earl J. Atkins, stated that he
believed that his clients have qualified in every respect to continue their license,
and requested approval of their application.

There being two applications on file for the retail liquor miniature license of the
Downtown Liquor Store, formerly located at 28 Fremont, one by Robert and George
Rapoport to be transferred to 917 E. Charleston and the other of Thrifty Liquor and
Grill, Inc. by John L. Funk to be transferred to 2109 Fremont, Commissioner Sharp
moved that inasmuch as Mr. Funk was operating the business at the time it was closed
because of the termination of the lease, and since he has an investment in stock for
the business of approximately $16,000.00, that this liquor license be granted to the
Thrifty Liquor and Grill Inc. at 2109 Fremont.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Whipple passed his vote stating that the First National Bank had no interest in this
business, but had acted as Trustees of the Estate of Ethel Rapoport.

This being the time set for the opening of bid No. 55.12, contract for maintenance
of City radio equipment, the following bids were opened:

Frontier Radio & TV

Motorola Communications & Electronics Inc.

Metcalf's Radio & Sound (Parts only)

Commissioner Bunker moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commission-
ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the recommendation of the Board of Examiners
and Appeals that Joseph A. Stine be granted a Master Plumber's Certification.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of Joseph A. Stine for a Master Plumber's
Certification be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Sharp.

Mr. Horsey, representing Mr. O. L. Crozier and Mr. Edwin Dotson representing Mr.

George Harmon appeared concerning the addition of Messrs. Harmon and W. H. Adams to the
liquor and gaming licenses for the El Morocco Club at 1332 E Street.

Mayor Baker said that it was the recommendation of the police department that this

7-20-55