SEWER SYSTEM
Employ Engineer

TWA RENTAL

TENTATIVE MAP—So. 5th
Street Property Tract

O. J. SCHERER—
Industrial Tract

LAND USE

ZONE EXCEPTION—
Paul Jones

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be instructed
to employ Mr. O'Neil to Make a survey of the sewer system and
disposal plant along the lines heretofore discussed with him.

If his service can be obtained for the fee heretofore stated
and in the meantime the City Manager to do everything possible
to remedy conditions as they now exist.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager notify TWA to
pay the money past due the City for Airport rentals and also to
send a representative to negotiate a lease agreement at once.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that that first motion heretofore made
July 4, 1946 regarding the approval of the recommendation of
the Planning Commission on the South 5th Street Property
Tract #1 be amended to read as follows:

That the recommendation of the Planning Commission to approve
in its entirety as per their letter of July 26, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Planning Commission be 

notified that the Tentative Map of the O. J. Scherer Industrial
Tract will not be approved by this Board until arrangements
have been made for the installation of Sewers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Clark.

Article 3 of the recommendation of the Planning Commission
contained in their letter of June 26, 1946 having been referred
to the City Manager for clarification. Commissioner Bates at
this time moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission
under date of July 22, 1946 on Land Use be approved, said
recommendation being as follows:

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

Honorable Mayor and

Board of City Commissioners,

War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	LAND USE

Gentlemen:

Under date of June 26, 1946, the Joint Planning Commission forwarded recommendations
to your Board relative to various phases of zoning. The City Manager has requested
qualification of Item #3 of this communication relative to the erection of garages
or other accessory buildings prior to the erection of a residence or dwelling in a
residential zone.

It is not the intent of the Commission to prevent erection of such buildings, but in
many instances owners have taken out permits for erection of same stating that they
desired to use them temporarily until they could obtain materials or finance the
erection of a dwelling. After completion of such structures they are occupied as
dwellings and, in most instances, remain in such use to the detriment to the 

neighborhood.

If the erection of such accessory buildings is permitted, there will be no objection
to the proper use of same provided they are not used as dwellings. This matter can
be controlled by use of occupancy certificates as provided in Uniform Building Code.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS—CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Clerk be instructed to
notify Mr. Jones that he will have to comply with the rules for
establishing zoning exception at his property on South 3rd
Street in order to rent to business establishments in the
residential zone.