WHEREAS, said Board deems it expedient and desirable to create Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-43 for the purpose of making said improvements
and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according
to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises, and property specially
benefitted by such improvements and included within said district; and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district any public or other
property against which a valid special assessment cannot be levied by said City; and

WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment
upon any lot or premises for said improvements exceed one hundred percent (100%) of
the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll
for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgement of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las
Vegas, it is fair and equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the
City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board considers it necessary, desirable, and for the best interests
of the City, to take the steps provided by law for the organization of an assessment
district and the construction therein of said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said Board, by an amended resolution duly adopted and approved on
the 21st day of January, 1959, ordered the Director of Public Works to make estimates
of the expense thereof and plats, diagrams and plans of the work and of the locality
to be improved, and to file such estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City
Clerk for public examination; and

WHEREAS, said estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans were so filed on the
29th day of January, 1959.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas does
ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark and State of Nevada, does hereby declare its determination to make certain
public improvements by installing along that certain street hereinafter described, a
complete street lighting system, to create a special assessment district therefor, and
to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to
frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially ,
benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

SECTION 2. That the Board proposes to improve said street by constructing
thereon street lighting facilities which include concrete bases, aluminum standards,
mercury vapor luminaires, and underground and single overhead wire and series lighting
system, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown
by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file
in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the street which the Board proposes to so have improved,
is the following:

NORTH MAIN STREET from the Northerly line of Bonanza
Road to the north city limits of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

SECTION 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed
to create shall be designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-43,
and it shall include all the lots, premises and property to the full depth of such,
fronting, adjoining and abutting upon such street.

SECTION 5. That the Acting City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams, and
plans of the work, and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the
expense thereof, on file in his office for public inspection and examination.

SECTION 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the
City Hall in said City on Wednesday, the 4th day of March, 1959, at the hour of 8:00
o'clock P.M., PST, to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may be
made by parties interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto.
Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be
filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

SECTION 7.  That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said
estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed
improvement or work, of the location of the improvement, of the district to be assessed
and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that
may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvement. Said notice shall be
given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal
a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, by posting said notices in at
least three public places near the site of said proposed work, and by mailing said
notice, postage prepaid, as first class mail, at least fifteen days prior to such
hearing, to the last known address of each last known owner of land within the
district whose property will be assessed for the cost of the improvements, such addresses
and owners being those appearing on the local property assessment rolls for general
(ad valorem) taxes of the County of Clark, wherein said property is located. Whenever
any notice is mailed as herein provided, the fact that the person to whom it was addressed
does not receive it shall not in any manner invalidate or affect the legality of the
notice thereby given.

SECTION 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of
by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses, or parts of
this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment
shall not affect, impair, or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but
shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and
invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance in any one or

2-4-59