Nevada, as the time and place for public hearing on said petition and recommendation, and
ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid street and part thereof proposed to be vacated
to be posted with a notice setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent
of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Fred Callihan filed with the Clerk of this
Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which notice is attached to said
affidavit, was posted on the 8th day of August, 1958, in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition for vacation and the
recommendation of the City Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence
in support of and there being no opposition to said petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portion of the street
proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and convenience, and that
said vacation will enure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public
nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that a portion of South Thirteenth Street from Oakey Boulevard
Southerly for approximately one hundred (100) feet, more particularly described as follows,
to-wit:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the
Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section 2,

Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M., and being more particularly
described as follows, to-wit:

All that portion of South Thirteenth Street extending Southerly from the
South right of way line of Oakey Boulevard to the North line of the present
Gorman High School Properties, and lying between Blocks 18 and 19 as shown
by map thereof in Book 2 of Plats, page 55, Huntridge Subdivision - Tract 4,

        as Document No. 152512 in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County,

                                                  Nevada, together with all those portions indicated as Easements for Public

Utilities as shown in Block 19 and within Lot 6, Block 18 Huntridge Subdivision
 - Tract 4 aforementioned.

be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED:	September 10, 1958

APPROVED:

s/ C. D. Baker______________

ATTEST:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

s/ Robert F. Boos

ROBERT F. BOOS, Acting City Clerk

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

On this 10th day of September A.D., 1958, personally appeared before me, a Notary
Public in and for said county, C. D. Baker and Robert F. Boos, known to me to be the Mayor
and Acting City Clerk of said City that executed the foregoing instrument, and upon oath,
each for himself did depose and say that he is the officer of said City as above designated;
that he is acquainted with the seal of said City and that the seal affixed to said instrument
is the corporate seal of said City; that the signatures to said instrument were made by
officers of said City as indicated after their signatures; and that said City executed said
instrument freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein stated.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal at my office in
the County of Clark, the day and year in this certificate first above written.

s/ Eileen Carson______________

Notary Public in and for the
County of Clark, State of Nevada

My commission Expires: 1-17-60

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and

Whipple.

STREET WIDTHS	At this time the following members of the Planning Commission were present to discuss the

proposed street widths in the City:

A. H. Cahlan	William Borin

W. D. Phelps	Phillip Empey

Planning Director Bills presented to the City Commission and Planning Commission a report
prepared by the staff of the Planning Department.

Discussion followed and a question was brought up concerning the limiting of "local" streets
to subdivisions, and making it a requirement that adjacent subdivisions maintain the same
street widths.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this matter on the proposed street widths be referred
to the Planning Commission for further study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

9-10-58