Thereupon, the following motion was presented by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commis-
sioner Mundy, and unanimously carried;

RESOLVED, that the Clerk give notice inviting bids on sidewalk construction on Eastside
of Fourth Street in the following form:

NOTICE INVITING BIDS ON SIDEWALK CONSTRUCTION

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will receive bids until three
o'clock P. M. on the 17th day of May, 1927, for the furnishing of all material and labor neces-
sary for the building of a cement concrete sidewalk upon certain portions of the East side of

Fourth Street in said City, according to the plans and specifications now on file with the Clerk

of said Board. Each bid must be accompanied by a certified check in an amount equal to ten per
cent. of the amount bid, payable to the Clerk of said Board. Said certified check to be ret-
urned to bidders whose bids are rejected and to be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas if the

maker of any bid whose bid is accepted, shall fail or refuse to enter into a contract in accordance

therewith within ten days after notice of acceptance.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For construction of sidewalk on
Fourth Street," and addressed to the City Clerk. Bids will be opened by the Board of City Com-
missioners on the 17th day of May, 1927 at three o'clock P. M.

The contract to be let to the lowest responsible bidder, but the Board reserves the right
to reject any and all bids.

The contract as let to be in such form and upon such conditions as said Board may prescribe.
The contractor whose bid is accepted shall furnish a good and sufficient bond in the sum of Fifty
per cent. of the amount of the contract price immediately upon the signing of the contract. The
sufficiency and form of said bond to be subject to the approval of the Board.

General Conditions of the Contract, and Form of bond are on file in the office of Said City
Clerk.

WITNESS my hand and the seal of said City this 9th day of May, 1927.	

		WM. L. SCOTT

(SEAL)	City Clerk

That such notice be published by one insertion in Las Vegas Review May 10th, 1927, setting
time for opening bids on Tuesday the 17th day of May 1927, at 3 o'clock P. M.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered and
upon motion duly made that the meeting adjourn until Tuesday , May 10th, 1927 at 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 10, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 10th day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

Present: His honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. H, Elwell, and

O.	J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent C. J. Hammond.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Board proceeded at this time to make a canvass of the vote cast at the general city
election held on the 3rd day of May, 1927, and such canvass resulted as follows: