BID 59.22 - GOLF	Commissioner Sharp moved final payment in the amount of $1,038.06 be made

COURSE PUMPHOUSE	to the Acme Electric Company for work completed under Contract #661H.48, Bid

WIRING	No. 59.22 for wiring at the Golf Course Pumphouse and the Royal Indemnity

Company Performance Bond be released.

Final Payment and

Release of Bond	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

INFORMAL BID	Commissioner Fountain moved final payment in the amount of $1,255 be made to the

#I- 7-59 - STREET	Acme Electric Company for work completed under Informal Bid #I-7-59 for the

LIGHTING; 28TH ST.	installation of Street Lights at 28th Street adjacent to the Roy W. Martin

School and the Home Indemnity Company Performance and Payment Bonds be released.

Final Payment and

Release of Bond	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioner Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

FLOOR REPLACEMENT;	Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Public Works Department to

INDUSTRIAL FIRE	receive informal bids to be opened at 2:00 P.M., November 17, 1959 for the

STATION	removal and replacement of the floor and addition of fill in the dormitory

of the Industrial Fire Station at an estimated cost of $1,850, be approved.

Approved to

Receive Informal	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Bids	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson

voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE STATION	Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Public Works Department to

WIRING	advertise for bids to be opened at 8:00 P.M. on November 18, 1959, for

electrical wiring installation in the Police Station Building, to include panels
Approved to go	and emergency lighting, be approved,

to Bid

November 18, 1959	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

BUILDING MOVING	Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Donald and Christine Strickland for

Donald & Christine	permission to move a frame and stucco wigwam building from Henderson and store

Strickland	it at 1320 South "A" Street be approved and the following letter made a part

of the official minutes:

Approved

November 5, 1959

Mr. Robinson
Building Dept.

City Hall

Las Vegas, Nevada

Dear Mr. Robinson:

This confirms that Mr. and Mrs. Don Strickland will store the
wigwam building on the premises of Lincoln Welding, South A Street,

Las Vegas, and will not use it for commercial purposes.

Very truly yours,

PAUL L. LARSEN

PLL/fm

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

FREMONT STREET	Director of Public Works presented a report on the petition for proposed street

LIGHTING AND	lighting on Fremont Street from 6th Street to the intersection with East

WIDENING	Charleston Boulevard and proposed street widening on Fremont Street from 7th

Assessment 	Street to 14th Street, Assessment District 1100-28. This proposed assessment

District 100-28	district for street lighting only on Fremont was held in abeyance at the regular

meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on May 20, 1959, so further
Resolution of Intention	study could be given to the inclusion of the street widening.

Adopted

Mr. Sauer stated a majority of the property owners are in favor of this
assessment district. He also advised the Commission the State of Nevada would
contribute $15,000 toward the street widening; estimated cost for this 
assessment district was $177,000 of which $143,000 was for the street lighting and
$34,000 for the street widening.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following Resolution of Intention to determine
the area and direct Engineer to prepare and file maps, plans and diagrams, be
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has
been and still is without adequate street lighting facilities, and it is believed
it would be beneficial to the City to increase the width of said street; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following street be
improved by the installation of adequate street lighting and by increasing the
width thereof;

10-23-59