LIQUOR APPLICATIONS -	At this time the following applications for new liquor licenses for the

New	fourth quarter of 1950 were presented to the Board for their con-

sideration:

 

ANDY'S LIQUOR STORE	Andrew L. Bruner	1320 D Street	Retail	Package

ECONOMY ICE SERVICE	Frank L. Levi	422 Jefferson	Retail	Rest. Bev.

LAURA MCVADE	Laura McVade	1314 F Street	Sealed	Pkg. (Min.)

THOMAS &J3AKEY	Thomas A. Oakey	1140 Maryland	Sealed	Pkg. (Min.)

STANDARD MARKET	Frank Dio Dato	602 South 5th	Retail	Package

Commissioner Moore moved the foregoing applications for liquor licenses
for the fourth quarter of 1950 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore and Peccole voting aye. Commissioner Whipple
passed his vote. Mayor Cragin voted aye on all applications except the
application of Laura McVade.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS -	Commissioner Moore moved the application of C.J. Griego, El Somberero Cafe

El Somberero Cafe	807 South Main for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license for the fourth

 	quarter of 1950 be granted subject to the favorable recommendation of the

Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ruth E. Cannon and Arthur Nunez,

All Nite Market	All Nite Market, 921 South Main Street for a Retail Beverage license for the

fourth quarter of 1950 be granted subject to the favorable recommendation of
	the Police Department on the new partner, Arthur Nunez.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Peccole moved the application of J.K. Houssels, Chatterbox,

Chatterbox	2 Fremont, formerly Talk O the Town, for a Retail Tavern liquor license for

	the fourth quarter of 1950 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
hoes, none.

RECESS	Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting recess for ten minutes.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

RECONVENED	His Honor called the meeting to order at the hour of 4:20 P.M. with all

	members present as of the opening session.

NELLIS AIR FORCE BASE -	Commissioner Moore moved the matter of the acquisition of Nellis Air Force

Acquisition by Government	Base by the Government be held in abeyance until October 4, 1950.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting,

Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor Noting aye;
noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 4, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 4th day of
October, 1950 was called to order at the hour of 3:50 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin with the following members present: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole; City Attorney Howard W. Cannon, City
Manager C.W. Shelley and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Bunker moved the application for renewal of gaming license of

Eldorado Club	the Eldorado Club Inc., 128 Fremont Street, by Arthur Rozen for 78 slot

machines, 2 Craps, 3 "21", 2 Roulette, 1 Race Horse Keno, 1 Race Horse
	Book, 1 Sports Book, 2 Poker and 1 Pan for the fourth quarter of 1950 be

granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Whipple.