PURCHASE OF STEEL BUILDING
Approved

ASSISTANT ENGINEER
Hiring Approved

IMPROVEMENT OF STREETS
St. Louis & Eastern

BEVERLY GREEN TRACT
NO. 3

Improvements Accepted

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO.
100-25

Opening of Bids Set
Changes Allowed

WESTSIDE STREET LIGHTING
Extra Work Approved

CHARLESTON BOULEVARD
Increase of Width

PURCHASE OF CONCRETE
BUMPERS

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS



25th Street

Sec. 26, T20S, R61E
Streets

 Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Director of Public Works for permission to
purchase a Butler Steel building for warehouse purposes for the City Barns be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of City Engineer, George Wade to hire
Francis G. Yates as Assistant Engineer at a starting salary of $600 per month be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The request of the Director of Public Works for permission to proceed with grading and
improving of St. Louis and Eastern Avenues, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that bids for this work be opened on
September 15, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements in Beverly Green, Tract No. 3 be accepted and
the performance bond on file released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the driveways on 5th street be increased to 35 feet as requested
by the State Highway Department, that the change in aluminum to steel poles in
Assessment District No. 100-25 be allowed, and that bids for the installation of
improvements in this street lighting district be opened on September 22, 1954, at
8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer for extra work on the
Westside Street Lighting project by Harry Brewer, Contractor in the amount of $209.00
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none'

City Engineer George Wade requested approval to increase the width of Charleston
Boulevard between 2nd and 10th Street from sixty-four to sixty-eight feet.

The Commissioners advised the City Engineer to make this increase in width
wherever there is not an existing curb and gutter.

At this time City Engineer George Wade presented the proposal of the Superior
Concrete Specialties to furnish three hundred sections of Concrete Bumper Rails
according to specifications at a total cost of $2,535.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved this proposal be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for the
widening of 25th Street, executed by George H. and Kathleen M. Cobb, dated August 24, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made.

BE IT RESOLVED the 1st day of September, 1954 by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24th day of
August, 1954, executed by George H. and Kathleen M. Cobb to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for street purposes in
Section 26, T20S, R61E, executed by George H. and Kathleen M. Cobb, dated August 24, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Jarrett, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made.

BE IT RESOLVED this 1st day of September, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 24th
day of August, 1954, executed by George H. and Kathleen M. Cobb to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

9-1-54