USE PERMIT

Rt. Rev. R. J. Dwyer

U-15-55

USE PERMIT

Max Kehn

U-10-55

REZONING

Rancho Park Inc.

Z-14-55

REZONING

David Zenoff

z-15-55

McNEIL PARK SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map

BROADMOOR ESTATES
Tentative Map

TAXICAB APPLICATION
Addition

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for a variance be denied.

This motion died for lack of a second.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of the Rt. Rev. R. J. Dwyer,

Bishop of Reno, for a use permit to erect a church and rectory on property situated at the
SE corner of St. Louis and Eastern Avenues, continued from May 4, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this application for a use permit be held until the property
has been acquired by the Church.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Max Kehn for a use permit to convert
an existing apartment building into a maximum of five (5) medical and dental offices at
400-402 South 12th Street, Block 16, Lots 17 and 18, Pioneer Heights Addition, continued
from April 20, 1955.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple advised the Board that a letter had been received from Mr. Kehn
requesting continuance of this matter until June 15, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Max Kehn for a use permit to convert an
existing apartment building into a maximum of five (5) medical and dental offices be
continued until the regular meeting on June 15, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Rancho Park, Incorporated, for
reclassification of SE¼ of NE¼, Sec. 32, T21S, R61E, from R-E to R-1, approved by the
Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the application of Rancho Park, Incorpor-
ated, for reclassification of SE¼ of NE¼, Sec. 32, T21S, R61E, from R-E to R-1 be held at
the regular meeting on June 15, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.; and further that the Planning Commission
be requested to submit a recommendation on the school site in this subdivision at said
public hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The application of David Zenoff to reclassify lots 49-54 inclusive and a portion of Lot
in Block 6, Amended Plat of Noblitt Addition (South 150' of E½ of Block 6, adjacent to
Ogden) from R-2 to R-3, approved by the Planning Commission, was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the application of David Zenoff to
reclassify lots 49-54 inclusive and a portion of Lot in Block 6, Amended Plat of Noblitt
Addition from R-2 to R-3 be held at the regular meeting on June 15, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the tentative map of McNeil Park Subdivision, approved by the Planning
Commission, was considered.

Commissioner Sharp moved that action on this tentative map of McNeil Park Subdivision be
held until the street cul-de-sacs are extended to the west property line and a school site
is obtained.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration of the Board was given to the tentative map of Broadmoor Estates, 75 acres
in the N½ of NE¼, Sec. 29, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that action on the tentative map of Broadmoor Estates be held
until the school site is obtained.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager George H. Rounthwaite recommended that the application of the Union Cab
Company for a license for one additional taxi be approved.

5-18-55