OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
SEPTEMBER 7th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 7th day of September 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German,
Down and Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board entered into a lengthy discussion the the handling of garbage
in the City of Las Vegas, and ways and means of financing the same.

After spending considerable time on the matter and no decision being reached the
meeting recessed to meet on the 12th day of September 1934 at the hour three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
SEPTEMBER 12th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 12th day of September 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble,
and German, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that W.C. German Police Commissioner be granted a thirty day leave of absence.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner German not voting.

Mr. Silva from the N.E.R.A. office appeared before the Board with necessary papers for
the sewer cleaning project to be conducted under the N.E.R.A. Said papers were executed by
the Mayor and the required number of the Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. The project
to cost the City approximately $72.00 for transportation, equipment and tools.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the bond of the Outpost Trading Company be approved by the Board. Said bond being
from a company qualified to transact business in the State of Nevada for the present year, and
said bond being in proper form, said form being approved by City Attorney Henderson.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Arnett and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner German being excused before the motion was introduced.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 19th day of September at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 19th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 19th day of September 1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll Call showed the following present Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down, City Attorney
Henderson, and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, and Commissioner German.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
Commissioner Down act as Chairman of the meeting owing to the absence of both the Mayor and
Mayor Pro Tem.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Arnett and Acting Mayor Jas. H. Down voting Aye.
Noes none.