Mr. Becker agreed to put in the improvements on the School Board's half of the street,
it would satisfy the School District requirements for a prior tentative map of Mr.
Becker's. This agreement which had been arrived at appeared to be acceptable to all
concerned. Mr. Bills added that he had received a letter from Mr. Becker confirming
this agreement.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map for Charleston Estates #1 be approved
subject to the installation of all offsite improvements for the complete street by
the developer as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

USE PERMIT U-17-58	The Commission considered the application of the Greater Faith Baptist Church for

Greater Faith Baptist	approval of a new and different plot plan. This use permit was approved by the Board

Church	of City Commissioners at their regular meeting held December 17,1958, for the 

construction of a church at the southeast corner of Highland Drive and Jefferson Avenue,

New Plot Plan	on the condition that they conform to the plot plan which was submitted at that time.

Approved

Planning Director Bills stated that a building permit had not been issued; however, the
footings had been poured and their location does not conform to the approved plot
	plan, consequently, they were now asking for approval of this new plan. He added

that the Building Department stated that the footings are not structurally adequate
and did not meet the code for the proposed church.

Mr. Bills explained that through some misunderstanding the church did not understand
that a building permit was required and construction was started contrary to the 
original plot plan. This matter was then discussed with Reverend P. S. Walker and he 
submitted an alternate plan showing the building to be constructed according to the way
the footings were put in. The Board of Zoning Adjustment did not approve this plan;
however, they recommended approval if the east setback be increased to 13' and the south
setback to 17' which would conform to the normal 10% side yard requirements. There
were no protests.

Reverend Walker was present and stated that he was of the opinion that the footings
were adequate, and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple reminded him that they did not meet the
requirements according to City standards. Mr. Bills stated that the plans called
for 12" x 24" footings whereas 10" x 16" were put in. Reverend Walker stated it
would be difficult to destroy what had been done and in regard to the 3' and 5'
they were off on the placement of the footings that it seemed they should be able
to get together.

Commissioner Sharp reminded him that in December this setback was agreed to and
that was one of the conditions on which the use permit was approved. Commissioner
Sharp further advised him that he should have consulted the City Department before
he decided to make his own changes. City Manager Kennedy reminded Reverend Walker
	that it would be necessary to get a building permit.

	Commissioner Sharp moved that this new plan be approved subject to the conditions

that the east setback be increased to 13' and the south setback to 17' which would
conform to the normal 10% side yard requirements and that the use of the footings
that have been poured be disapproved inasmuch as they do not allow the proper 
setback and are not structurally adequate and do not meet the code for the proposed
church.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VARIANCE (V-7-59)	The Commission considered	the application	of	Nick Romer for a variance to construct

Nick Komer	a building with 5' of the	rear property line	on property located at 1121 South 3rd

between Charleston and 4th Place, legally described as Lot 8, Block 21, Boulder
Referred to Traffic and                   Addition in an R-4 zone.

Parking Commission

Planning Director Bills stated that the Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended
approval; and that there were two protests; however, it is recommended that this
application be referred to the Traffic and Parking Commission in regard to off-street
parking requirements.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if Mr. Romer was present and he was not.

VARIANCE (V-8-59)	The Commission considered the application of Martin Kutzen for a variance to enclose

Martin Kutzen	an existing, legal, nonconforming carport on property located at 3317 West Charleston

Blvd., legally described as Lot 13, Block 1, Westleigh Subdivision #1 in an R-1
Approved	zone. The Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended approval subject to conformance

to the plot plan as submitted. There were no protests.

Planning Director Bills explained that the variance for the carport was approved
two or three years ago and now Mr. Kutzen wishes to enclose it for use as a family
room.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Martin Kutzen for a variance to
enclose an existing, legal, nonconforming carport on property located at 3317 West
Charleston Blvd., legally described as Lot 13, Block 1, Westleigh Subdivision #1
in an R-l zone be approved subject to conformance to the plot plan as submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VARIANCE (V 9-59)	The Commission considered the application of Ben Bergan for a variance to construct an

Ben Bergan	addition to an existing duplex within the required side yard, 3' from the side property 

line on property located at 217 South 13th Street, legally described as Lot 5,
Approved	Block 11, Ladd Addition, in an R-4 zone. The Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended