AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that the sale of said Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars of bonds shall
be at private sale, as is provided in the above mentioned and entitled act, it appearing to the
Board that it is for the best interests of the said City of Las Vegas that the sale of said bonds
be at private sale, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: that this Board be and it is hereby authorized to consider any propos-
itions for the purchase of said Sex Thousand (6,000.00) dollars of bonds which may come before
the Board at this time, and in the event that any of such propositions may appear advantageous to the
said City of Las Vegas said Board is hereby authorized and empowered to sell such bonds forthwith,
as may be for the best advantage of the said City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

CLERK	MAYOR.

Said resolution was passed on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and Hie
Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon the Board took under consideration the question of the sale at private sale of
Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars Las Vegas Highway Bonds, this being the amount required to take
care of the improvement of Fifth Street from the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the South
west City limits, a distance of approximately two miles, said construction work to be done in con-
nection with Federal Aid, and said proposed sale having been decided upon at regular adjourned
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 10th day of Dec-
ember, A.D. 1925.

The Clerk then presented the following telegram from the State Board of Finance of the
State of Nevada:

Carson City, Nevada.

Dec. 8, 1925.

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

State Board of Finance will purchase six thousand additional Las Vegas Highway bonds same

previously paid. Your may ship bonds with draft attached through bank or send same to us by re-
gistered mail and we will immediately send warrant for same.

Ed. Malley,

State Treasurer.

At this time C. S. Wengert of the Fist State Bank of Las Vegas also appeared before the
Board and presented the offer of said Bank to purchase the above mentioned bonds at the same price
as that offered by the State Board of finance, to-wit the sum of Six Thousand Two Hundred Eight-
Four and Eighty-eight one hundredths ($6,284.88) Dollars, and accrued interest.

Thereupon after some discussion of the matter, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the offer of the local bank be accented and the bonds
sold to said First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada for the above mentioned sum of Six Thousand
Tow Hundred Eighty-four and Eighty-eight hundredths ($6,284.88) Dollars and accrued interest, and
that the Clerk be directed to write to the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada, ex-
pressing the appreciation of the Board for the co-operation of said State Board of Finance. Vot-
ing on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the. Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Prepared and issued by

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.