GOLF COURSE TOURNAMENT	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Golf Board that the Mayor and Board

POLICY	of Commissioners approve a policy of the Golf Board in regard to tournaments at Municipal

Golf Course; said policy having been adopted by the Golf Board, November 7, 1957; as
Approved	follows:

"That no tournaments are to be played at the
Municipal Golf Course on week-ends or holidays
that will attract or draw players from outside
of Clark County except the Las Vegas Golfers
Association's Tournaments."

Commissioner Sharp moved the above policy be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE REQUISITION	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for Purchase Requisition No. 3130 in the amount

NO. 3130	of $675.00 to Nevada Motorcycle & Scooter Sales, 2538 E. Charleston, Las Vegas, for a

Cushman Truckster	Cushman Truckster for the Park and Cemetery Department.

Park & Cemetery Dept.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3130 in the amount of $675.00 to
Approved	Nevada Motorcycles & Scooter Sales, 2538 E. Charleston, Las Vegas, for a Cushman Truckster

for the Park and Cemetery Department be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE ORDER	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of Purchase Order #4538 in the amount of $163.60

Nevada Electric Company            for retention payment to the Nevada Electric Company for lighting at 10th and Charleston,

Contract 211H.5.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Order No. 4538 in the amount of $163.60 for
retention payment to the Nevada Electric Company for lighting at 10th and Charleston,

Contract 211H.5, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant
register and the Director of Finance and Treasurer be authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE	City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance as of November 30, 1958 was

$619,244.56. There were no monies paid out on refund of liquor or gaming licenses. Gross
net payroll was an estimated $104,687.80.

TRAFFIC & PARKING	Commissioner	Sharp moved that	Dan Smith be reappointed to the Traffic and Parking	Commission

COMMISSION	with term to	expire August 2,	1962.

Reappointment

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;	noes, none.

ELECTRICAL EXAMINING	Commissioner Sharp moved that A. P. Gibson and Harvey Luce	be reappointed	to	the	Electrical

BOARD	Examining Board with terms to expire December 21, 1961.

Reappointment

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOLICITATIONS REVIEW	Commissioner	Sharp moved that	David Bayer and Zelvin Lowman be reappointed	to the	Solicitations

BOARD	Review Board with terms to expire December 9, 1960.

Reappointments

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;	noes, none.

SUPERINTENDENT OF	City Manager Kennedy recommended that Ervin E. Nelson, Jr., of Phoenix,	Arizona	be	appointed

STREETS	as Superintendent of Streets, to begin work on January 15,	1959*

Ervin E. Nelson, Jr.,

Applicant

CITY ATTORNEY	City Manager Kennedy requested the appointment of Assistant City Attorney Ralston 0.

Ralston O. Hawkins	Hawkins to fill the post of City Attorney which has been	vacated	by	Howard W. Cannon.

Appointment	Commissioner Fountain moved that Ralston O. Hawkins be appointed	as	City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NORTH LAS VEGAS	City Manager Kennedy reported that the lease of City Property to the North Las Vegas American

AMERICAN LEGION	Legion and V.F.W. had been worked out and that the City Attorney would prepare the necessary

AND V. F. W.	agreement and contact these people to sign the necessary papers so that the matter may be

brought before the Board of City Commissioners at their next regular meeting.

Lease of City Property

DERBY TURF CLUB	City Manager Kennedy again presented the request of Frank Cobert for reconsideration by

Frank Cobert	the Board of Commissioners for purchase of 1/3 interest in the Racebook and Sportsbook

licenses at the Derby Turf Club. This application was previously denied due to unfavorable
Held in Abeyance	police report, at Commission meeting held July 2, 1958.

At the meeting of November 19, 1958, reconsideration was	given this	application and	referred

to the City Manager.

Mr. Kennedy informed the Board that Chief Sheffer advised there are still some replies that
have not been received in regard to the investigation of Mr. Frank Cobert.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Frank Cobert for the purchase of 1/3 interest
in the Racebook and Sportsbook licenses at the Derby Turf Club be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

12-17-58