in this area had been consistently denied due to the density of liquor stores
located there.

With reference to a statement made by Mr. Julian at a previous Commission meeting
that there was no objection from the liquor store operator across the street from
this location, Mr. Taylor advised that Mr. Pete Reed, the operator of this establishment, 
was ill with a touch of pneumonia and was unable to appear personally to
protest. Subsequently, Mr. Reed wrote a letter to the Commission stating his
objections, and Mr. Taylor stated Mr. Reed was present at this time and would
like to speak to the Commission.

Mr. Pete Reed made a statement to the Board that he felt it would be a threat to
his economy if this application was approved and requested the Commission to give
this matter due consideration before issuing this license.

Mr. Taylor presented a map he had obtained from Mr. Bills, Director of Planning,
showing one and one-half square miles of the area concerned with a population of
7500 people. He stated there are presently nine package liquor stores and four
taverns, not including grocery stores that sell liquor or eating places that
serve beer and wine, in this area.

Mr. Taylor continued that there were five liquor stores in the Strip area and
mentioned them by name. He concluded that his statement was based on facts and
requested this application be denied.

Madison Graves, Attorney, spoke on the behalf of Joseph Julian, stating that he
did not think the licenses in the County had any influence on this Commission and
further, that Mr. Taylor was wrong in his facts and Jean Dutton could verify this.

He stated there were presently 43 package liquor licenses issued and based on
population of 45,000; if one such license per 1,000 population there would be
two such licenses available. He mentioned that a recent figure of 55,000 population 
given out by the Chamber of Commerce might possibly mean there were 12 more
available.

Mr. Graves continued that the area of the Francisco Square Shopping Center is twice
the area of Market Town which is considered a shopping center. He was of the opinion
this application should be approved based on the precedent of Market Town, and
believed this was similar to the policy applied in the case of a 100-room hotel.

Mr. Graves thought the type of shop Joe Julian was going to have would be a credit
to the City and he mentioned the fact there was a favorable police report on the
applicant.

He concluded this was a desirable area and he felt Joe Julian was qualified and
this application should be approved; further, that this was the third time the
application had been before the Commission and it was desired that it should be
acted upon at this time,

Mr. Murray Peterson of the Round-Up Liquor Store stated a letter of protest to
this application had been sent to the Commission and he wanted to make it plain
they were not interested in another liquor store in this area. He added that they
pay high taxes and worked hard to make a living and operate properly. He continued
that he had no quarrel with Mr. Julian or Mr. Graves but believed careful consideration 
should be given this application and that this Commission was not tied by any
precedence.

Commissioner Sharp asked Joseph Julian if he would be the sole owner and operator
of this establishment and he replied in the affirmative. City Attorney Cory asked
about the slot machines he might install and Mr. Julian advised there would be no
percentages by anyone. Mr. Julian stated his residence was 129 North 21st Street.

Commissioner Whipple stated in the last several years, 10 applicants had been turned
down because of the excess of such establishments in this area and it made it difficult 
to grant this one and face those applicants previously denied.

Mr. Julian stated that he would not have made application if this had not been a
shopping center; that there were 6,900 people living in the area and a liquor store
would be a convenience to them as there is every other type of store in this center.

He also stated the way the law read he believed this application should be approved.

Commissioner Fountain stated he believed action should be taken and moved the 
application of Joseph Julian for a package liquor and beer bar license at the Joe Julian
Liquor Store, 2400 Las Vegas Boulevard South, be approved as it was to be located in
a shopping center.

There was no second to this motion and the Mayor declared the motion had failed for
the want of a second and stated this matter would be referred back to later at this
meeting.

BEL AIR #5	Commissioner Sharp moved the Bel-Air #5 Tentative Map submitted by the Highland

TENTATIVE MAP	Development Company for property generally located between 17th Street and Burnham,

Bracken and Oakey, comprising of 22 acres, be approved as recommended by the 
Approved	Planning Commission subject to the following conditions:

1.	That the developer be responsible for the improvement of the existing 
dedicated rights-of-way within the general area of the subdivision but which are

   not a part thereof; namely, Bruce Street for a distance of approximately 100'
north and south of Oakey and the west one-half of Burnham for a distance
approximately 100' north and south of Oakey.

2.	Extension of Bracken westward to South 17th Street.

3.	Making Spencer Street to conform to City specifications of 51' minimum width.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

7-15-59