ordinances in conflict with said amendments."

Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
said proposed ordinance be amended by inserting the words "or other obstruction" after the word
"screen", between lines 16 and 17, page 2. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson and
Elwell, Aye. His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German Voting no.

After listening to considerable discussion regarding said proposed ordinance, the same was
passed and adopted, on motion of commissioner Elwell, upon the following vote:- Commissioners
Anderson and Elwell , Aye. His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, No.

At this time Division Engineer C. C. Boyer of the Department of Highways, submitted his est-
imate on the proposed improvement by gravel surfacing 16 foot strips on either side of the proposed

18 foot Federal Aid Highway, and the same was ordered placed on file.

At this time the clerk presented the following communication:-

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Dec. 4, 1921.

To the Honorable Mayor and
City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:-

Some time a go an occasion arose in which it was quite essential that the City have
a brass band. Since there are in the City a number of men who have had band experience it
was possible to organize such a band for that occasion.

Occasions arise in every city when such an organization is needed and we hope this
will be particularly true of Las Vegas in the next year or two.

The individual band men of the City would be glad to give their time for practice but
hardly feel that they can stand the expense of music, rent etc.

Therefore the Las Vegas Municipal and asks the city commissioners to help defray
the expense of rent and music to and amount not to exceed fourteen dollars per month.

Respectfully submitted,

Giles Morrison, Manager.	Las Vegas Municipal Band.

By Ferris Doolittle, Secy.

Whereupon the Clerk was directed to notify the Las Vegas Municipal Band that the Board has
no power to appropriate money for the use suggested.

Thereupon the clerk presented the following communication:-

Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 26, 1923.

Las Vegas City Council.

Gentlemen:-

I have a claim of $22.39 against the City of Las Vegas and Clark County Nevada. I was
employed by Senator Griffith to repair the fence around the fair ground and advised by him
to present my claim to City and County and collect the amount for each. 34 1/2 hours at
62 1/2 cents per hours

L. Heffner.

and it appearing to the Board that this claim is not properly presented, the clerk was
directed to notify Mr. Heffner to present his bill in proper form.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, on
motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until
monday, the 17th day of December, 1923. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor Aye. Noes, None.