Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 578 be adopted
as read.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Annexation



Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed
annexation ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE -	Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Regulation & Sale of	ordinance concerning the regulation and prohibition of the sale of firearms re-

Firearms	quested additional time before reporting.

HEALTH BOARD COMMITTEE
Appointed

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett as members of the Joint
City-County Health Department Board.

ONE-HOUR PARKING PETITION The petition of ay Wittmer and others to provide one-hour parking on North Main
North Main Street from the corner of the Shamrock Hotel to Washington Street was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be referred to the City Manager to conduct
a study on the parking problem in this and other areas of the City, and report back
to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	At this time the Board considered the deed from Gilbert C. and Evelyn Sands Blaine

DEED	for Hastings Avenue from Desert Lane West.

Hastings Avenue

Gilbert & Evelyn Blaine On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried

unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

#477

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of November, 1953. by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 3rd day of November, 1953. executed by Gilbert C. Blaine and Evelyne Sands
Blaine

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

SARATOGA RACE BOOK
SNACK BAR

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager reported and recommended that the Board allow the Silver Slipper
Club donation for a Golf Tournament to be held November 16 through 20, 1953. Recom-
mendation approved.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ll-4-53

Commissioner Whipple moved the action taken tonight in granting a license to Mrs.
Copley to operate a snack bar be rescinded and she be notified as soon as possible
not to open, and this matter held in abeyance until Friday, November 6, 1953; further
that the City Manager investigate this matter and report back to the Board by 4:00
P.M., Friday, November 6th, and that Mr. Sam Cohen, operator of the Saratoga Race
Book be requested before the Board at this meeting, with reference to his license.

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
Program

Award of Bid on
Schedules B & C

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 6, 1953

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 6th day of November, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

City Manager
City Attorney
City Clerk

R. V. Carey
Howard W. Cannon
Shirley Ballinger

At this time the City Manager recommended that the bid of Ralph O. Dixson, being the
lowest qualified bidder, be accepted. The City Engineer concurred in this recommen-
dation.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved in view of the recommendation of the City Manager
and City Engineer, the bid of Ralph O. Dixson for the installation of improvements