URBAN RENEWAL AREA	Commissioner Fountain moved that Marjorie Elliott be appointed as a member of the

ADVISORY COMMITTEE	Urban Renewal Area Advisory Committee to complete the unexpired term of Mrs.

McMillan whose resignation was accepted on July 1, 1959; term to expire January
Marjorie Elliott	1, 1960.

Appointed

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

UNITED FUND OF	City Manager Kennedy presented a request from A. G. Neumeyer, Chairman, Capital

CLARK COUNTY	Funds Committee of the United Fund of Clark County, Inc., requesting a meeting

date be set between the Board of City Commissioners and the United Fund Capital
Community Service	Funds Committee to discuss location of a proposed United Fund Community Service

Building	Building to house participating agencies and other community service agencies.

This matter was discussed at the City Commission Meeting held May 20, 1959, and
deferred until there would be a full Board present.

Commissioner Elwell asked the City Attorney if the City had the right to give
property for such a use and Mr. Cory stated he would like to have the opportunity
to check this out. Commissioner Whipple was of the opinion they should meet with
them and after some discussion it was decided the City Manager should set up a
meeting and in the meantime asked Mr. Cory to investigate the legal aspect.

RECREATION DEPARTMENT           Commissioner Whipple moved the request from the Recreation Department to go to bid
AIR CONDITIONING	at 8:00 p.m. on August 5, 1959, for the refrigeration air conditioning of the

Community Room and Recreation Office at the Dula Recreation Center in the estimated 
Authorized to go	amount of $2,500.00 be approved.	

to Bid - 8-5-59

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

YOUTH ADVISORY COUNCIL              City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Youth Advisory Council respectfully 
Juvenile Problems	recommended to the Mayor and City Commissioners the adoption of more aggressive

action towards juveniles by all local agencies concerned with juvenile problems,
Resolution Adopted and              including District Judges.

50 Deputies Authorized

Commissioner Whipple stated they had a proposed resolution in regard to the 
recommendation of the Youth Advisory Council and City Attorney read the resolution.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

"WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has heretofore
provided for the control of juvenile activities on the streets, alleys, parks and
other public places in the City of Las Vegas by the enactment of a curfew which must
be observed by both children and parents alike; and

WHEREAS, organized juvenile gangs and gathering of hoodlums have become 
prevalent throughout the City and have created a serious problem in the enforcement of the
public peace and the security of the citizens of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, all of such activities are in violation of law and contrary to the best
interests of the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas is ready, willing and
able to enforce the ordinances of said City, in cooperation with all other public
authorities and agencies of the State and of the County, including the juvenile
court of this judicial district;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas hereby directs the police department and all other public officials of
said City to enforce each and every ordinance of said City, and in particular, to
strictly enforce the ordinance pertaining to a curfew for juveniles, and to do all
other things permitted by law to abolish organized gangs of juvenile hoodlums, as
well as adult violators of law in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
hereby expresses its willingness and determination to give all possible assistance
and backing to the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas in carrying out this
Resolution and hereby urges the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas to disband 
loitering groups whenever and wherever found in the City of Las Vegas engaging
in any unlawful activity.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of July, 1959."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

A lady from the audience asked the Board if there was a set penalty for violation
of the curfew law and, if so, why it had not been enforced.

City Attorney Cory stated the City has had a curfew ordinance for many years. Under
our law any child under the age of 12 picked up after the hour of 10:00 p.m. must
be surrendered to his parents; if they are not at home he would be taken to the
Juvenile Home. Any child between the ages of 12 and 18 would be taken to the
Juvenile Home. In both instances the officer is required to make a report to the
office of the Juvenile Probation Office of Clark County and the Eighth Judicial
District Court of Clark County.

Mr. Cory continued that the child was not jailed and he was released by the Juvenile
Probation Officer upon the request of the parents or an officer of the Eighth
Judicial District Court, and the City has no control over him.

7-15-59