it appears to this Board that said Fidelity & Deposit Co. of Maryland is entitled to business

in the State of Nevada, and. Whereas, the form of said bond has been approved by the City Attorney

Now Therefore, be it resolved that the said bond be and the same hereby is accepted and approved

by this Board, and the same is hereby ordered to be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and

attached to the contract of May 4th, 1912. between the City of Las Vegas and American Light and

Water Company," The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners, Stewart, aye, Coughlin



aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. No votes to the contrary

The City Clerk reported that the $40,000 sewer bonds heretofore authorized to be issued had been
presented by the American Light and Water Company and duly signed by the City Clerk and Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, and were ready for delivery to said American Light and Water Company in
accordance with the contract of sale thereof of date May 4, 1912. Thereupon, on motion of Commissi
oner Stewart seconded by Commissioner Mc Govern, the following preamble and Resolution was duly
adopted, viz:	Whereas, it appears to this Board that the American Light & Water Company, in compliance

with the contract into between the City of Las Vegas and said American Light & Water Company
on May 4,1912. has furnished the City of Las Vegas a bond in the sum of $20,000 Which said bonds
has been approved and accepted by this Board, and Whereas, the $40,000 Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds
heretofore authorized to be issued and sold to American Light and Water Company have been prepared
and duly executed by the Mayor and City Clerk and are ready for delivery in accordance with
the contract of sale, and Whereas, the said purchasers. American Light and Water Co. have requested
that said bonds be forwarded through a local bank to some bank in Chicago with draft for the purchase

price thereof attached thereto, together with the receipt of the City Treasurer for the purchase price,

three identifications of the signatures of the Mayor and City Clerk on said bonds
and the certified check for $2,000 heretofore deposited with this Board; said bonds and all of said
papers to be delivered to said American Light and Water Co. upon the payment of said draft, Now
therefore, be it resolved, that the City Treasurer be and he hereby is authorized to execute a
recepit for the purchase price of said bonds as called for and attach the same to a draft for $41.
200.00 to be dr awn by said City Treasurer upon said American Light and Water Company, and said
draft, receipt, identifications of signatures, certified check for $2,000 be delivered to the
First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, together with saiD $40,000 bonds, and the same to be forwarded

to Chicago, Illinois by the First State Bank under letter of instructions to said First
State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be executed by the Mayor and City Clerk as follows, viz:

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 26th, 1912.

To--— First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:

We hand you herewith for collection sight draft in the sum of $41.200 .00 bearing date June
26, 1912. drawn by Ed.W. Clark, City Treasurer of Las Vegas, Nevada, in his own favor upon
American Light and Water Company, Chicago, Illinois and endorsed by the said Ed.W. Clark, Treasurer
to you for collection Attached to said draft ate the following papers, viz:	1, Forty(40) duly

executed City of Las Vegas sewerage Bonds in the principal sum of One thousand Dollars,($1,000)
each, bearing date July,1, 1912. payable to bearer, with interest coupons attached to each of said
bonds representing semi-annual interest payments due at the rate of six per cent. per annum from
date of each bond to the date of maturity of each thereof. 2, Receipt of Ed. W. Clark, City
Treasurer of Las Vegas Nevada for the purchase price of said bonds, viz, $4l.200.00; said receipt
bearing date June, 26, 1912.	3, Identification in triplicate as to the genuineness of the

signatures of Peter Buol, Mayor and Harley A, Harmon City Clerk, appearing on each of said bonds
4, Draft No.213, dated at Chicago, Illinois, April 30, 1912. drawn by American Light and Water
Co. by Earl C. Ulen on Fort Dearbon National Bank, Chicago, Illinois in favor of Henery C. Ulen
in the sum of two thousand dollars, and accepted by said Fort Dearborn National Bank Apr. 30, 1912.
and bearing the endorsement of Henry C. Ulen as follows; " This check is attached to a contract executed

by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and American Light and Water Co. May 4, 1912. and is payable

