OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 5th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 5th day of June 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Commissioner Hansell Arriving late.

Minutes of meeting of May 29th, 1930 read and approved as read.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Mayor Hesse appointed Commissioner Thomas to approve the bills of the Water, Sewer,
and Light Dept. during the absence of Commissioner Hansell, Commissioner of that Dept.

Monies received for the month of May as follows:

$1,456.50 Municipal Court Fines.

548.75	City Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery Lots.

2,005.25	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$25.00	Cemetery Fund.

39.50	W.S. & L. Fund.

440.75	General Fund.

1,500.00	POLICE & FIRE	Fund.

$ 2,005.25	Total.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Ordinance was read to the Board for a first time, and laid over for a second reading: "An
Ordinance to fix, impose and collect a license tax on hawkers and peddlers in the City of
Las Vegas: to provide for the issuance of permits for conducting said business; to define
the duties of certain officers in connection therewith; to fix a penalty for the violation
thereof: to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith and other
matters relating thereto." Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith,
and Thomas, and His Honor Mayor hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

Mr, W.P. Bullock, of the Ulen Company appeared before the Board and presented a
form of application for a permit to install, lay down and maintain a gas plant and system
in the City of Las Vegas. At this time no action was taken in regards to said permit.

B.V. Smith appeared before the Board and protested against the street improvements
in front of his home at 618 South Second. He was informed that the work had not been accepted
and that the Engineer in charge for the City would make a thorough inspection of the work,
and any defects that were found at that time would be taken care of.

Mr. Hickey next appeared before the Board representing the Fit-it Shop in regards
to a filed presented by said Fix-it Shop against the City of Las Vegas. Attorney Stevens
informed the Board at this time that it was not a proper bill against the City.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly passed:

Resolved that L.B. Hansell, Water, Sewer, and Light Commissioner of the City of
Las Vegas, be instructed to investigate the the sewer systems of the Cities of Sparks, and
Reno, Nevada, and that the expense of the trip for the investigation be paid by the City
of Las Vegas. That Commissioner Hansell keep an itemized account, and present same to the
Board upon his return. That the expense of the trip to be born by the City of Las Vegas
should not exceed the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Smith, and
Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. A.H. Koebig Jr. of the firm of Koebig and Koebig appeared before the Board
in regards to the bill for $1000.00 presented by him to the City of Las Vegas. This $1000.00
was due as per contract between the City of Las Vegas and the firm of Koebig and Koebig,
Sanitary Engineers,

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that a warrant be drawn for the sum of One Thousand Dollars as of
cash payments on contract between the City of Las Vegas, and Koebig and Koebig, and same shall
not be construed as an acceptance of the plans and specification called for in contract .

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell,
and Thomas, and Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the board at this time the meeting
recessed until Friday the the 6th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 6th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 6th day of June 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.