MADISON ESTATES
Tentative Map
Woods Construction Co.
Approved

PARKING METERS

Second St., between
Stewart and Mesquite

Approved

NO PARKING ZONE

Main Street, between
Stewart and Carson

Approved

Mr. L. Miranti, be approved, subject to the conditions stated by City
Attorney Cory regarding supplying of water.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Planning Director Bills submitted the tentative map of Madison Estates,
comprising approximately 3 acres and located generally east of "N"
Street, between Harrison and Jefferson, adding that this was a very
small subdivision.

Commissioner Fountain commented that in this particular area there are
some blocks which are not on City water.

Fire Chief C. D. Williams stated this would be an extension of another
small subdivision which is on City water.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Madison Estates submitted
by Woods Construction Co., comprising approximately 3 acres and located
generally east of "N" Street be approved, subject to the vacation of a
portion of "M" Street, as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

The next matter presented was the recommendation of the Traffic and
Parking Commission that parking meters be installed on both sides of
Second Street, between Stewart and Mesquite, subsequent to installation
of curbs.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if there would be enough room for the Fire
Department vehicles to make turns if parking were permitted.

Fire Chief C. D. Williams replied that parking was restricted on the
west side, to permit Fire Department vehicles to make turns and there
was also a restriction on the east side, in front of the Fire Station.

Commissioner Fountain then asked City Manager Kennedy when the curbs
would be installed, and Mr. Kennedy stated this would have to be done
by Assessment District. He went on to say there was quite a parking
problem there, as there was no delineation to show where the curb
should be. As a result, a car will park where the sidewalk should be,
another will park where the curb should be, and, as a result, the
first car is unable to drive out. It was Mr. Kennedy's suggestion
that asphalt curbing be put in and that the meters be placed behind
the asphalt curbing.

Commissioner Fountain moved the installation of parking meters on
Second Street, between Stewart and Mesquite, be approved, conditioned
upon asphalt curbing being first installed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; Commissioner Sharp voting no. Absent: Commissioner
Elwell.

Traffic Engineer Al Bossi presented a recommendation by the Traffic
and Parking Commission that a No Parking Zone be installed along the
west curb line of Main Street, beginning at a point 175' south of
Stewart and extending south to a point 150' south of Carson.

Traffic Engineer Bossi presented a map showing existing traffic and
parking conditions on Main Street today. He explained the orange
areas represented parking meters, the yellow loading areas, and the
red existing no parking areas. He stated that there was almost a
continuous flow of traffic on both Main and Fremont Street, particularly
during the peak of the tourist season. He further pointed out the
location of the Bus Station on the property of the Union Pacific
Railroad and indicated how buses must come to within approximately
100' of the intersection of Main and Fremont in order to make turns,
resulting in serious traffic snarls, due to increased traffic on
Main Street and the increased number of cars trying to make left
turns. He stated that the inside lane is occupied by cars trying to
make left turns, which means cars wishing to go through are all
channeled into one lane.

This proposal would make it possible to make a third south-bound
traffic lane for this portion of Main Street, which would allow the
use of the inside lane strictly for left hand turning movements into
Ogden, Fremont and Carson, and still leave two lanes for through
traffic.

Mr. Bossi went on to state that this would remove parking from the
first alley south of Stewart all the way through and halfway down
the block between Carson and Bridger. He added that approximately 14
meters would be removed, as well as the loading zone in front of
Cashman's and the passenger loading zone in front of the Bus Station.

12-16-59.