Mr. Harold Case, Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department appeared before this Board at this
time in regard to the office of the Fire Marshall of the City of Las Vegas. After some discussion
on the matter on motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the building Inspector of the City of Las Vegas follow up all reports of the Fire
Marshall in regard to fire hazards of all kinds and see that the same are removed or repaired.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A number of gaming applications, liquor and beer applications were brought before the Board
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that JH. Morgan
be granted the gaming licenses applied for and that the Las Vegas Club be granted their applied for
licenses also a retail beverage license for the Las Vegas Club.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that one four card draw poker game license be granted to Mr. Dennis at 4 Fremont St. Game to
be limited to 30 chairs. Also one four card draw poker game license to be issued to the Pache
Club, limit 30 chairs, and one roulette, one craps and one twenty-one game.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The application of Lloyd Young for a wholesale beverage license was presented to the Board
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a whole-
sale beverage license be granted to Lloyd Young. Application being in proper form and money to
cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble the following licenses
were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the
Clerk.

Tavern License to John Graglia at the Apache Bar, Ethel Rapoport at Etherl's Delicatessen,
retail liquor store, and Jacob Strauss beverage 5½% at the cafe of Stella Sawicki.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

APRIL 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German,
and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the mayor.

Honey received for the month of March as follows:

$	210.00 Sale of cemetery Lots

688.65 Sale of Gas to Federal Relief for Dec. 1933
3.639.42 Fees, Licenses and permits
4,538.07 Total.

Money proportioned as follows:

$3,000.00 P and F Fund
	210.00 Cemetery

688.65 Street Fund.

______639.42 General

4,538.07 Total.

Transfer $2,000.00 to Water Sewer Light Fund from General Fund.

"	$1,500.00 to Street Fund from General Fund.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that gaming licenses be granted to the following,

Wm. Joes, Jack Butler, Las Vegas Amusement Corp; Rainbow Club, Boulder Club and Northern
Club. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble all slot machine appli-
cations presented to the Board at this time were granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Upon voting being taken Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voted aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
at a Tavern license be granted Bob Kincaid for the Big Four Tavern, 118 So. 1st St.