112 North Second Lena Silvagne; 4 slot machines 231 Fremont, Reed's City Drug; 16 slot machines,

1	pan game, 1 roulette, 1 crap table, 2 twenty-one for 124 Fremont, P. O. Silvagne; 3 slot ma-
chines for the Apache Cafe, 130 Fremont; 33 slot machines, 2 poker and 1 pan, 3 twenty-one,

2	roulette, 2 crap tables, 1 race horse keno, 1 farobank, for 21-23 Fremont and 7 slot machines
for 19 Fremont signed by J. K. Houssels; 2 slot machines for the Las Vegas Pharmacy, 32 Fremont;

2 slot machines for the White Cross Drug 201 Fremont; 1 slot machine at 10th and Fremont for
Nate Mack, Associated Service; 1 slot machine for Nate Mack at 10th & Fremont (Restaurant);

2	slot machines South Fifth for Lewis Jeffries Service for Nate Mack; 3 slot machines 8 Fremont,
Overland Cafe; 15 slot machines, 1 poker table, 1 pan table, 1 chuck-a-luck, 1 roulette, 2 black
jack, 1 dice game and 1 1¢ roulette (14 chairs) for 116 Fremont, The Jack Pot; 2 slot machines

at 118 South Second, Esquire Bar for Nate Mack; 4 slot machines for 20 Fremont, Silver State Cafe;

4 slot 	machines for	320	Fremont,	Sam's Cafe; 2	slot machines for 315 Fremont, The	Modern	Food Shop;

3	slot	machines for	210	Fremont,	Wimpy's Cafe;	4 slot machines, 5th & Charleston,	Sill's	Drive

Inn; 38 slot machines, 4 panguingue, 1 stud poker, 2 low ball poker, 1 farobank, 1 crap table,

2 roulette wheels, 4 twenty-one tables, 1 big six wheel, 1 hazard table, 1 race horse keno,
for the Pioneer Club at 25 Fremont; 2 slot machines for 21 Fremont for Professional Drug; 5
slot machines at the Sal Sagev Hotel; 1 slot machine 624 South First, Nemanies Grocery Store; 1
slot machine, 1 poker, 1 crap table, 220 North First, Jake Ensley; 1 crap table, 1 poker for
224 North First, C. F. Reid; 2 slot machines for Albert Goot, Food Store at 8th & Fremont.

The following applications held over and denied; held over application of Malcolm C.

Welsh for slot machines and gaming at 122-24 South First, applications denied: The Mint Club
for 1 poker table at 129 Fremont. Vote on the foregoing applications as follows: Commissioner
Smith,	Tinch, Clark	and	Rubidoux	and his Honor	the Mayor voting Ayes; Noes, None.

Upon motion of	Commissioner	Smith it was moved that the sealed package liquor license for

Halley Stewart at 8th & Fremont be granted in the new food store. For lack of a second the mo-
tion failed to carry.

Motion was made by Commissioner Tinch and seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried that
the City accept the Mayfair Tract Number 3 as recommended by the City Engineer and that the
Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign in behalf of the City the map as presented covering
such tract. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting
Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux that the salary of
the City Engineer be increased to $275.00 per month; that the Field Engineer be increased to
 $185.00 per month; that James Kelley, chairman, be increased to $160.00 per month beginning
as of April 1, 1942. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux and his Honor the
Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Smith to authorize Hampton
 Brothers to make 500 additional street markers for street signs. Vote: Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, None.

Commissioner Clark moved and seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux that the City Engineer
Brown work with the local newspapers on an advertising campaign covering the new house numbers.
Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes,
None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Rubidoux that the request of Commissioner Tinch be granted
to make additional jail accommodations to the north side of the Memorial Building to take care
of the increasing prisoners at approximate cost not to exceed $2,000.00; that bid on materials
be returned on the 8th of this month. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and
his Honor the Mayor voting Ayes; Noes, None.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that Commissioner Tinch be allowed 3 additional police-
men on the police force; this motion was seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting
Ayes; Noes, None.

Emergency Ordinance No. 271 entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section 9 of Ordinance No. 165
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to Prohibit Gaming and Operation of Slot
Machines in the City of Las Vegas, without First Obtaining a License Therefor Regulating the
Same, Fixing the Amount of Such License, Providing a Penalty Therefor, Repealing Ordinances
Nos. 77, 82, 88, 103, and 115, and All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith,"
was then read before the Board for the first time. Upon motion by Commissioner Clark and second-
ed by Commissioner Tinch said ordinance was adopted as a first reading and on the second reading
upon motion by Commissioner Clark and seconded by Commissioner Tinch said ordinance was unan-
imously adopted and authorized published in the Las Vegas Age once a week for a period of two
weeks.

Bids on 1,000 gallons of lube oil were next opened. Upon motion by Commissioner Smith se-
conded by Commissioner Clark it was moved and carried that the purchasing agent examine all
bids and arrange to purchase the oil best suited at the lowest corresponding price and award
such bid. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting
Ayes; Noes, None.

Bids were next opened on a l½ ton flat body truck equipped with power winch and take-off
for the sewer department. On motion by Commissioner Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner
Smith it was moved and carried that the bid of James Cashman for one International Truck in the
amount of $1,709.80 be accepted. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and
his Honor the Mayor voting Ayes; Noes, None.

Bids on the heating and ventilating at the Airport Building were next opened. Motion by
Commissioner Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved and carried that the bid
of the Heating & Air Conditioning Supply, Inc. being the lowest bid in the sum of $5,990.0O be
accepted. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting
Aye; Noes, None.

The report of Judge Blad covering the fines for the month of March in the amount of $2,249.50
was next presented to the Board. On motion by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner
Tinch it was moved and carried that the Judge's report be accepted. Vote: Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting Ayes; Noes, None.

Motion was made by Commissioner Rubidoux and seconded by Commissioner Clark that the fol-
lowing liquor applications be granted: Retail Tavern, 124 Fremont Street in the Cocktail