Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-

missioner Whipple.

RESOLUTION	Thereafter, Commissioner Moore moved the following resolution be adopted and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same;

RES O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is the owner of certain property under
lease to the United States Government for military aviation purposes, and under the
provisions of Chapter Two of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada the said
City of Las Vegas is authorized to sell or dispose of property to the United States
Government or any of its agents, and

WHEREAS, it is for the best interests of the citizens of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada that certain lands hereinafter described be conveyed to the United States
Government,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Mayor and the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

Section One:	That the City of Las Vegas convey to the United States

Government in absolute fee simple that property described in Exhibit A
attached hereto, which exhibit is hereby made a part of the resolution
to the same extent as if it were set forth herein in full, it being the
intent that the United States Government shall have the absolute fee of
that area commonly described as the Nellis Air Force Base.

Section Two:	That the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be and

he is hereby authorized and directed to execute a deed for and on behalf
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, under the Seal, attested by the City
Clerk, and deliver same to the United States Government in accordance
with the foregoing.

Section Three:	That the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada be and he is hereby authorized and directed to enter into a sti-
pulation with the United States Government for the condemnation of said
lands in accordance with this resolution upon the condition that the
value of said land be determined to be in the sum of One Dollar ($1.00),
and the said City Attorney is instructed and directed to waive any right
of answer and/or appeal in said condemnation proceedings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Deputy City Clerk	Mayor

**** *********

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 15, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada was held on Wednesday, the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30
o'clock P.M., at the City Hall, being the regular meeting place of said Board, at which
meeting there were present and answering the roll call, the following:

Mayor E. W. Cragin
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Robert T. Moore
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

Absent: None

constituting all the members of said Board. There was also present the following:

City Manager C. W. Shelley
City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston, and
    City Engineer W. C. Anderson

Thereupon, the following proceedings, among others, were duly had and taken.

  SALE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids on the sale of bonds on the
BONDS - West Charleston	   West Charleston Boulevard Sewer Bonds, His Honor opened the following bids:

Boulevard Sewer

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 15, 1950

City Council

City Hall

Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

According your Notice of Sale for the sale of Twenty-Five Thousand Three Hundred
and Ninety-One Dollars and Ninety-Six Cents ($25,391.96) Las Vegas West Charleston
Boulevard Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds Series of August 1, 1950, in the denomina-
tion of One Thousand ($1,000,00) Dollars and one bond in the denomination of Three