Discussion was held at this time concerning the paving of Charleston Boulevard from Hyde
Park to Westleigh Sub-division No. 5. Mr. Kennedy stated that the estimated cost of ex-
tending this improvement east to Rancho Road would cost approximately $18,000. He further
advised that the estimated cost of paving east to Shetland Road would be $8,000.00, and
asked the Commission which plan they preferred.

At this time Commissioner Fountain arrived at the meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that bids for the paving of Charleston Boulevard
from Westleigh Subdivision, Tract No. 5 east to the intersection of Charleston Boule-
vard and Rancho Road be secured.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has received many complaints charging violations
of the Child Nursery Ordinances and Zoning Ordinances by Lawrence LaPenta at 1404 Mary-
land Parkway; and

WHEREAS, complaints have been filed in the Municipal Court, and one case is now
on appeal to the District Court; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the said LaPenta is still operating in the same manner,
and apparently will so do until a determination on these violations is made by the
District Court; and

WHEREAS, the continued operation is a public nuisance; and

WHEREAS, a speedier determination can be obtained by an injunction suit filed in
the District Court if the facts so warrant;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a special meeting held on the 22nd day of August, 1956, that the premises at
1404 Maryland Parkway and the use to which said premises are being put is a public nuisance,
and this matter be referred to the office of the City Attorney for investigation, and if
the situation justifies the filing of a suit for injunction in the opinion of the City
Attorney, the Mayor be and and he is authorized to sign a complaint for injunction to
restrain the violation of the Child Nursery and/or zoning Ordinances.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
September 5, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
5th day of September, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor 
Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition of property owners,
and the recommendation of the Planning Commission for the vacation of certain portions of
Park Circle, a street located in Westwood Park Tract No. 2, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
asked if there were any objections to this vacation. No one present objected, and there
were no protests filed with the Clerk.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for vacation of a portion of Park Circle
be approved and the following order adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 2nd day of July, 1956, signed by four (4) freeholders residing in the
area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation
of the cul-de-sac in Park Circle, hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by
Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its
recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated
July 13, 1936, with the Board recommending the approval of said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 1st day of August, 1956,
at the hour of 8:00 O' clock P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners,
in the City Hall, located at the Northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for the public hearing on said

Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to pause the aforesaid strip of
land proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting for the time and place of

the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

CHARLESTON

BOULEVARD

IMPROVEMENT

RESOLUTION
CHILD NURSERY
ORD. VIOLATION
Lawrence LaPenta

VACATION OF STREET
Park Circle