announced to the Board that the Las Vegas Review would publish all notices at the rate of six
(6) publications for the cost of three (3). publications.

The Clerk then read a letter from the Las Vegas B.P. O.Elks thanking the Board for their
check of $100.00 donation to help defray expenses for the State Elks Convention to be held
in Las Vegas the first week in July. Clerk ordered to place same on file.

The Clerk then read a letter from A. P. Slocum making formal application for the
office of City Engineer. Clerk ordered to place same on file for the time being.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting was
recessed till Wed. June 19th at the hour of three o'clock. P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JUNE 19th 1929.

Recessed regular meeting of the of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas Nevada.

Present Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, Mayor pro tem Smith, also the
City Attorney, Engineer for the City, Supt. of Streets and Clerk. Mayor J. F. Hesse being absent.

Meeting called to order by Mayor pro tem. Minutes of previous meeting laid over.

Letter as follows was read to the Board;

Las Vegas Nevada,

June 18th, 1929.

The Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

City.

Gentlemen:- We, the Board of Education of the Las Vegas Union School District, do hereby
petition your Honorable Board to close Lewis St; between Seventh, and Eight Street.

It is absolutely necessary that this street be closed in order that we may carry
out the plans for the new High School P ant.

One block of this ground was donated by the owners of the Wardie Addition, and
the school Board purchased the other block, in order to have sufficient ground for a High
School Plant.

Please advise immediately if this street will be closed, as the plans must be
altered or another location secured.

Yours very truly,

Las Vegas Union School District.

By E. W. Hunting,

Secretary.

"An ordinance Vacating a Portion of Lewis Street in Wardie Addition to the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for high school purposes" was read for the first time to
the Board.

A resolution was introduced by Commissioners Germain that the support to the City
Library be increased to $90.00 per month starting with the first of June, and that the in
crease of $15.00 be applied to the salary of the Librarian, making her salary $75.00 per mo.

Upon motion duly made, and seconded the resolution was adopted.

Motion by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas. Vote as Follows;

Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German Aye,	Mayor Pro tem Smith  Aye.

Noes None.

Application for the Boulder Club for Gaming License was next considered.

Upon motion by Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and carried
that a gaming license be issued to the Boulder Club for three tables for the third
quarter . Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas Aye, 
the Mayor pro tem Aye. Noes None.

Motion by Commissioner Hansel seconded by Commissioner German carried that the
office of Plumbing Inspector he declare vacant. Vote as follows.