512

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this
application be denied, be accepted, and the follow ng resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 25th day of September, 1953, Gabriel & Andra Sorrentino filed
an application with the Planning Commission for variance to convert an existing
garage, located 5 feet from the rear property line and 3 feet from the side property
line, into an apartment at 1102 Chapman Drive, lot 1, Block 2, Charleston Square
Tract No. 1 in an R-3 Use District; and

WHEREAS, on October 8, 1953 the Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time several objections were voiced and
protestants were present; and

WHEREAS, on October 8, 1953 the Planning Commission voted to deny the
application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would be detrimental to
surrounding property owners; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October
15, 1953? recommending that such variance be denied.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that the application of Gabriel & Andra Sorrentino for variance to convert an existing
garage, located 5 feet from the rear property line and 3 feet from the side property
line, into an apartment be denied, be and the same hereby is accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Jarrett.

VARIANCE V-72-53	The Board of Commissioners considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission

Bertha Montgomery	that the application of Bertha Montgomery to construct and maintain a florist

shop with two apartments on the second floor at 530 South 3rd Street be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this appli-
cation be approved, be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 18th day of September, 1953? Bertha Montgomery filed an appli-
cation with the Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a florist
shop with two apartments on the second floor within 4 feet of the side property line
and 15 feet from the main building. This property located at 530 South 3rd Street
between Clark Avenue and Bonneville Avenue on Lots 17 and 18, Block 23? Clark’s Las
Vegas Townsite in an R-3 Use District;and

WHEREAS, on October 8, 1953? the Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communi-
cations protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on October 8, 1953? the Planning Commission voted to approve the appli-
cation inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surround-
ing properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 14,

1953 recommending that such Variance be granted.



	NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission

that Bertha E. Montgomery be granted a variance to construct and maintain a florist
shop with two apartments on the second floor on property located at 530 South 3rd
Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission on the application of Dr.
Irving Kline for permission to use both units of a duplex located on the northeast
corner of 16th and Charleston as doctors’ offices, was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this
application be approved, be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 11th day of September, 1953? Dr. Irving Kline filed an application
with the Planning Commission for variance to operate and maintain doctor’s offices,
in addition to one which exists in both units of a duplex building and with an inter-
connecting door, on the property located on the northeast corner of 16th and Charleston
Blvd., in an R-3 Use District; and

WHEREAS, on September 24, 1953 the Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communi-
cations protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on September 2k, 1953 the Planning Commission voted to approve the
application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the
surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 13,

1953 recommending that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that Dr. Irving KLine be granted a variance to operate and maintain doctor’s offices,
in addition to one which exists, located on the northeast corner of 16th & Charleston
in an R-3 Use District be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission that William G. Ruymann
be granted a six months’ extension of time to commence construction on a variance,
approved February 26, 1953? was considered. Mr. Ruymann had applied for and been granted



VARIANCE - V-68-53
Dr. Irving Kline

VARIANCE - V-ll-53
Extension Denied
William G. Ruymann