Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and. His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none.. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Renewal	 Commissioner Peccole moved the application of the Las.. Vegas Wranglers by

Change of License Jimmie Schuyler for Retail Restaurant Beverage be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Elijah Pullens, Westside Gro-
cery, 322 Madison, for Retail Beverage License and the application of
    Marguerite C. Segretti, Desert Snack Bar, 222 North Main for Retail Restau-
rant Beverage License be granted pending police investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Fro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Irving I. Gelsin, Dan-Dee
Bar, 203 North 1st, to include Molly Fitspatrick and Ella Cornish on the
   Tavern Liquor License for the Dan-Dee Bar be approved pending police inves-
tigation of Mrs. Fitspatrick and Mrs. Cornish.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor B aker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Patsy Malpede Nevada Bar,

  for Tavern Liquor License be held in abeyance until Mr. Malpede clarifies
the status of ownership of the Nevada Bar.

Change of Location             Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Jim Tatum, Tatum's Bar-B-Q,

410 West Bonanza, for a Restaurant Beverage be approved.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Gaming	Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Vegas Enterprises, Ted and

Dot's Cafe, 306 North Main for 2 slots and C.C. McGovern's application
	for Launderall Automatic, 1615 Fremont for 2 slots be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Renewals	Commissioner Peccole moved the following renewal licenses be approved:

Club Cafe	117 Carson	Harry Levy	3 slots

Deluxe Cafe	614	So.5th	Vegas Enterprises 	        3	"

Hotel Elwell Casino	204	So.1st	Wm. H Elwell	9	"

Hotel Elwell	204	So.1st	O.W. Glenn	1	"

Famous Sandwich Shop	222 Fremont	Vegas Enterprises	2	"

H & B All Nite Market	1619 Fremont	L.L. Brown	3	"

Sal Sagev Tavern	#1 Fremont	J. Kell Houssels	6	"

Steak House	122 So.1st	O.W. Glenn	1	"

Shamrock Hotel	614 North Main	Vegas Enterprises	6	"

Tasty Pastry	413	Fremont	Ted Michelas	2	"

Market Spot	117	Carson	Harry Levy	4	"

New Yorker	115 South 1st	Vegas Enterprises	2	"

Overland Arcade	#4 Fremont	Sid Martin	4	"

Ringside Liquor Store	123 No. 2nd	C.C. McGovern	3	"

Thrifty Liquor & Grill	28 Fremont	Dave Wolzinger	5	"

Thrifty Market	1054 So.Main	James Pickerell	1	"

Virginia's Cafe	917 Fremont	Virginia Barrett	2	"

Desert Snack Bar	222 North Main	Marguerit Segretti	3	"

Additionals	Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Dave Stearns for one additional

"21" Game at the Santa Anita Turf Club, 113 Fremont, be denied. Further
        that no application for additional "21" Games for the Santa Anita Turf
Club be considered by this Board for a period of not less than 60 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote. Absent: Mayor
Baker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Wm. Elwell, Hotel Elwell
  Casino, 204 South 1st, for one additional crap table be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Mayor Baker.

FRONTIER TURF CLUB    Commissioner Peccole moved pursuant to the investigation and recommendation
Race Book	of the Police Department the application of Joe Blumenthal and Al Abrams

for a race horse book at the Frontier Turf Club be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

RECREATION DEFT.	A letter from the Recreational Director recommending a plan for an adult

Folk and Square	recreational program of folk and square dance proposed by Guy Mathis was

Dancing	read to the Board.

	Commissioner Peccole moved the use of the War Memorial Auditorium be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple