March 26, 1958
Las Vegas, Nevada

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 26th day of March, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:30
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

LIQUOR & GAMING	The Commission considered the applications of M.B. Hicks and Associates for gaming

LICENSES	and liquor licenses at the Silver Palace. City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission 

New	that the Police report was favorable, however, it was their recommendation

that Louis Coniglio be restricted to the operation of the restaurant only, and hold
Silver Palace	no managerial position as to the gaming.



Commissioner Whipple moved the applications of M.B. Hicks and Associates for a
license for a tavern and license for 100 slots, 3 Craps, 5 "21", 1 Big 6 and 1
Wheel at the Silver Palace, 31 Fremont be approved subject to the condition that
Louis Coniglio hold no managerial position as to the gaming.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS	Field Engineer Hansen reported that the off-site improvements in Charleston Heights

TRACTS 5 & 5-A	5 and 5-A have been completed, inspections made, and it is recommended that this

subdivision be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Charleston Heights 5 and. 5-A be accepted and the
bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TOWN & COUNTRY	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a letter had been received from

SHOPPING CENTER	Mr. William Peccole requesting the release of the bond posted in connection with

Release of Bond	the improvement known as the Town and Country Shopping Center, located on East

Charleston between Burnham Avenue and the Southern Nevada Power Company easement.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bond posted by Don Atkin, C.L. Martin, William
Peccole and Peter Piccoli be released, subject to the dedication and installation 
of paving curbs and gutter of an additional 30 feet on Burnham Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION ON FENCES	The City Manager reported that a petition has been filed by a portion of the

Cedar Street	property owners on Cedar Street requesting permission to build fences adjacent

to the sidewalk area. Mr. Kennedy requested that this matter be referred to the
Planning Commission for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the petition of the property owners on Cedar Street for
permission to build fences adjacent to the sidewalk area be referred to the Planning 
Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RELEASE OF PRISONER	Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that one of the prisoners in the City Jail, Charles

	McCown has a ruptured spleen and requires specialized care. He requested that

the Mayor be authorized to release Mr. McCown because the Police Department does
not have the facilities to take care of this prisoner.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to release Charles McCown from
the City Jail.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TRANSCRIBING	Mr. Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition for the purchase of transcribing 

EQUIPMENT	equipment for the Police Department. He advised the Commission that this

equipment would permit the officers to dictate their reports and they would be
Purchase Authorized	transcribed by the stenographers in the Records Departments. The City Manager	

stated that bids had been received from two local firms and they were as follows:

Albright's	Dictaphone	$2,495.00

Nevada Typewriter Exchange	Edison Tele-Voice	2,374.90

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 694 to Nevada Typewriter
Exchange for an Edison Tele-Voice transcribing set in the total amount of $2,374.90
be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

3-26-58