Precinct No. 7, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Anna Pieffer
Alice Day
Ruth Cahlan
Clerks:

Anna Vought
Daisy Kramer

Precinct No. 8, Voting Board,
Inspectors:

Clara Wadsworth
Ethel Mackey
Effie Deadrich
Clerks:

Bertha M. Bailey
Amanda Cramer

Precinct No. 9, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Susanna Mankewicz
W.E. Reeder
Caroline Carroll
Clerks:

Holmes L. Warren
Mrs. Perry Young

Precinct No. 7, Counting Board.
Inspectors:

Mabel Butcher Grant
C. J. Harvey
Ethel Matteucci
Clerks:

Mabel C. Ayers
Lillian A. Duff.

Precinct No. 8, Counting Board.
Inspectors:

Julia Cahlan
Alice Henderson
Harriette Hemphill
Clerks:

Billee W. Yates.

Elizabeth Martin.

Precinct No. 9, Counting Board,
Inspectors:

Elizabeth Bailey

T.A. Peterson
Opal Mocock
Clrks:

C.V.T. Gilbert
Zetta Hidden

7.	There shall be required no new registration of electors preceding said special
election; but the County Clerk shall prepare, certify and deliver such registration lists
and perform such duties with regard to said special election as are provided to be performed
by him by the provisions of Sec. 4 of Chapter 40 of the 1929 Session Laws of the State of
Nevada.

8.	The	City	Clerk of said City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized	and	directed to pre-
pare	ballots,	conduct voting by absent electors as provided in Sections	2553 to 2567, inclusive, 

of Nevada Complied Laws, 1929, and particularly:

1.	Upon the	receipt of the returned ballot from the elector, but not later than three

days	prior to	said	election day, the City Clerk shall, opposite the name of the voter in the

book provided for in said Sections 2553 to 2567, inclusive, write in ink the words "Received

---------------; sent to-------------------inspector of election----------precinct-----------

County, Nevada," and shall send by registered mail the envelope containing the ballot,
unopened, to one of the duly appointed inspectors of election where such ballot is to be
voted."

2.	Three days prior to the election in which the ballots are designated to be cast,
the City Clerk shall make a list of the voters who have applied for ballots in accordance
with the provisions of said Sections 2553 to 2567, inclusive, those whose ballots have been
returned, and the precincts in which the ballots are to be voted. A true copy of said list
shall be posted in a conspicuous place in the county courthouse, and a copy shall also be
posted at the polling-place of the predict where the ballots are to be voted.

3.	The city clerk shall, not later than the day preceding said election, deliver to
one of the inspectors of election for each precinct in said city, the book or list prepared
for the precinct in which said inspector of election is to act, as provided in Section 4,
of Chapter 40 of the 1929 Session Laws of the State of Nevada.

4.	The City Clerk shall prepare and deliver to an inspector of election for each
precinct all necessary supplies and equipment as required by the general election law
for the conduct of general elections, such supplies to be delivered to said inspectors not
later than the day preceding such special election.

The City Clerk shall also do and perform such and other and further acts, and give
such notices as may be necessary or required by law, The Charter of the City of Las Vegas or
by the General Election Laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said special election
may be called and held, and that the qualified electors of said City may be given due notice
thereof,

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell
and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that all monies received by the City of Las Vegas, from any sources, except from taxes be
passed through the office of the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Mundy, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

NO further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 21st day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.