Las Vegas, Nevada
March 4, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th
day of March, 1943. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M.

  by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison with the following members present:
Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch; City Auditor, Mac Cazier
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the minutes of the regular meeting of
February 16th and the Special meeting of February 20th be approved by
  reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the

following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

MEMORIAL BUILDING	Commissioner	Rubidoux	made a motion that the bid of I.	R. Stanley for the

WALKS	installation	of walks	in front	of	the	War Memorial Building(which was the

only bid received) be	accepted	in	the	sum of $122.00.	Motion seconded by

i Commissioner	Clark and carried	by	the	following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye; Commissioner Smith and His Honor, Mayor
Howell C. Garrison passed; noes none.

WET GARBAGE

BIDS LET	Bids for the sale of wet garbage were opened at this time. W. T. Stewart

$120.00 a month. Harper & Nielson from St. George, Utah $360.00 a month.

  Due to the inability to substantiate the financial statement of the
bidders from St. George, Utah, Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that
the bid be awarded to W. T. Stewart for $120.00 a month for a period of
one year. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

COFFEE SHOP	Bids for the lease of the Coffee Shop in the airport administration

AIRPORT	building were opened at this time. The bid of the Western Air, Inc.

ADMINISTRATION	  having been received and opened at an earlier date, the proposal of Mills

BUILDING	Enterprise, Inc. was opened at this time. Commissioner Clark moved that

we enter into a lease with the Western Air Express, holding them 

responsible for janitor service, lights, power, maintenance, etc. 

for $100.00 a month with a ten year lease and a five year option. 

At this time Mr. Coburn stated that if the lease could be negotiated 

in a reasonable time they would take care of the lights, heating, etc. 

heretofore used. Further, that the lease be drawn and ready for execution 

at the meeting of March 16. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and 

carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch 

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GRAVEL PIT	Mr. C. L. Martin appeared before the Board and requested permission to

 purchase gravel from the City pit at a suggested price of 5¢ a cubic yard,
stating that he thought 50,000 yards would be sufficient. The matter was
tabled for further investigation.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Clark moved that the sludge that is on the sewer plant site

SLUDGE	 be ground up by Mr. G. H. Borden on a 50-50 basis. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

MEMORIAL BUILDING	Commissioner Clark	moved that the Planning Engineer, C. G. Petrie, submit

SHRUBS	to the Auditor, at	the next regular meeting, a list of the shrubs to be

planted in front of the War Memorial Building, together with a plan for
planting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

CITY BARNS	 Commissioner Clark moved that a gasoline pump for use at the City barns

GASOLINE PUMPS	be bought and installed as soon as possible. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GIBBONS & REED	Commissioner Clark	moved that we accept the check of $3,748.00 from the

REPAIR OF STREETS	sewer contractors,	Bebak, Brkich, Sulato and Ramljak, for the repair of

asphalt pavement on the City streets which have been disturbed by the
laying of sewer mains. Further, that the work be done by the firm of
 Gibbons and Reed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Clark, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

TRAILER ORDINANCE       Mayor Garrison entered an order instructing the Building Inspector to

enforce the Trailer Ordinance.

CITY ENGINEER’S	The City Engineer recommended that map files be secured to replace those

REPORT	   that are at present installed in the vault of the City Clerk's office and

in the drafting room. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the proposal be
rejected. Motion died for want of a second.

U.S.O. - WEST SIDE	 Commissioner Clark moved that the motion heretofore made regarding the

 purchase of cement blocks to be used in the foundation of the U.S.O
building on West Side be recinded and the recommendation of the Street
Superintendent, that approximately 16 yards of Ready-Mix cement be
purchased at a price of approximately $9.00, be approved. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.