Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it

was ordered that the following resolution be adopted" Resolved that an Ad Valorm tax of one

dollar be and the same is hereby levied for the year 1914. upon each one hundred dollars worth

of taxable property situated and lying within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County

Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt by law from

taxation; such tax to be Known and used as " The City of Las Vegas tax for the year 1914,"

according to the provisions of section 51 of an Act of the state of Nevada, entitled " An Act

to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and

to authorize the establishment of a City Government therefor, and other matters relating thereto."

approved March 16th, 1911. Be it further resolved, that said tax rate of one dollar as above

mentioned and specified by levied in the amounts and for the purposes and special fund of the

City as follows towit:- Sinking fund six cents (6) sewer bond interest fund (28 cents) Street

fund (30 cents) General fund (36 cents) and that when collected the same be apportioned to said

special funds as provided and above specified.

The Board then took up the matter of the Bids on sidewalks as presented at the morning

session whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by commissioner Sullivan it was

ordered that this Board take an adjournment of this meeting until February 16th, at ten o'clock



A.M. to consider said bids and any matters that may come before said Board. the vote being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E.
Hawkins voting aye,

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

February 16th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 16th, day of February A.D. 1914 pursuant to adjournment Present Hon.

W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Members P.J. Sullivan, John B. Curtiss, and E.W. Griffith, E.E. Smith
Commissioner being absent.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for the letting of the contract
for street work as per Notice given and said bids having been opened at the regular meeting of
the Board but final decision having been postponed until this date, it was upon motion being
duly made by Commissioner Griffith seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and carried ordered that
the contract for building sidewalks in said City of Las Vegas Nevada as advertised for be granted
to Ja.A. Delameter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada his bid being the lowest bid upon his filing
a good and sufficient bond in the sum of two thousand Five hundred dollars to be approved by the
Board.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the City Attorney be and is



hereby instructed to have written contract drawn to be submitted to the Board for the faithful performance
of said work, At this time the Clerk read a protest from J.H. Ladd to the Board whereby the
said J.H. Ladd protest against the using of a certain highway through his property whereby upon
motion being duly made andncarrled it was ordered that the same be placed on file.