OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 11th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 11th day of July, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Donw, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Two beverage applications were presented to the Board at this time for its consider-
ation and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved that
Joe Pizinger and J.S. Attenacio be granted beverage licenses, applications being in proper
form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following licenses be granted:

Boulder Club 8 Slot machine licenses, two card games, and five devices.

L.L. Arnett 36 Slot Machine Licenses

E.P. Bihlmaier 20 Slot Machine licenses

W.J. Lincoln 1	"	"	"

Professional Drug 2 slot machines
Vegas Sweet Shoppe 31 Slot Machines
White Spot Cafe 3 slot machine licenses

All applications being in proper form and money on file tot cover said licenses the
following vote was called: Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the awarding of a contract for the
furnishing of gasoline to the various departments of the City, and on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that the Clerk be instructed
to publish a notice to gasoline dealers calling attention to the fact that the City would
received sealed bids on gasoline up to Thursday the 18th day of July, at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock P.M. at which time said bids would be opened. Said bids to be for contracts
for one year and six months, and the amount consumed by the City estimated at approx-
imately 2,000 gals per month, quality of gasoline first grade.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mr. Barry Dibble appeared before the Board in regard to the City making
a survey of the power lines in the City of Las Vegas, and after a lengthy discussion on the
matter the following Preamble and Resolution was introduced and passed:

Pursuant to the wishes of the electorate as express at the General City Election held
on the May 7th, 1935, favoring municipal ownership of certain utilities and for the purpose
of securing necessary and accurate data pertaining to that end the Board of City Commissioners
do hereby resolve on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down,

RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized empowered and directed to enter
into a contract in the following form for and on behalf of the City with Mr. Barry Dibble to
obtain the facts, estimates and values so as to enable the City to proceed to create, pr
acquire, maintain and operate a municipally owned electric power and light plant and system
for the distribution of electric power and energy to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas:
Vote on said Resolution was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
and His Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes none.

FORM OF CONTRACT.

A G R E E M E N T

This Agreement, made and entered into this 11th day of July, 1935, by and between THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, a Municipal Corporation, party of the first
part, hereinafter designated as the City, and BARRY DIBBLE of the City of Redlands, Calif-
ornia, hereinafter designated as the party of the second part, WITNESSETH:

That the party of the second part agrees, that he will at his own expense collect and
compile full, true, complete and accurate engineering data upon and relating to the objects
set forth in the hereunto annexed 'Exhibit A', and furnish the same to the City in at least
quadruplicate copies on or before the tenth day of September, 1935,

As and for compensation for such services it is agreed that the said party of the
second part shall have and receive as such compensation therefor the sum of Eleven Hundred
Fifty (1150.00) Dollars, lawful money of the United States, which shall be paid to the party
of the second part upon the completion of the said services and the delivery of the said
quadruplicate copies of such data to the City.

For the considerations herein expressed it is further agreed that should the City, at
some future time, require the party of the second part to appear and testify, relating to
the data and information herein collected and complied, before any court, board of arbit-
ration, commission or body, he will appear at the request of the City and testify relating
to such matters, and he shall receive compensation for such services in the sum of Fifty
($50.00) Dollars per day, plus his actual expenses for travel and while so in attendance
at the request of the City.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the party of the second part has hereunto set his hand and the City
has hereunto caused this contract to be executed by its Mayor hereunto duly authorized.

Signed:

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK
STATE OF NEVADA.

By L.L. Arnett
Its Mayor.

Barry Dibble
Party of the Second Part.

Attest:

Viola Burns	(City Seal)

City Clerk