Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
March 21st, 1913.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held pursuant to a call of the Hon. Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel. Present Hon Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, and his honor the Mayor. protem. The Clerk thereupon read the call
and notice of said special meeting with affidavits of service thereto attached. where upon motion
duly made by McGovern and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried it was ordered that said all and
Notice be spread in full upon the minutes of said meeting as follows towit

Las Vegas, Nevada March,21st, 1913.

To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Your are hereby notified that I have called a special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 21st, day of March,

1913. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. on said day for the purposes of considering and acting on
matters concerning streets and public places and street cleaning and street improvements . You are
hereby directed to give notice to each of the Commissioners of said Board of the time, place and
objects of said special meeting.

Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor protem.

Filed March 21st, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada. March 21st, 1913.

To Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor protem, Commissioners, Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern.

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

You are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor Pro-tem,
a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners will be held at the office of the City Clerk
in the City of Las Vegas on the 21st, day of March, 1913. at the hour of eight o'clocK P.M. for
the purpose of considering and acting on matters concerning streets and public places and street
cleaning and street improvements	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(SEAL)	Filed this 21st, day of March A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City ClerK in and for
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I made personal service of the above Notice
on the aforesaid Commissioners, by handing to them personally a copy of the aforesaid notice of
said special meeting.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada this 21st, day of March

A.D. 1913.

Filed March 21st, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City ClerK.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded
by Coughlin the following resolution was duly adopted: " Resolved that the Commissioner of Streets
and alleys be and he is hereby authorized and directed to proceed with the permanent improvements
of the streets of the City of Las Vegas under the plan heretofore and hereby adopted by this Board
upon the advise and suggestion of the Committee on roads of Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce namely
to grade, gravel, and oil the streets of said City to the extent of moneys hereby appropriated.

Be it further resolved that said work be done and all materials ordered and placed under the
direction of the commissioner of streets and alleys and his assistant Mr Chatsfield, upon such
Plan as they may adopt. to conform substantially to the plan advised and reported by said
Committee of the Chamber of Commerce. Be it further Resolved, that the sum of $2800.00 be and

the same is hereby set apart out of the funds now in the street fund of the City of Las Vegas