from July 30th to August 9th inclusive. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, the meeting adjourned.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of August,

1942. Meeting called to order by Mayor Howell C. Garrison with the following members
present: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch. City Attorney, Paul Ralli.

LeRoy Whipple, Purchasing agent. A. W. Blackman, city auditor. City clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and ordered corrected to show that Commissioner
Clark was appointed on the committee regarding the moving of city barns instead of Commissioner
Smith. Thereafter said Minutes were approved as corrected.

The report of the city attorney was read at this time.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the city attorney be accepted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Tinch voted no.

Commissioner Smith moved that the appointment of Marion B. Earl, Esq., by our city
attorney, Paul Ralli, to act as deputy city attorney from August 4th to 18th inclusive be
approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The bid from the Western Air Express for space at the airport Administration Building
was opened at this time. It being the only one returned.

Commissioner Smith moved that said bid be held over. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 710 to 717 inclusive be allowed. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioners Tinch and Smith were appointed to investigate the matter of parking meters.

Mr. Botts offered to work with said committee.

The city attorney was requested to submit an opinion by Wednesday, August 5th, as to
whose duty it is to enforce the trailer ordinance. It being the opinion of the Commissioners
that it is the duty of the building inspector to enforce the law insofar as tents and shacks
are concerned.

At this time, Dr. J. D. Smith, on behalf of American Legion Post #8, presented the City
of Las Vegas with a Flag of the United States of America. Mayor Garrison expressed the
thanks of the City

Commissioner Smith moved that an adequate Resolution be drawn by the city attorney
for the presentation to the Board of Commissioners to the American Legion and those connected
in the presentation of the American Flag. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the check from the municipal judge in the amount of $3,034.50
representing court fines for the month of July be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that a Seagraves fire truck be purchased for $8,350.00 and the
Mayor be authorized to execute the purchase agreement. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city accept the check of $1500 from the county as their
share toward the Civilian Defense fund and that the city obligate itself for a like
amount - further, that all claims be taken care of as presented. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing agent issue a requisition for supplies
needed by the Civilian Defense Council and that a check be drawn to cover same in the sum of
$37.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The claim of Dr. W. R. Smith for meat inspection fees totaling $101.00 was referred to
the auditor and the finance commissioner.

At 9:05 P.M., the meeting adjourned for five minutes.

At the hour of 9:10 P.M., the meeting was called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell
C. Garrison, with all present as of the opening session this date.