PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES 

PUBLIC HEARING

Rezoning

Nig Graham

PUBLIC HEARING

Rezoning

C. C. Leonard

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Malena Van Der Meer



PUBLIC HEARING

Rezoning

V. D. Eachus

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Lambert Van Der Meer

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
this 7th day of April, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the	following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager George H. Rounthwaite
Assistant

City Manager	R. W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved Payroll Warrants Nos. 4401 thru 4784 in the net amount
of $48,272.99 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved Service and Material Warrants Nos. 51607 thru 51759 in
the total amount of $47,440.53 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of March 17, 25, 29, 31 and April 1, 1954
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
Nig Graham to rezone a portion of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 28, T20S,
R6lE, MDB&M, generally located on the northwest comer of West Bonanza Road and
Clarkway Drive from R-E to R-3, the matter was considered by the Board and dis-
cussion was held.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved to continue this public hearing until May 19,

1954, so the Planning Commission can make a survey of this area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
C. C. Leonard to rezone a portion of the N¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 28,

T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, generally located near the comer of Clarkway Drive and West
Bonanza Road from R-E to R-3, the matter was considered by the Board.

Discussion was held on this matter and Mr. Leonard withdrew his application.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
Malena Van Der Meer to rezone a portion of the SE¼ NE¼ Section 27, T20S, R6lE,

MDB&M, situated between Fifth and Main Streets and North of the Helen Stewart
School from R-1 to R-4, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning application. There
were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that portion of the SE¼ NE¼ Section 27, T20S,
R6lE, MDB&M, situated between Fifth and Main Streets and north of the Helen Stewart
School be rezoned from R-1 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
V. D. Eachus to rezone a portion of the SE¼ NE¼ Section 27, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M,
situated between Fifth and Main Streets and north of the Helen Stewart School from
R-1 to R-4, the matter was considered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that portion of the SE¼ NE¼ Section 27, T20S,
R6lE, MDB&M, between Fifth and Main Streets and north of the Helen Stewart School
be rezoned from R-1 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
Lambert Van Der Meer to rezone the W½ of the S½ of the S½ of the NE¼ of Section 27,
T20S, R6lE, lying East of Main Street, generally described as 1022 North Main
Street from R-1 to R-4, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there any objections to this rezoning application. There were
no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the W½ of the S½ of the S½ of the NE¼ of
Section 27, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, generally described as 1022 North Main Street be

rezoned from R-1 to R-4.