OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 5th, 1932

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

held on the 5th day of September, 1932.

Mayor pro tem W. C. German,

The following answered roll call: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas, City
Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent: Mayor Cragin and City Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy permission was granted Mrs.
Elizabeth M. Hilke to erect and operate a light lunch building located on the Northwest corner
of Bridger and South Seventh Sts. Said application being on file in the office of the City Clerk
with the required number of property owners signing same and signers checked and found correct
by Building Inspector. Vote being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Mayor pro tem
W. C. German voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Thomas being excused before the voting on
above motion.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Thursday
the 8th day of September. 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 8th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the board of commissioners of the city of Las Vegas
held on the 8th day of September, 1932.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell, German and
City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent: Commissioner Thomas and Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German the petition of Mrs. Edith
Story to erect and operate a store building on lots 6 and 7, Block 7 of Wardie Addition to be used
for Confectionery and light Lunches was granted. Said petition being on file in the office of the
City Clerk with the required number of property owners signing same and signers checked and found
correct by Building Inspector. This petition being necessary to erect a commercial building in
the residential district. Vote on petition being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a report from the Fire Marshall was read concerning the fire hazard in the rear of
the White Spot Cafe and the Awnings over the Ullom Hardware, Metro Store, and the Cutrate Market No. 2
on Fremont St. This matter was referred to the City Engineer, and City Attorney.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend, revise and re-enact
Section 1 of Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump Ground, and re-
gulating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc." was read for a second time and passed by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Mundy, German Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said	Ordinance to be	known as Ordinance	No. 191 of the	City of Las Vegas, and to be	in full

force and	effect from and	after its complete	publication for	one	week (six issues)	in Las	Vegas Age

a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 10a as created by
Ordinance No. 184 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance
No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing for the
purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or
carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of
license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for
carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,2,4,13,

14, and 35,' as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 48 by adding two new sections to be known as
Sections Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in con-
flict therewith:" was read for a second time, and passed and adopted by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 192 of the City of Las Vegas, and 	to be in full

force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week (six issues in The	 Las

Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.