There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
recess until 10:00 A. M. April the 7th, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 7th day of April, 1945. 

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
at the hour of 10:35 A.M. with the following members 

present: Commissioners Smith, Bates, Clark; City Manager,

Chas. C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. ; and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

FINANCIAL REPORT -	Mayor Cragin ordered the Financial Report of the Golf

Course, Library, Plumbing Department, Building Department,
Cemetery and Electrical Department for the month of
March, filed.

BIDS - Austin Western	Invitations to bid on an Austin Western Sweeper and an

Sweeper and Austin	Austin Western Motor Grader having been let, the following

Motor Grader	bids were received:

C. D. Roeder Equipment Company, Power Grader Austin 

Western 99M, 4 wheel drive and steer, $7,893.36 F.O.B. Las
Vegas.

A letter was received from the Smith Booth Usher Company
stating that they were unable to quote on these items.

C. D. Roeder Equipment Company submitted a bid on the
	Austin Western Street Sweeper in the sum of $4,557.00.

REPORT OF HENRY S. DEADRICH -The report regarding the fire at Woodlawn Cemetery on
Subject: Fire at Woodlawn    April 3, 1945, as submitted to Mr. McCall, City Manager;
Cemetery -	was ordered filed.

PLUMBING INSPECTOR -	Commissioner Smith moved that the appointment of Jack Hinds

Jack Hinds	for Plumbing Inspector at a salary of $250.00 per month

effective as of April the 9th be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

FIRE STATION - Extension    Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Pioneer

Construction Company for a sixty day extension period for
the completion of the Fire Station be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.



GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Bates moved that the following gaming

Renewals	applications for renewals be approved:

APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

R. Robert Russell	Apache Hotel Company, 2nd & Fremont 3 Slots

Frank Lancaster	B & H Grocery,	402 Bonanza	1	Slot

M. S. Jacobs	Boulder Liquor	Store, 423 Fremont	4	Slots

John Stathis	Busy Bee Cafe,	105 No. 1st. St.	2	Slots