RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, proposals have been made to the Honorable Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster
General of the United States for the issuance of a commemorative postage stamp early in
1957 which would feature Death Valley National Monument, and

WHEREAS, the early history of Death Valley and Southern Nevada are parallel in many instances,
and both areas hold important places in the history of their respective state, and

WHEREAS, there is a close community of interest between Las Vegas and Death Valley, and

WHEREAS, it seems particularly appropriate that a commemorative stamp should be issued
in 1957 which marks the centennial of two of the regions' famous prospectors, Jean Lamoigne
and "Shorty" Frank Harris, and the first General Land Office Survey of Death Valley.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of November, 1956, that the
Honorable Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster General of the United States, be and he
hereby is requested to cause to be issued in 1957, a commemorative postage stamp honoring
Death Valley National Monument.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution signed by the Mayor and attested
by the City Clerk be forwarded to the Honorable Arthur E. Summerfield, Washington, D. C.

PASSED AND APPROVED November 21, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the purchase of street light equipment to be
used in the street light system as needed.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a purchase order to Pavell Electric Supply in the amount
of $1075.98 for the purchase of street light equipment be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager requested approval of a purchase order for the clearing, grading and
leveling of the land adjacent to the Golf Course.

Commissioner Whipple moved the purchase order to Eachus Construction Co. in the amount
of $4,705.46 for clearing, grading, and leveling the land adjacent to the Golf Course
be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request from Mayor French of Henderson for the appoint-
ment of someone to represent the City of Las Vegas on an Air Pollution Control Board.

Commissioner Fountain was appointed on this Board.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Franklin Brothers for a 6 month's permit
to store lumber and materials on a vacant lot between 11th and 12th on Carson. Mr.

Kennedy explained that this material is to be used in the construction of the new motel
at 7th and Fremont.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request for a 6 months permit to store building materials
on Carson between 11th and 12th be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented a new agreement with the Union Pacific Railroad Company for
the purchase of the Old Ranch property which will give the City clear title on 5 acres
to be sold to the Eagles Lodge. Mr. Kennedy stated that Pioneer Title has advised him
that the Eagles have placed $10,000 in escrow, pending delivery of the deed.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement supplementing an
agreement dated August 15, 1955, between the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Las Vegas Land and Water Company, covering
the purchase by the City of Las Vegas of five parcels of land in the County of Clark
(said supplemental agreement being identified as "N"L.D. 2913.1).

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That the form of agreement supplementing agreement dated

August 15, 1955, between the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and Las Vegas Land and Water Compary, a Nevada corporation,
covering the purchase by the City of Las Vegas of five parcels of land in the County of
Clark (said supplemental agreement being identified as "N"L.D. 2913.1), be, and the same
is hereby approved, and the Mayor and Clerk of said City are authorized and directed to
execute said agreement for and on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported that as of the l5th of November, 1956 the animal shelter
has been taken over by the City and operated as a Department.

Discussion was held on the request of the U. S. Government for lease of 80 acres of land
from the City. Mr. Kennedy explained that the request was for a fifty year least at $1.00
per year. No action was taken on this request, but it was the opinion of the Commission
that this term was too long.

PURCHASE OF

ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT

CLEARING OF LAND

AIR POLLUTION

CONTROL BOARD

STORAGE PERMIT

EAGLES PROPERTY

ANIMAL SHELTER

LEASE OF LAND

U. S. GOVERNMENT