Las Vegas, Nevada
November 20, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 20th day of November, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston o. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

The Commission again considered the application of Palm Mortuary for a use permit
to construct a mausoleum at 1325 North Main Street.

Mr. William Morse, attorney for Palm Mortuary, appeared before the Board at this
time and requested favorable action on this application.

Discussion was held by the Commission on the rezoning of this area for this type
of business.

Mr. Roy Wherritt appeared before the Board and protested the granting of this Use
Permit.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application be referred to the Planning
Commission for a report by December 18, 1957; and that this matter be continued un-
til that time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition for the
vacation of that half block of North "A" Street running northerly from the inter-
section of North "A" Street and Bonanza Road, the Commission was advised that the
Planning Commission recommended that this vacation be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this vacation. None were voiced
or filed.

Commissioner Bunker moved this petition for vacation be approved and the following
order of vacation adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 21st day of August, 1957; signed by four (4) free-
holders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this
Board, petitioning for the vacation of a portion of a certain street, in Las Vegas
Townsite, hereinafter described, and said petition having been by order of this
Board referred to the City Planning Commission for its recommendation in the, and
said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated October 11, 1957; with
this Board approving and recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the l6th
day of October, 1957; set the 20th day of November, 1957; at the hour of 8:00 P.M.,
in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart Streets, in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for a public hearing on
said petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the afore-
said street and part thereof proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice
setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the pro-
posed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Dwight Engebregson filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which
notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 21st day of October, 1957;
in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition for va-
cation and the recommendation of the City Planning Commission thereon, and this
Board having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said
petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portion of
the street proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and
convenience, and that said vacation will enure to the benefit of the City of Las
Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially injured
thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of "A" Street,
in the Las Vegas Townsite to the City of Las Vegas, on file in Book 1 of Plats,

Page 17-B, in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, to-wit:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situated in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of
the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of the Southwest One-Quarter
(SW¼) of Section 27; Township 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.B.&M.,
and being more particularly described as follows; to-wit:

USE PERMIT - U-16-57
Palm Mortuary

VACATION PETITION
North "A" Street