Planning Director Franklin J. Bills presented the application of
Vegas-Charleston, Ltd. for the rezoning of a piece of property
located directly vest of Charleston Heights, stating this matter
had been held in abeyance for two or three meetings by the Planning
Commission, to determine the possible effect of the rezoning of this
property on the proposed flood control channel. Mr. Bills advised
at the last meeting of the Planning Commission it was sought to amend
the application to reduce the proposed rezoning to the eastern half,
based upon information received that the eastern half would not be
affected by the flood control channel; however, since that meeting
the Planning Commission had been informed the Corps of Army Engineers
indicated it had no intention of changing their position from their
original recommendation and, therefore, it was the recommendation of
the Planning Commission that this rezoning be held in abeyance,
pending a final determination of the course of the flood control
channel.

Mr. Samuel S. Lionel, attorney for Vegas-Charleston, Ltd., stated
this land had been annexed to the City over four years ago; that
his clients had developed most of Charleston Heights and intended to
develop this half section, and they had only four sites left to
develop. Mr. Lionel advised the Commission this matter had been
before the Planning Commission on three different occasions during
the last six weeks; that Mr. Sauer informed Mr. Lionel there would
be no flood control channel necessary in the eastern half, but that
the flood control channel should be along the westerly boundary. It
was Mr. Lionel's contention they should not be stopped from developing
the property in question because of the Corps of Army Engineers, and,
since the property was zoned Ranch Estates at the present time, they
certainly had the right to build ranch homes; however, according to
the Master Plan it was his understanding the entire area would be
high density. (Planning Director Bills corrected this statement,
advising the property would be low density, or tract type homes.)

Mr. Lionel continued by stating it was his thought they should not
be required to return again and again, and if they had not asked to
have the entire section rezoned, this matter could have been before
the Commission four weeks ago.

A discussion of the location of the flood control channel followed
between Commissioner Sharp, Deputy Director of Public Works Uehling
and City Manager Kennedy, all of whom were of the opinion the flood
control line should be established as soon as possible.

Commissioner Fountain expressed doubt that the Corps of Army
Engineers would take prompt action, based on previous experience,
adding a definite line for the flood control channel had never
been spelled out.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Corps of Army Engineers had requests
a line and it was his thought the City of Las Vegas, City of North
Las Vegas and the County would have to meet and agree on this line.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be referred back to the
Planning Commission and that it be again presented at the next
meeting.

City Manager Kennedy stated he thought the matter could be settled
if the City Commission would contact the Chairman of the Flood
Control Board and arrange for a meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to set up a
meeting between the Flood Control Board, City Planning Commission
and any other interested parties for the purpose of establishing a
flood control channel.

Commissioner Whipple withdrew his motion and seconded the motion of
Commissioner Sharp. Motion carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; Commissioner Fountain voting no.

Mr. Ralph Kramer, representing a Mr. Baker, advised a 12" sewer line
had been run up Alta from Decatur for this parcel of property,
which involved quite an expense and it was his thought progress
should not be slowed up.

Mr. Lionel stated he failed to see what effect a rezoning from Ranch
Estates to R-1 would have upon where the flood control channel will
go and again requested that the rezoning requested be approved,
adding that over one-half million in property was standing idle.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated they only desired to hold this
matter in abeyance for approximately two weeks, and Commissioner
Whipple explained if the rezoning were granted now, the City would
have to condemn many more pieces of property at the time the flood
control channel was put in, than if it remained R-E.

Commissioner Fountain did not think the flood control line could be
determined by the next meeting, and City Manager Kennedy stated he
was sure this could be done.

2-17-60

REZONING (Z-46-59)
Vegas-Charleston, Ltd.
Held in Abeyance