Consideration was given to the application of George Heyer and Robert E. Jones for re-
classification of property beginning at a point approximately 24 feet west of the inter-
section of the east line of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29, T20S, R61E, with the south
right-of-way line of Bonanza Road; thence south approximately 183 feet; thence west approxi-
mately 125 feet to the NE right-of-way line of Rancho Road; thence NW along said right-of-
way line to the intersection with curve connecting with the south right-of-way line of .
Bonanza Road to the point of beginning (SE corner of Rancho and Bonanza Roads) from R-E
to C-1.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Planning Commission recommended that
this application be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved this rezoning application be approved subject to the signing
of an agreement for the installation of off-site improvements and the posting of a bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, His Honor, and Commissioner Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented a request from the Elks Club for extension of time until June
1, 1957 to install sidewalks on North 5th Street in front of the Helldorado Village property,
and recommended its approval.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to purchase 1000 yards of chips from Clark County
at a cost of $2.50 per yard. Mr. Wade explained that this material will be used for street
repair and street improvement.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request to purchase 1000 yards of chips at $2.50 per yard be
granted and a purchase order be authorized in an amount not to exceed $2,500.00 be issued
to Clark County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none .

The City Engineer advised the Commission that the bid of Osbourne Electric on the Electric
Lamp Contract did not include a guaranteed price, and in computing from the list price
submitted they are 29¢ per $100 purchase cheaper than Pavell Electric. However, Pavell
Electric submitted a list price schedule and guaranteed the prices for the next year. Mr.
Wade stated that after the opening of the bids Osbourne Electric submitted a letter guaran-
teeing prices in their bid; however, the City Attorney's office has ruled this could not
be a part of the bid. Therefore, Mr. Wade recommended the bid of Pavell Electric be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.01 be awarded to Pavell Electric.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to advertise for bids for the installation of a
storm drain on Mesquite Street. He advised the Commission that this is considered essential
due to the fact that in the past storm waters have backed into the Bonanza Road Underpass.

He explained that this storm drain would not completely alleviate the situation, but will
aid to improve the drainage facilities in the immediate area.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Director of Public Works be authorized to prepare plans and
specifications for the construction of a storm drain on Mesquite Street and the City Clerk
instructed to advertise for bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer recommended the release of the retention of $420.70 on the contract with
Nevada Electric Co. for the installation of the traffic signals at 5th and Oakey.

Commissioner Fountain moved that final payment for the installation of traffic signals at
5th and Oakey be made to Nevada Electric Co. in the amount of $420.70, the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant register and the Director of Finance and Treasurer authorized
to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A request from Paul Smitley, contractor for the construction of the Rehabilitation Farm for
extension of time for completion until February 1, 1957, was presented by the City Engineer.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Paul Smitley be granted an extension of time until February 1,
1957 for the completion of the Rehabilitation Farm building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unan-
imously, the deed from Eric L. and Vanilla Archie for Cunningham Drive is accepted and the
City Clerk instructed to draw the standard resolution which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of January, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5th
day of January, 1957, executed by Eric L. Archie and Vanilla Archie husband and wife, to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property des-
cribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

REZONING -Z-45-56
Heyer & Jones

ELKS CLUB -
Sidewalk Installation



PURCHASE OF CHIPS

BID NO. 57.01
Electric Lamp Contract



MESQUITE STREET
STORM DRAIN

TRAFFIC SIGNALS
5th and Oakey
Final Payment

REHABILITATION FARM
Extension of Time



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS

Cunningham Drive