BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this Resolution he attached to said
deed; and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark; State of Nevada; and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain; duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting; and carried unanimously; the quitclaim deed of Virgil H. Barler
for a portion of Tobin Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up
the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted; and the City
Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain; duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker; and carried unanimously; the following Resolution is adopted; and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED; this 6 day of March; 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas; County of Clark; State of Nevada; that the deed; dated the 4 day
of March; 1957; executed by Virgil H. Barler to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark;
State of Nevada; and that the real property described therein be; and is hereby ac-
cepted; for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed;
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark; State of Nevada; and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain; duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting; and carried unanimously; the quitclaim deed of Kendall D. Garff
and David L. Freed for 30' right of way for a portion of J Street and 30' right of
way for an unnamed street is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the
standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted; and the City Clerk
authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W.Fountain; duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker; and carried unanimously; the following Resolution is adopted; and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED; this 6 day of March; 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark; State of Nevada that the deed; dated the
26 day of February; 1957; executed by Kendall D. Garff and David L. Freed to the
City of Las Vegas; County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clsrk, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Kendall D. Garff
for 30' right of way for a portion of J Street is accepted and the City Clerk in-
structed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby
adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W.Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6 day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 26 day
of February, 1957; executed by Kendall D. Garff to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Baker and Hazard,

Inc. for a portion of Owens Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw
up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City
Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE TT RESOLVED, this 6 day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5 day
of March, 1957; executed by Baker and Hazard, Incorporated to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Officeof the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Effie Keele and David
R. Keele for a 30' right of way for a portion of Lexington Avenue is accepted and the
City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is
hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

Tobin Avenue
"J" Street

"J" Street

Owens Avenue

Lexington Avenue