His Honor asked if there were any objections to this change
of name. There were no objections.

	Commissioner Whipple moved the recommended street name change be approved and the following resolution adopted:  WHEREAS, there have been requests to rename CLOS ROAD, located south of Charleston Boulevard to WESTERN STREET; and  WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas, Nevada; and  WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas set a Public Hearing on the proposed change of street name and gave notice thereof as required by law, which public hearing was duly held on the 3rd day of February, 1954 and  WHEREAS, at said Public Hearing all persons were given an oppor- tunity to protest and be heard; and  WHEREAS, the following proposed name change met with the approval of all persons in attendance at said Public Hearing and met with the approval of this Commission and the Commission finds that said name will facilitate mail deliveries, aid in locating various properties, and will assist the Fire Department and Police Department in carrying out their duties.  NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd day of February, 1954 that the name of the street hereinafter described to-wit:  That portion of the first street west of the Union Pacific Railroad extending south from Charleston Boulevard, approximately one-half mile. This street lies between Charleston Boulevard and the proposed exten- sion of Oakey Boulevard, as recorded in Book 73, pages 163 and l64.  be and the same is hereby changed to WESTERN STREET.  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be signed by the Mayor, attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark County Recorder as required by law.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PUBLIC HEARING Rezoning Application Richard Toleno	This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the Public Hearing on the application of Richard Toleno to rezone Lots 7 to 13, Block 1, Paradise Park from R-2 to R-4 and Lots 1 to 6, Block 1, Lots l6 to 19, Block 2 and Lots 16 to 19, Block 3, Paradise Park from R-2
	to R-3, the matter was considered by the Board.  Commissioner Whipple moved this application for rezoning be held in abeyance until February 17, 1954  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
CONDEMNED BUILDINGS Licensees	David Zenoff appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of Alfred Ripps, Mikes Liquor Store, 106 Fremont, regarding business being con-
Mikes Liquor Store 106 Fremont	ducted in a condemned building. Discussion was held and Mr. Zenoff requested additional time in which to find a new location.
	Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until the next meeting of the Board of Commissioners.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
State Loan & Jewelry 104 Fremont	Dale Cook appeared before the Board at this time, representing Dr.  A. Coblentz, State Loan & Jewelry, 104 Fremont, requesting additional time on the matter of business being conducted in a condemned building  Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until the next meeting of the Commission at which time they appear again on the same premises as tonight.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Smith & Chandler 110 Fremont	Wm. Coulthard, representing Smith & Chandler, 110 Fremont, appeared before the Board at this time asking for additional time stating that they are attempting to find a new location.  Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance.    Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Modern Barber Shop 110 No. 3rd  Dr. Walter Fisk   112 No. 3rd	No appearance was necessary on the part of Modern Barber Shop, 110North 3rd Street, and Dr. Walter Fisk, 112 North 3rd Street, as they have vacated the premises and the buildings are being demolished.