Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of

NO. 100-6	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to offer for sale, and to receive

Bids on Bonds	sealed bids and publicly open the same for, the City's special assessment nego-

tiable coupon bonds, designated City of Las Vegas, Assessment District No. 100-6
	Street Improvement Bonds, Series of December 1, 1951, in the aggregate principal

	amount of $108,830.71

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

Bidder	Annual Rate                  Premium	Number of Sets

_____________________________             of Interest __      (If Any)	Of Coupons

First National Bank of Nevada	4%	$271.00	1

Boettcher & Company,

Gross, Rogers & Company

Hannaford & Talbot	    4.25%	A & B

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION OF SOUTH 3RD	STREET	At this time the recommendation from the Regional planning Commission concerning

Between Wyoming & Oakey	the vacation of South 3rd Street between Wyoming and Oakey dated January 8, 1952

	was read to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission
that this matter be held in abeyance until the objections of the Fire Chief have
been removed, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREET IMPROVEMENTS	At this time the recommendations of the Regional Planning Commission contained in

Kelso Turner	their letter of January 9, 1952 concerning recommended improvements in Kelso Turner

	Housing Project, was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendations of the Regional Planning
Commission for improvements in Kelso Turner be approved, said improvements to be
installed at the expense of the Housing Authority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis -

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE APPLICATION	The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application for var-

P. A. Clark	iance by Porter A. Clark of Lot 4, Block 1, Biltmore Addition in order that he

Biltmore Addn.	might be permitted to build an addition to an existing house, was read to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTI ON

WHEREAS, on the 20th day of December, 1951, Porter A. Clark filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for permission to build an addition to an existing
house which would extend into a portion of the required rear yard in an R-1 (Single Family
Residence) Use District described as Lot 4, Block 1, Biltmore Addition, situated at 515
North First Street between North Main and Second Streets; and

WHEREAS, on January 3rd, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no
communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on January 3rd, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved such
application for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in material
damage to other property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the
Board of City Commissioners on January 8, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Porter A. Clark be granted permission to build an addition to an existing
house extending into a portion of the required rear yard in an R-1 (Single Family Residence)
Use District described as Lot 4, Block 1, Biltmore Addition, situated at 5l5 North First
Street between North Main and Second Street, be and the same is hereby approved, provided,
however, that the privileges granted be utilized in accordance with the timelimit provided
by ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis -
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A STREET WIDTH	The recommendation from the Planning Director to the City Manager on the proposed

width of A Street from Oakey Boulevard to Boston Avenue was considered at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Director be approved
and the City Attorney authorised to commence condemnation proceedings if the nec-
essary right of way cannot be secured.