179

installments of interest, and for the purpose of creating a fund
for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, there
shall be levied in the year 1948 and annually thereafter, a
sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal, subject
to taxation within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada , including the net proceeds of mines, sufficient to
pay the interest on said bonds and to pay and retire the same as
hereinabove provided; and provided further that in the preparation
of the annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the City Council
shall first make proper provision, through the levy of sufficient
taxes, for the payment of the interest on and the retirement of the
principal of the bonded indebtedness of the City, and the amount
of money necessary for this purpose, together with the amounts
necessary for the payment of principal and interest on the other
bonded indebtedness of the City, shall be a first charge against
all of the revenue received by said City. In any year in which the
total taxes levied by all overlapping political subdivisions and
taxing units in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, may exceed the
limitation of five cents on the dollar imposed by Section 2 of
Article X of the Constitution of the State of Nevada, and it shall
become necessary by reason thereof to reduce the levies made in
behalf of Said City, the reductions so made shall be in taxes
levied for or by such City for purposes other than the payment of
its bonded indebtedness and interest thereon, the taxes levied
hereafter for the payment of such bonded indebtedness, and the
interest thereon, shall always enjoy a priority over taxes levied
for or on behalf of such City for any other purposes where reduction
is necessary in order to comply with the limitations of said Section
2 of Article X, or with the City Charter of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same manner and at
the same time as other taxes are levied and collected, and the proceeds
thereof shall be kept by the County Treasurer in a special fund to
be known as the "Storm Sewer Bond, Series of January 1, 1948 Fund",
which shall be used for no other purpose than the payment of principal
and interest as the same fall due. Such tax shall be levied in the
year 1948 and annually thereafter until all of said bonds, and the
interest thereon, shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.
Any sums coming due on said bonds at any time when there are on
hand from such tax levy or levies, insufficient funds to pay the
same, shall be promptly paid when due from general funds on hand
belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement to be made to
such general funds in the sums thus advanced when taxes herein
provided for shall have been collected.

Section 10. The City Council does hereby find and declare
that the life of the improvement to be constructed out of the
proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be in excess of
twenty years.

Section 11. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be,
and they hereby are, authorized and directed to take all action
necessary for or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this
ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the fore-
going, the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certi-
ficates as may be required by the purchaser thereof relating to the
signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal
officials, the assessed valuation and indebtedness of the City of
Las Vegas, the receipt of the bond purchase price and the absence
of litigation pending or threatened affecting the validity thereof.

Section 12. All ordinances or parts thereof in conflict
with this ordinance are hereby repealed. After the bonds hereby
authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall constitute a
contract between the City of Las Vegas and the holder or holders
of said bonds, and shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds
add the interest accruing thereon shall have been fully paid, satis-
fied and discharged.

Section 13. This ordinance shall be and become effective
immediately after its adoption, approval and the publication thereof
for two consecutive weeks in The Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal.

section 14. The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby authorized and directed to cause this ordinance to be published
in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of once a week for two
consecutive weeks, immediately after its final passage and approval
at this meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 22nd day of December, A. D. 1947.

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	E. $. Cragin____

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing
ordinance:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:
None.