At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 20th day of November, A. D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'-
clock p. m. Present his Honor the Mayor W. C. German with Commissioners A. R. Anderson, C. R.
Shield and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

It appearing that the report on the test of the gravel for surfacing City Streets has not
been received it was the order on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Shield
that the Board adjourn until monday the 26th day of November at the hoar of seven-thirty o'clock

p.m. When it shall meet for the purpose of hearing said report and attending to such other

business as may come before the Board. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Anderson, Shield
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS.

NOVEMBER 26, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County nevada, hold on Monday the 26th day of November, A.D. 1923 at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock p. m. Present His Honor the Mayor C. German, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson

C. R. Shield and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by commissioner Shield, L. R. Hilkie was ap-
pointed Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, at a compensation equal to the amount of
fees collected said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient 

bond in the sum of $1000.00 and upon his taking the oath of office as required by law.

At this time the Clerk real for the second time proposed ordinance No. 102 of the City of
Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to amend Subdivision No. 8 of Sec. 2 of Ordinance No. 81 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of ordinance no. 48 of the
City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful
business herein after specified, transacted or carried on within the corporation limits of the
City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing

for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such
business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,2,4,13, 14 and 35, Approved December
3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City, of and further amended March 5,
1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend section 6 of said Ordinance no.

48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in
conflict therewith, and same was passed on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, upon the following vote, Commissioners Anderson, Shield , Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor C. German, Aye, Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time the draft of proposed Ordinance No. 103 drawn up
by the City Attorney as directed by the Board entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section six (6)

of Ordinance no. 77 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "A Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City

of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount
of such license, providing a penalty therefor and repealing all Ordinances in conflict there-
with and to amend said Ordinance no. 77 by adding two new sections thereto to be known as
sections 6a and 6b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
with said amendments.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 20, 1923.