WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the said land described in the said
resolution of December 17, 1958 can be put to a greater public use by the Clark County
School District for the purpose of constructing thereon the ROY W. MARTIN JUNIOR HIGH
SCHOOL near 28th and Stewart Streets in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that the sum of $23;330.80 for the
necessary 11.6654 acres of land is a fair and reasonable sum to pay to the City of Las
Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas that the mayor and the acting City Clerk be, and they hereby are, authorized
to execute a Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed to the Clark County School District for the
conveyance of the land described in the resolution of December 17, 1958 and deliver
said deed upon the receipt from the Clark County School District of the sum of $23,330.80
in payment therefore.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 7th day of January, 1959.

/s/ C. D. BAKER___________________

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS_________________

Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote because his firm is doing work for this school.

BOARD OF CIVIL SERVICE         The Commission considered a letter of December 15, 1958, from Don E. Ashworth, Chairman,

TRUSTEES	Board of Civil Service Trustees, stating that the Board of Civil Service Trustees is	ready

Revised Civil Service	to meet to discuss revised rules or proceed to hold a public hearing as set forth in	their

Rules	letter transmitting copies of the revised rules to the Mayor and Board of Commissioners.

Approved to hold Public           Commissioner Whipple moved that the Board of Civil Service Trustees proceed with hearing
Hearing	on Civil Service Rules.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



NOTICE OF CLAIM	The Commission considered the claim for damage to real property located at 3715 E.

Monique de Montigny	Charleston resulting from contamination of water supply. At the regular meeting of the

Board of Commissioners held October 15, 1958, this claim was referred to the City Manager
Denied	and City Engineer for investigation and report. It is recommended that this claim be

denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the claim of Monique de Montigny for damage to real property
located at 3715 E. Charleston resulting from contamination of water supply, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NOTICE	OF	CLAIM	The Commission considered the	claim of Irene	Halvorson for personal injury incurred

Irene Halvorson	October 14, 1958, as	a result	of tripping	on	a broken segment of	the sidewalk in	front	of

215 South Main. It is recommended that this claim be denied.

Denied

Commissioner Whipple	moved that the claim	of	Irene Halvorson for	personal injury	incurred

October 14, 1958, as	a result	of tripping	on	a broken segment of	the sidewalk in	front	of

21$ South Main, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RELEASE OF PRISONER	City Manager Kennedy presented the request for authorization for the Mayor to sign the

Thomas Joseph Sherman              necessary papers authorizing the release of Thomas Joseph Sherman as recommended by Dr.

James H. Swartzfager, Jr., Jail Physician.

Authorized

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign the necessary papers
authorizing the release of Thomas Joseph Sherman as recommended by Dr. James H. Swartzfager,
Jr., Jail Physician.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RELEASE OF PRISONER	City Manager Kennedy presented the request for authorization for the Mayor to sign the

Donald Maurice Kenley                 necessary papers authorizing the release of Donald Maurice Kenley as recommended by the

Chief of Police as a result of Police investigation.

Authorized

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign the necessary papers
Authorizing the release of Donald Maurice Kenley as recommended by the Chief of Police.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALARY INCREASES	City Manager Kennedy presented the recommendations by the Department Heads for Increment

JANUARY 1, 1959	Salary Increases for January, as approved by the Civil Service Board and recommended that

they be approved.

Approved

Commissioner Bunker moved the following salary increases for January be approved:

NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP SCHEDULE DOLLARS

Maxwell, Barbara H.	Municipal Court	2-3	22	338-353

Leavitt, Judith K.	"	"	1-2	18	269-282

Gardner, Elmer	Police	2-3	31	513-537

Skelton, John	"	2-3	31	513-537

Avants, Beecher E.	"	2-3	27	427-447

Behrman, Robert E.	"	4-5	27	468-489

Foster, William B.	"	2-3	27	427-447

Gullo, Larry J.	"	4-5	27	468-489

,	1-7-59 