Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 20th, 1916.

At a Special Called Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
By the Mayor W.E. Hawking of said City. Present Hon. C.P. Ball, Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell, and
Farnsworth with the City Clerk and City Attorney. The Mayor W.E. Hawkins Being absent Hon. C.P.

Ball assumed the Chair as acting Mayor of said City.

The object of this meeting was then stated to the Board by the Clerk thereof the same being for
the purpose of receiving Bids on Street work on the road leading to the Cemetery, it being reported
by the street Commissioner that C.A. French to whom the contract was awarded at last meeting had
failed to sign his contract as per his bid Submitted, and that he the said Street Commissioner had
advertised for new Bids on said Work. Whereupon the Clerk then proceeded to open said Bids as follows 

towit; To the City Commissioners, of Las Vegas, Nevada.

As per Notice to Bidders, herewith attached, we will offer to do said work in the manner as describ-
ed therein. Measurements to be taken, or made while material is in the wagon. Fifty-nine cents
(59 cents) per cubic yd, WOrk to begin within a few days, and to finish within twenty working days from
time of beginning.

Hotel Nevada mining Co.,

By John F. Miller.

To the Board of City Commissioners,	Las Vegas, Nevada, Dec. 18, 1916.

75 cents per cubic yard complete as per notice to bidders above. Commence on or before Dec. 26th
1916, finished by Jan. 18th, 1917.

J. M. Heaton.

To the City Commissioners,	Las Vegas, Nevada, Dec. 20, 1916.

I, the undersigned do hereby agree to surface road or highway as per your" Notice to Bidders"
for the sum of Fifty-eight cents (58( per cubic yard. If awarded contract to begin work on or
before Dec. 26th, 1916, and finish by Jan. 15th, 1917.

A. H. Wyckoff.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried
it was ordered that the bid of A. H. Wyckoff be and the same is hereby accepted and it is further
ordered that the Mayor protem C. P. Ball and the Clerk being and are hereby authorized and directed
to sign and enter into a contract with the said A. H. Wyckoff upon behalf of the City of Las Vegas
for the faithful performance of said contract. The vote upon said resolution above as follows to-
wit: Commissioner Matzdorf, aye; Commissioner Farnsworth, aye; and Commissioner Elwell, aye; and
his honor protem C. P. Ball voting no.

There being no further business before the Board it was thereupon motion duly made and carried
that this Board stand adjourned.