USE PERMIT APPLICA-
TION

Reformation Lutheran
Church
Approved
U-23-54

USE PERMIT APPLICA-
TION

Chester Oxborrow
Denied
U-26-54

USE PERMIT APPLICA-
TION

Shady Acres Trailer
Court
Approved
U-22-54

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the application of Eugene Haspray for
a Use Permit to conduct and maintain professional offices at the southeast corner of 17th and
Charleston Boulevard, which property consists of four apartments in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Eugene Haspray for a
Use Permit to conduct and maintain professional offices at the southeast comer of 17th and
Charleston Boulevard, which property consists of four apartments in an R-4 zone be approved,
and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that the application
of the Reformation Lutheran Church to construct and maintain a church building on St. Louis
Avenue between 6th Street and Beverly Way, in an R-4 zone, be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Reformation Lutheran Church for a Use Permit be
approved in accordance with the plot plan filed with the Planning Commission, and the following
resolution adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the application of the Reformation
Lutheran Church to construct and maintain a church building on St. Louis Avenue between 6th
Street and Beverly Way, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Reformation
Lutheran Church to construct and maintain a church building on St. Louis Avenue between 6th
Street and Beverly Way in an R-4 zone be approved in accordance with the plot plan filed with
the Planning Commission and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary
permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker. Commissioner Bunker stated to the Board that he was instrumental in trading
property to the Lutheran Church for another piece of property. Commissioner Jarrett said that
he felt a public hearing should be held on this matter.

At this time the Board considered the application of Chester Oxborrow for permission to use his
residence at 2337 W. Pinto Lane in an R-A zone as a business address for contracting business.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application subject to the condition that no materials
or equipment be stored on the premises.

Discussion was held and it was the concensus of the Commission that the granting of this Use
Permit would set a precedent. Also, other applications of a similar nature have been previously
denied by the Board of Commissioners.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Chester Oxborrow for permission to use
his residence at 2337 W. Pinto Lane as a business address be denied, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the application of Chester Oxborrow
for permission to use his residence at 2337 W. Pinto Lane in an R-A zone as a business address
for contracting business; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Chester Oxborrow for
permission to use his residence at 2337 W. Pinto Lane in an R-A zone as a business address for
contracting business be and is hereby denied by reason of the fact that this would set a precedent
and that other applications of similar nature have been previously denied by the Board of
Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of Shady Acres Trailer Court for a Use Permit to allow
the redevelopment of the trailer park at 1001 North Main, as approved by the Board of
Adjustment.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Shady Acres Trailer Park be approved subject to
the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 18th day of August, 1954, having considered the application of Shady
Acre Trailer Park for a Use Permit to allow the redevelopment of the trailer park at 1001
North Main; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application.

8-18-54