Thereafter, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was
moved that the proposal of A. P. Slocum be accepted. Vote on said resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Smith, Neagle, German, Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; Noes;
none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, it was moved that the bid
of Roche-Axman Company for construction of oil bound gravel pavement and hydraulic cement concrete
curbs on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas in accordance with Ordinance No. 131, be accepted;
that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to enter into said contract on behalf of the city,
upon the furnishing of a good and sufficient bond provided in the specifications and general
conditions and contract, such bond to be approved by the Board of City Commissioners.

The vote on said resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, Roy Neagle, W. C.
German, W. B. Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing at this time a recess was declared until Thursday the 7th day of
March, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 7th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the Clerk-
reports read and approved; likewise minutes of previous meeting read and approved at this time.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the monies collected by the
City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector for licenses, fines and fees respectively,
totaling $3520.75 be apportioned as follows: To the Water, Sewer & Light Fund the sum of $69.25;
General Fund, $862.87; Police & Fire Fund, $2,588.63.

Thereafter a recess was declared until the 8th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three-
fifteen o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	

March 8th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three-fifteen P. M

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, O. J
Smith and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Thereupon, a proposed ordinance entitled:-