NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor, and Commissioners BASKIN, BATES, CLARK AND CORRADETTI.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Cragin, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held on Saturday, January 26, 1946,
at the hour of 10:00 a.m. to consider the following business:

1.	Hiring architect for police station.

2.	Any other matters ready for hearing.

/s/ Helen Scott Reed______

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

/s/ E. W. Cragin, Mayor	/s/ Bob Baskin, Comm.

/s/ Walter B. Bates, Comm.	/s/ Pat Clark, Comm.

/s/ A. Corradetti, Comm.

POLICE STATION ARCHITECT
HIRED

PETITION — U.S..

Government

AGREEMENT -- Robert Stanton
Cancelled

Meeting called to order at the hour 10:00 a.m.
by His Honor, Mayor Cragin, with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor; City Manager, T. E.

Fennessy; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that Mr. Stadleman be hired
as architect on the police station, at 7% and recommended
that he associate Mr. McDonald with him. If the 

present plans are used in any way and a savings can be
made, that they be used. Further, that work be done
as soon as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Wittwer, from the Farm Bureau, appeared before
the Board at this time, and a skied them to endorse
a certain petition, directed to the United States
Engineers for securing flood control for the Virgin
Valley.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and
City Clerk be authorized to sign said petition on 

behalf of the City, requesting the United States Engineers
to build dams in Matthews Canyon and Pine Canyon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the
termination of the agreement between Robert Stanton
and City of Las Vegas, as per his letter to Mr.

Fennessy, City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of February, 1946. Meeting called to order
by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:00
p.m. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall, and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.