Commissioner Bunker moved a minimum building area of 1,200 square feet in that
area of the Zaugg Tract lying between K and Highland Avenue bounded by Harrison
and Washington Streets be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Peccole, Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City enter Into the agreement with the Clark County Humane
Society for the operation of the Animal Welfare Department, and the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

Commissioner Peccole moved the offer of Mrs. Anna Barrozzi to deed Lots 12 and 13 of 
Block 33, Tankel Addition, be accepted and the City will curb, gutter and pave this
portion of East Bonanza in return for this right of way.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

Mr. Paris Stewart appeared before the Board at this time requesting a Use Permit at
  509 North 8th Street to build a third living unit on this property.	

Mr. Stewart was informed that it would be necessary to hold a public hearing to rezone this
property from R-2 to R-3 to permit this addition.

Commissioner Peccole moved this Public Hearing on the rezoning of Lot 10, Block 8, Buck’s
Subdivision from R-2 to R-3 be set for June 13, 1951 at 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

At this time the request of Municipal Judge Walter J. Richards for $500 to attend the
National Safety Council to be held June 13, 14, and 15 in Washington D. C. was presented to the
Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved Judge Richards be allowed the remaining $2550.00 set up in his
budget for attendance at conventions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

At this time a petition from property owners in Meadows Addition for the opening of A
Street from New York Street to Highway 91 was presented to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this petition be ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

At this time Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the offer of Margaret K. Mohr to sell Lots 9 through 12 of
Block 21, Ladd’s Addition to the City be referred to the City Manager for investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and

Moore.

Commissioner Bunker returned at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Betty Richert and Mary McEntire, Wittwer's
Cafe, 720 North Main for a Restaurant Beverage license for the second quarter of 1951 be
approved subject to favorable investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His H nor .voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Moore.

 Commissioner Peccole moved that public hearings on the following requests for rezonings
be set for June 13, 1951 at 3:30 P.M.

1)	Request of R. J. Guihin to rezone west side of 10th Street between
Clark and Bonneville from R-1 to R-3.

2)	Request of S. W. Achtmeyer to rezone Lots 1 and 2, Block 22, 14th
Addition and Lots 4 and 5, Martin Tract from R-2 to R-4.

3)	Request of Luther Graves to rezone Lots 6 and 7 of Block 22 Original
Townsite from R-1 to R-2.

4) Request of W. S. Robinson for rezoning of Block 9, Meadows Addition
from R-2 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Moore.

At this time Mr. Bob Cardinal and Mr. Walter Gafford of General Petroleum appeared
before the Board requesting permission to put bunk houses at their new station located
at 1000 South Main for sleeping accommodations for truck drivers.

Commissioner Peccole moved this request to put these dwellings at this location be
approved subject to approval of. the Building and Plumbing Departments.

HUMANE SOCIETY
AGREEMENT

|RIGHT OF WAY -

Anna Barrozzi



REZONING - Public 
Hearing Set



REQUEST TO ATTEND
CONVENTION



PETITION FOR OPENING
OF A STREET

LADD’S ADDITION -
Lots 9-12, Block 21



LIQUOR APPLICATION

REZONINGS - Public.
Hearings Set



GENERAL PETROLEUM
Request to put in
Bunkhouses