OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 21st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 21st day of July, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners
Mundy and German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

This being the time set for the hearing of any objections, suggestions or protests
on the improving of Fremont Streets from the west line of Eighth Street to the West line of
twelfth Streets with a ten foot strip of paving on either side of the proposed Federal
Aid Thirty foot improvement on said street, and the construction of Hydraulic Cement Con-
crets Surbs and Gutters in said district, and no protests either written or oral being re-
ceived by this Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner
German that the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, That this being the time set for the hearing of any objection, suggestions,
or protests, Tuesday the 21st day of July 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. and
none either in writing or oral being presented to the Board, that the Board of Commissioners
proceed in the regular manner with the said improvement, and that C.C.Boyer, District
Highway Engineer be notified of the action taken by this Board on this 21st day of July 1951,

Be It Further Resolved, that the City bear the expense of the additional ten foot
paving on either side of the original thirty foot of street improvement under Federal Aid,
and the construction of Hydraulic Cement Concrete curbs and gutters.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor
Mayor Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

A Petition entitled: We the undersigned property owners, owning property on Fre-
mont Street between 12th Street and 14th Street, hereby petition you Honorable Board, to
allow us to have the ten foot strip on each side of the thirty foot Federal Aid strip of
roadway on Fremont Street paved from 12th Street to 14th Street and also have curb and gutter
constructed on each side of the street in the same district. The paving to be of the same
type as that used on the Federal Aid strip and the curb and gutter to conform to City
 Standard now inuse. further agree to enter into a contract with General Construction
Corporation to do this work and coverning the manner of payment for the same. This payment
to be made by us direct to the contractor in accordance with the terms of our agreement
with him, the cost to us to be the same as for the same work being done between 8th and 12th
Streets." was presented to the Board signed by a number of property owners in said district.
The Board instructed those present representing the said district petitioning for improvement
that the City would only pay one fourth of the expense of the paving of the two street in-
tersections, and that the property owners would have to pay the other three fourths of said
improvement on said intersections, and that the work would be under the supervision of the
City Engineer and the Supt. of City Streets.

Mr. Mc Garvey appeared before the Board in regard to an examination for a plumbing
license. He was instructed that he might appear before the Board of Examiners of Plumbers
at the next examination held and be given an examination.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed to act as Finance Commissioner owing to the absence
of Finance Commissioner Thomas. Semi-monthly salary bills for the Police Department were
allowed at this time.

The Mayor approved the reports of the Municipal Court Judge, W.G. Morsean and the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of June were as follows:

$1,392.00 Municipal Court Fines.

1.898.87	City Licenses, Fess and Cemetery Lots.

3,290.87	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$2,500.00 P and F Fund.

471.57 General Fund.

209.50	W.S. and L. Fund.

110.00	Cemetery Fund.

5,290.87

A form of agreement was presented to the Board for its approval covering the use
of water, between the City of Las Vegas, and Frank A. Allen.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolution
was adopted:

Resolved, That the Board of Commissioner approve the form of agreement presented to this
Board on June 18th, 1951, between the City of Las Vega, and Frank A. Allen for use of water
from City owned land, that said agreement Rad been approved by the Public Service Commission
of the State of Nevada on the 7th day of July 1951, and that said agreement be signed by
the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and attest by the City Clerk under the seal of the City.
That the agreement be executed in duplicate, and a copy for with sent to Frank A. Allen.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

0 motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
bus stops in front of the Nevada, and Overland Hotels be designated by appropriate signs to
be installed by J. P. King Supt. of Streets in conformity with the Travel and Traffic Ordin-
ance No. 170 now in full force and effect.

Vote on said motions was as follows: Commissioners German and Mundy and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the following slot machine licenses be granted, that applications are in proper form and
the amounts to cover same being on file with the Clerk:

	S.L. Lipkin	2Slot Machines

Roy Grimes & Williams 4 Slot Machines
Vegas Sweet Shoppe 1	"	"