OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 24th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 24th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, together with the City
Clerk, and deputy City Attorney Dan V. Noland.

Absent Commissioner Thomas, and City Attorney Stevens.

Minutes of meeting of July 18th read and approved as read.

A petition for the widening of Fremont St; from Main to Second St. was presented to
the Board by John Miller, signed by a number of property owners.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the City Attorney be instructed to draft a form of notice of the intention of
the widening of Fremont, setting the date of said meeting on the 15th day of August at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. to hear any objection to the proposed improvement.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the Clerk was directed to have said said notice of intention published
for a period of two weeks in the Las Vegas Age, and to have said notice posted in seven
places in the said ward of the City of Las Vegas.

Owning to the absence of Commissioner Thomas Police and Fire, Commissioner, Mayor
Hesse appointed Commissioner Hansell to approve the gaming application of A. De Vorin for
a gaming license for two (2) tables at the Majestic Club, said application being accompanied
by $150.00.	

Said application being approved by Commissioner Hansell, upon motion of Commissioner
Smith second by Commissioner German it was moved that the gaming license be granted to A.

De Vorin for the operation of two tables.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
$830.90 remaining in the Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Light fund be transferred to the
General Fund. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Hoard at this time the meeting recessed
until the hour of three o'clock P.M. July 30th, 1930.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 7th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 7th day of August, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell together with Mr. A.S.
Henderson, acting City attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith, and City Attorney Stevens.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Mayor Hesse appointed Commissioner Thomas to approve the bills of the Street De-
partment on the account of the absence of Commissioner of Streets O.J. Smith.

Monies received for the month of July as follows:

$318.00 Municipal Court fines.

4,867.25	Licenses, fines and fees from Clerk's office.

$5,185.25 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$220.00 Cemetery Fund.

65.00	Water Sewer & Light Fund.

2500.00	Police and Fire Fund

	2400.25 General Fund.

5185.25 Total.