

Upon the recommendation of the Airport Advisory Board that a certain valve be paid for to the
contractor when it comes in, Mr. Clark made a motion that same be allowed, seconded by

Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote: Commissioners, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that the bill for the cooler for the police department be allowed.

Seconded by Mr. Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor the Mayor voting a ye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that the rental derived from the prophylactic station be
appropriated for the capital outlay for the police department until it has been reimbursed
for the cost of the above mentioned cooler. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch, and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

A letter was read from James Pierce Thomas regarding an offer of a certain site
for the restricted district and the same was referred to the police commissioner.

Dale Pruitt appeared before the Board at this time regarding the acquiring of a
certain 80 acre tract near the airport. His Honor suggested that he contact Mr. John
Cahlan, Chairman of the Airport Advisory Board.

A letter from Opal Bishop requesting the establishing of an alley between Jackson
and Van Buren Streets in West Side was read. The matter was referred to the Street Commissioner.

The Report of the Municipal Judge was presented at this time. Mr. Clark made a motion
that same be accepted. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote,

Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from A. W. Ham, member of the City Library Board regarding the
necessity of a juvenile room at the City Library. The Clerk was instructed to write a letter
to Mr. Ham stating that the matter would be taken under advisement and assuring him of the
cooperation. of the Board.

Upon request of Mr. Rubidoux, Mr. Clark made amotion that bids be let for the purchase
of 5000 building inspection cards and 5000 building inspection record cards. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote, Commissioners, Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and
His Honor the Mayor voting a ye. Noes, none.

Mr. Ralli, City Attorney requested permission to file demurrers in cases Nos. 12308,

12309 and 12310 now pending in the District Court and also for authority to hire a deputy
city attorney at a salary of $100 for 30 days to act in his absence while in Reno on City	

Business. Mr. Tinch made a motion that Mr. Ralli's request be granted. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark
and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Tinch, Clark Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that Harold Case, Fire Chief, be allowed his actual expenses
while in attendance at the convention of Firemen at Reno, Nevada. Motion seconded by Mr.

Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Madison B. Graves, Esq., appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the
Mission Cab Co, The Boulder Taxi and the Greyhound Taxi Company stating that A. L. Riddle had
violated Ordinance 210, Section 2, thereof and requested that the license issued to him be 
revoked, or that the Yellow cabs now on the streets of Las V gas operating under said license
issued to A. L. Riddle be impounded until the proper license is obtained.

Mr. Rubidoux moved that the matter be turned over to the city attorney for his

recommendation. The motion died for want of a second.

Mr. Clark moved that if a violation of the ordinance had been perpetrated that the
said cabs be taken from the Streets. The motion died for lack of a second.

Mr.	Tinch made a motion that	the	matter be referred to the city attorney. Motion

seconded by	Mr. Clark and carried by	the	following vote. Commissioners, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux

and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Dr.	Woodbury appeared before	the	Board at this time regarding the holding	up of

Mr.	Crossan's check as Supervisor of	the	Golf Board. A Letter was then read from	A. W. Blackman,

City Auditor, addressed to Mr. Crossan which was self explanatory.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that Harry Jamison be employed as sexton of the cemetery to
begin on August 16th, 1941 at a salary of $130.00 per month also allowing him all fees for
grave openings and for setting of markers, that the city pay for telephone service. Motion
seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote, Commissioners, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Mayor appointed the following on the cemetery Board: Henry Deadrich, Albert
C. Melton and Howard B. Hoover and suggested that the new board draw up a new ordinance.

His Honor appointed Commissioners Tinch and Clark to work in conjunction with said Cemetery

Board.

Mr. Clark moved that the police commissioner be allowed to spend $300 to get certain
supplies necessary for his department. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from Albrights Business Machine and the Office Equipment Company for a legal size
filing cabinet were opened at this time and the matter was continued until the next regular
meeting.

Bids for anti-freeze from the General Auto Parts and the Motor Supply Company were
opened at this time. Mr. Clark made a motion that the bid of the General Auto Parts be
accepted. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

 The bid of the General Construction Company on the administration building at the