Mr. Wade presented a deed from the City to the Desert Park Inc. for the realign-
ment of Rexford Drive.

Commissioner Bunker moved this deed be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker:

The Board considered the deed to the First Securities Corp. for the realignment of
sewer easements in Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 2. Mr. Wade recommended this deed
be approved.	j

Commissioner Bunker moved this deed be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, None. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Building Supervisor Art Trelease presented the application of Harry Herst to move	

a building from North Las Vegas to the southwest corner of A and Wyoming.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application to move a building be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the petition of property owners for the extension of North
6th Street to Bonanza Road.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be referred to the City Manager and City At-
torney to negotiate with the Elks Club to see if this right of way can be obtained.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the concessionaire contract with Carl M. Belding be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 8433 through 8899 in the net
amount of $66,659.05 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 4982 to 5143 in the
total amount of $122,471.29 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of November 16 and December 5, 1955 be ap-
proved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Albert Franklin Perry for a res-
taurant beverage license at the Venetian Pizzeria, 1980 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Elias Atol to move his package liquor store,
Charli's Liquor Store, from 521 Carson to 1511 South Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for gaming licenses for
the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

CAMPANELLI'S	Joseph Campanelli	630	South 11th	3	slots

club louisianna	C.R. Millhizer	521	Jackson	2	slots

SILVER CLUB CAFE	C.R. Millhizer	505	Jackson	2	slots

DEED TO DESERT PARK INC.

DEED TO FIRST SECURITIES

CORP.



HOUSE MOVING
Harry Herst

PETITION FOR NORTH
6TH STREET
EXTENSION 

CONCESSIONAIRE

CONTRACT

Cancelled

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



MINUTES



LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Change of Location

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New 