Commissioner Peccole moved the final map of Southridge Tract No. 4
be approved with the provision that the improvements covered by
the performance bond be completed by December 31, 1951, and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Banker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to secure
deed for the alley right of way, said alley to be parallel to North
Main Street from Mesquite to Bonanza Road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following Vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whippie and His Honor voting
age; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved the following resolution be adopted:
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada,
deem it advisable that certain changes be made in the Las Vegas City Charter, and

WHEREAS, it is believed that the proposed changes of said City Charter
are for the best interests of the majority of the inhabitants of said City, and

WHEREAS, the proposed Amendment to Section 1, Chapter 1, as amended by
Chapter 132, Statutes of Nevada 1949, is deemed necessary and advisable in
that the City of Las Vegas is an expanding and growing City and has the need for
an extension of its City limits to include property not now within the limits
of said City, and

WHEREAS, the said City is in a position to furnish facilities to said
proposed area including fire protection, police protection, City sewer and
garbage service, and

WHEREAS, the proposed Amendment to Chapter 1, Section 2, as amended by
Chapter 132, Statutes of Nevada 1949, would provide a more expeditious method
of annexing lands to the City of Las Vegas if and when the necessity arises,
and

WHEREAS, it is deemed to be for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, that an Amendment be made to the present Civil Service Act providing
that all members of the City of Las Vegas, except department Heads, the City
Manager and duly elected officials, shall be covered by said Act, and

WHEREAS, said proposed Amendments to the Civil Service Act have met the
approval of the present Civil Service Board, and

WHEREAS, certain Amendments have been proposed to expedite the creation
and accomplishment of Special Assessment Districts within the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Mayor and the City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas in a regular session, that the Legislature and Senate
of the State of Nevada, by and through the Clark County Delegation, be requested
to adopt the proposed Amendments to the Las Vegas City Charter, a copy of which
is attached hereto, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that copies of this Resolution be mailed to the
assembly delegates for Clark County and to the Senator from Clark County, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be authorized to prepare
to take over the garbage operation if and when continuous service is
not provided by the Contractor as per his contract with the City.

Further that Mr. Peelan be notified of this action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Manager be authorized to write a
letter of commendation to the Superintendent of Recreation, Robert
Genochio and his assistant, James Gay on their fine display presented
at the recent Recreation Conference in San Diego.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the petition dated February 15, 1951 from
the property owners in the Meadows addition relative to their inadequate
water supply be referred to the Public Service Commission for their
investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SOUTHRIDGE TRACT #4
Final Map

ALLEY PARALLEL TO
NORTH MAIN

RESOLUTION
Charter Change

GARBAGE SERVICE

RECREATION DEPARTMENT

MEADOWS ADDITION -
Water Service 