Thereupon a plat of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4 was introduced to the
Board for approval, said townsite being owned by First State Bank, a corporation of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and being situated in the NE 1/4 of Section 55, Township 20 South,

Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M. It appearing to the Board that said townsite plat had
been approved by the City Planning Commission, it was ordered, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried, that the Mayor approve said plat and that the clerk attest the same.

Thereafter a recess was declared until the 13th day of February, 1929, at the
hour of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 13th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 13th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Motion was made by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy that plat of
Gibson and Jones Addition to City of Las Vegas, Nevada, situated in the NW 1/4 of the NE 1/4
of the SE 1/4 of Section 35, Township 20, South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., presented to
the Board at this time, be approved; that the Mayor be directed to approve same and the
Clerk to attest said plat. Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J.

Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C. German, together with His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting
aye; noes, none.

At this time, Mr. Frank N. Riley, on behalf of T. J. Lawrence, made application to the
Board for an expression of opinion as to the probability of securing, in co-operation
with the Railroad Company, a portion of the City Tract of approximately thirty (30) acres
in connection with a tourist hotel project.

Noblitt Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, was presented to the Board at this
time, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was referred to the Planning Commission
of the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Friday, February 15th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 15th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A plat of Noblitt Addition to the City of Las Vegas, said townsite being owned by
Cora J. Noblitt and being situated in the NE 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of the SE 1/4, Section 35, Township
20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., was presented to the Board for approval. It.
appearing to the Board that said plat had been approved by the City Planning Commission and is
in proper form, it was by the Board ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,
that the Mayor approve said plat and the Clerk attest the same.

Thereupon the plat of 14th Street City Addition, owned by A. W. Ham and Alta M. Ham, his
wife, R. W. Martin and Nellie Martin, his wife, T. M. Carroll and Nellie C. Carroll, his wife,