Las Vegas, Nevada
June 4, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 4th day of June, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Ass't City Planner	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Mayor	C.D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

USE PERMIT - U-9-58	Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that this was the time set for the public hearing

on the appeal by Paris Stewart of the denial of his application for a use permit
Public Hearing on	to authorize the conduct of a dressmaking business as a home occupation by his

Appeal	tenant Margie Redfeam at 509 North 8th Street. His Honor advised that this application 

was denied by the City Commission on May 7, 1958. He further stated
that the Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended approval of said application subject 
to the limitation of the permit to the present occupant, check by the License
Department and an improvement agreement for the installation of sidewalk.

His Honor announced that two written protests have been received, one from Mr. and
Mrs. Joe Evans at 500 North 9th Street and the other from Mrs. Fern E. Kaercher at
517 North 10th Street.

Mr. Paris Stewart appeared before the Commission and stated that he has owned this
property for a number of years, and until approximately seven years ago lived at
this location. Mr. Stewart stated that several years ago he personally circulated
a petition to request the installation of sidewalks in this area, and at that
time received very few signatures on said petition. He advised that there are no
sidewalks on this side of the block, and he felt that if he were required to install 
a fifty foot strip at this time that it would be more of a detriment and
hazardous than an improvement.

Mr. Stewart further stated that Mrs. Redfeam does alteration work primarily, and
since there will be no signs, or indication of a business other than a sewing
machine he requested approval of the application for use permit. He indicated
that at the present time Mrs. Redfeam is the sole support of her family, and it
is quite necessary that she be allowed to operate as a home occupation.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if anyone else wished to speak on this matter.

Mrs. Joe Evans appeared and stated that she did not object to Mrs. Redfearn using
this location for a dressmaking business, but she did feel that sidewalks should
be installed. She pointed out that there is a church, school and nursery school
in this area, and sidewalks are almost a necessity for pedestrians.

His Honor asked if there was anyone else who wished to comment or object. No one
else appeared.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Stewart the location of the nearest sidewalk in
this area. Mr. Stewart stated that his property was 100 feet from the comer,
and the nearest sidewalk was in the adjacent block.

Commissioner Sharp asked Mr. Stewart if he would be agreeable to the installation
of sidewalks under an improvement or assessment district in this vicinity. Mr.
Stewart stated he would agree to put in a sidewalk at such time as an assessment
district is proposed.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the appeal by Paris Stewart of the denial of
his application for use permit be upheld and that a Use Permit be granted subject
to the following conditions:

1.	The Use Permit be limited to use by the present tenant, Mrs.
Redfearn.

2.	That a check be made by the License Department in one year
as to the operation of this business as a home occupation.

3.	That the applicant agree to put in a sidewalk at such time
as an Assessment District is proposed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none.

REZONING (Z-4-58)	The application of the LDS Church and Vegas Linen Supply Inc. for the reclassification 

LDS Church & Vegas	of property located in Section 26, T20S, R61E, from R-4 and C-2 to M-1 and

Linen	R-3, was considered.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that this area is bounded by 5th
Street. Bruce Street, Woodlawn Cemetery and Lions Club Park, and the application
was recommended for approval by the Planning Commission on May 27, 1958.

Mr. Bills explained that the general design was worked out through a series of
conferences with the Planning Commission and a committee from the LDS Church, with
information from Anderson Dairy who is located in this area and the Vegas Linen
Supply Co. He stated that there was only one protest to this proposed rezoning at
the Planning Commission, the owner of the Mountain View Trailer Park.

6-4-58