Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.115 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property as
is	exempt from taxation,	said tax to	be	known as and	used	as The Water Sewer end Light	Fund.

Resolved, that an	ad valorem	tax	of $.021	on	each	one	hundred dollars worth	of	taxable

property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property as
is	exempt from taxation,	said tax to	be	known as	and	used	as	the Library Fund.

Resolved, that an	ad valorem	tax	of $.072	on	each	one	hundred dollars worth	of	taxable

property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1932, including net proceeds from mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Bond Interest Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.099 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be know as and used as the Bond Redemption Fund,

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.035 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied collected
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

Vote on the above Resolutions was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German,
and Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

City Clerk

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the W.S. & L. Com-
missioner owing to the absence of that officer.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money for the month of Sept. Received as follows:

$7,716.50 Licenses Fines and Fees.

279.00	Poll Tax

68.00	W.S. & L. Permits

____95.00 Sale of cemetery lots.

8,158.50	Total

Money proportioned as follows:

$5,000.00 P and F Fund.

2,716.50	General Fund.

279.00	Street Fund.

95.00 Cemetery Fund
_____________68.00 W.S & L. Fund

8,158.50

former

Mrs. Pinkston appeared before the Board and ask that Henry Blacknall, colored officer for
the City of Las Vegas, be reinstated on the police force in the northern part of the City.

No action was taken on the matter at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by commissioners gaming licenses were granted to
the following, Las Vegas, Club, Northern Club, Joe Morgan, A.T. Mc Carter, Rainbow Club,

Jack Butler Wm, Jones, applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on
file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas all slot machine licenses
presented to the Board for its approval were granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
bid of the First State Bank for the purchase of sewer bonds be accepted, and that the City sell 
State Bank bonds nos. 7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16 inclusive at 6% interest, par and accrued
said First interest as per bid of said First State Bank of Sept. 29th, 1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.