Ralph Purdy representing the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board in regard to
the Junior Chamber of Commerce taking over the activities of the Las Vegas Horseman's Assoc-
iation.

No definite action was taken on this matter at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and ordered that
the Board of Commissioners comply with the request made in writing to this Board by Miss Ormsbay
asking that an order be place against all tavern, and beverage stores from selling any alcoholic
liquors to her brother Bud Ormsby. The Clerk was directed to send out the notices as provided
in Ordinance No. 203 the of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the
Mayor and Clerk sign the agreements with the General Petrolaum, Co;; Union Oil and Shell Oil
Companies for gas for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A.L. Drew City Electrical Inspector presented plans and specifications for street light projects
in various parts of the City of Las Vegas. These plans had been prepared at the request of Jas.

H. Down, Commissioners of Water Sewer and Light.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the above mentioned plans and specifications be handed to the Mr. Down, and Mr. Baker for further
investigation and approval.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 21st day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 21st, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21st day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Marble City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Perry.

Mr. Joe Ronnow of the Las Vegas Horseman's Association appeared before the Board and presented
the report of the Race Meet held in Las Vegas November 28th, 29th and 30th, 1936.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the report of the Las Vegas Horseman's Association be accepted and placed on file.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board a letter from the Las Vegas Colored Association asking that
certain improvements be made in the H.F.M. and M. addition to the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of	Commissioner	Marble seconded by	Commissioner	Krause it	was	moved and	carried	that

the Clerk be	directed to write the association and inform	them that	the	the Board	would meet

with them the night of January 8th, 1937. Mr. Baker City Engineer was instructed to check the
cost of the improvements ask for by the association and present same to the Board at that time.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of	Commissioner	Marble seconded by	Commissioner	Krause it	was	moved and	carried	that

the sales agreements from	the Rio Grande Oil	and Mohawk Oil Companies be returned	to said

	companies and that same be corrected to read any part of the gasoline requirements for the year
1937.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of November 30th, December 4th and 10th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Wednesday the 30th day of December 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
DECEMBER 30th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 30th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Down and Marble,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry