All of South 7th Street from a point 103.33 feet south of the center line of Park
Paseo to the north property line of Franklin Avenue; all of South 8th Street from
a point 157 feet south of the center line of Park Paseo to the north property line
of Franklin Avenue; all of Franklin Avenue from the east tract line of Vega Verde
Addition to its intersection with South 7th Street; all of South 9th Street from
a point 108 feet north of the center line of Franklin Avenue to its intersection
with Franklin Avenue.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4 shall include all the lots, premises and pro-
perty to the full depth of such fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street and parts of streets.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the
work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for
public inspection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons
interested are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and Fifth
Streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November, 1950, at 3:30 o'clock, P.M.,to
hear and consider any suggestions and objections, that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed
improvements, or any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meet-
ing. Unless the owners of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections
thereto, such work shall be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October, 1950.

City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or in-
validate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the
specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in
any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of
this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inade-
quate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary im-
mediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency,
exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately
following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published
in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication
hereof.

Commissioner Peccole then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Those voting “Nay":	None

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed
and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore and seconded by Commissioner Peccole, that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this
ordinance at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting
the final passage and adoption of skid emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":              Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Moore
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Those voting "Nay":	None