BE IT RESOLVED, this 16 day of October, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 29 day of May, 1957; executed by Adelheid Hammer to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of Streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation
Permits as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

ASSEMBLY BIBLE CHURCH

VEGAS VALLEY BUSINESS & PROFESSIONAL WOMEN'S CLUB
UNITED FUND OF CLARK COUNTY, INC.

NEW JERUSALEM BAPTIST CHURCH

CLARK COUNTY ASSN. FOR RETARDED CHILDREN

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of J.J. Parker for an additional gam-
ing license for one Pinball Machine with a cash pay-off chute at Mike's Liquor
Store, 112 South 1st Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Reve-
nue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Orlin C. Loveland for a license for
the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products at the Country Fair Market,

25th and Bonanza be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue author-
ized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Orlin C. Loveland for a Retail Bever-
age license at the Country Fair Market, 25th and Bonanza. The City Manager ad-
vised the Commission that the report from the Police Department is favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Orlin C. Loveland for a Retail
Beverage license at the Country Fair, 25th and Bonanza be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of Lorenzo E. Carro for a Restaurant
Beverage license at Larry's Italian Restaurant, 2008 E. Charleston. City Manager
Kennedy advised the Commission that this license is presently issued to Harriet
Cicchetti doing business as Rocco's, and the Police investigation of Mr. Carro
is favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Lorenzo E. Carro for a Restaurant
Beverage license at Larry's Italian Restaurant, 2008 E. Charleston be approved
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the claim of Frank W. Stone for damage to his property at
l6l4 Lewis, reportedly caused by stoppage of the City's sewer line on August 24,

1957 the amount of $95.00.

Commissioners Fountain moved the claim of Frank Stone for damages in the amount
or $95.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the claim of Willie Joiner for personal injuries re-
portedly caused by a Police Officer on July l4, 1957; in the amount of $20,000.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved the claim of Willie Joiner for damages in the amount of
$20,000.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 14398 thru 14928 in the net
amount of $74,698.85, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

CHARITABLE SOLICI-
TATION PERMITS
Approved



GAMING LICENSE
Additional

CIGARETTE LICENSE
New



LIQUOR LICENSE
New

Country Fair



LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner &
Name of Business

Larry's,Restaurant

CLAIMS FOR DAMAGE
Frank W. Stone

Willie Joiner

PAYROLL WARRANTS