certain streets and alleys and portions of streets and alleys and easements
hereinafter particularly described, a sanitary sewer composed of vitrified
clay pipe, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special
assessments made according to benefits against the owners and assessable
lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and
included within said district; and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district any lands belonging to
the City or public grounds not taxable; and in no case does the estimated
amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premise for said improvements
exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the value of such lot or premise as shown
upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation; and

WHEREAS; in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las
Vegas, it is fair and equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be
borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS; said Board considers it necessary; desirable; and for the best interests
of the City, to take the steps provided by law for the organization of an assess-
ment district and the construction therein of said improvements; and

WHEREAS; said Board; by a resolution duly adopted and approved on the 6th day of
July, 1955, ordered the City Engineer to make estimates of the expenses thereof;
and plats; diagrams and plans of the work and of the locality to be improved; and
to file such estimates; plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for public
examination; and

WHEREAS, on the 16th day of August, 1955, said estimates; plats, diagrams and
plans were so filed.

NOW; THEREFORE; THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN
AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las VegaS; Nevada;
does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by
installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets and alleys and parts of streets
and alleys and easements therein; to create by special assessments made according
to benefits against the owners and the assessable lots; premises and property
specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district; pro-
portionately to the benefits received.

SECTION 2. That the Board proposes to make said improvements by installing a
sanitary sewer in and along certain streets and alleys and portions of streets
and alleys and easements therein; said sewer to be composed of vitrified clay
pipe; together with such appurtenances as may be required; as is more particularly
shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved;
now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the streets and alleys and parts of streets and alleys and
easements in and along which the Board proposes to install vitrified clay pipe;
are the following:

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 24 and 25 Valley View Addition.

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 20, 21, 26, 27 and 28 Valley View
Addition, from the easterly line of Lot 6 of each Block eastwardly
to the existing sewer in "A" Street.

ADAMS AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street; 390 feet Westerly;
WASHINGTON AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, 500 feet
Westerly.

"H" Street from the intersection of Washington Avenue to the inter-
section of Adams Avenue.

The East-West alley bisecting Block 32, H.F.M. & M. Addition from
the center line of "H" Street, 79½ feet eastwardly to an existing
sewer in said alley.

SECTION 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create;
shall be designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17;
and shall include all the lots; premises and property to the full depth of such;
fronting; adjoining and abutting on said streets and alleys and parts of streets
and alleys; and easements.

The boundaries of said proposed Assessment District are as follows:

All the property included in Blocks 24, 25, 26, Valley View Addition.

All of Block 21; Valley View Addition; except Lots 6 and 7- All of
Block 20; Valley View Addition; except Lots 6 and 7- All of Block 27;

Valley View Addition; except Lots 6 and 7. All of Block 28, Valley
View Addition; except Lots 6 and 7; and all property included in the
following described boundary:

From the northwest corner of the intersection of "H" Street (80 feet in
width) with Washington Avenue (70 feet in width) which is the true point
of beginning; thence westwardly along the northerly line of Washington
Avenue a distance of 497.56 feet to a point; thence northwardly normal
to the last described course a distance of 110 feet to a point thence
eastwardly; parallel to Washington Avenue a distance of 110 feet to a

9-8-55