Consideration was given to the deed from Herman B. and Helen M. Winters
for a 40 foot right-of-way for Noble lane, north of Bonanza Road.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18 day of December, 1957, by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
Deed, dated the 9 day of December, 1957; executed by Herman B. Winters and
Helen Marie Winters to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT 	The Commission considered the application of James L. Hogan for a permit to
James L. Hogan	move a building from the County to 2530 Sunrise Avenue, The Building Department

	recommended this application be approved, and explained that the building was

to be used for storage and not as a house.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of James L. Hogan to move a building
from the County to 2530 Sunrise Avenue be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION 	Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation
PERMITS	Permits as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be approved, and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits.

ORDER OF RAINBOW FOR GIRLS
VENTURE CLUB OF LAS VEGAS
CAMP FIRE GIRLS
DOWNTOWN OPTIMIST CLUB

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOLICITATIONS REVIEW 	Commissioner Whipple moved that Lovell B. Rhonehouse be appointed as a member of
BOARD	the Solicitations Review Board to replace Muriel Tsvetkoff who has resigned.

Appointment of Member               Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	Mayor Baker announced that there is a vacancy on the Housing Authority of the

Appointment of	City of Las Vegas, caused by the death of Edgar Hammond.

Member

The City Manager was requested to write a letter to Mr. Hammond's widow thanking
her for his services on this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Carl Reed be appointed to replace Mr. Hammond,
said term to expire June 6, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Nick Thomsen for a license for the

retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products at Nick's Drugs, 812 South 5th be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the application of Thomas E. Taney for a Club Liquor

New	license for the Knights of Columbus at 10th and Ogden Streets. City Manager

Knights of Columbus	Kennedy stated that the Police investigation of this applicant was favorable, and

it was recommended that the license be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Thomas E. Taney for a Club Liquor
license for the Knights of Columbus at 10th and Ogden be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE	Consideration was given to the application of Bernard Shapiro for a slot machine

Slot Machine	operators license, dba United Coin Machine Co. at 1308 South Main Street. Mr.

Operator	Kennedy advised the Commission that Mr. Shapiro has the pinball machines with

the cash payoff chutes, and that the Police investigation is favorable.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bernard Shapiro be granted a slot machine operators
license at United Coin Machine Co., 1308 South Main Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DETECTIVE LICENSE	The Commission considered the application of Richard G. Dean for a detective

Richard G. Dean	agency license, dba Merchants Detective Service, 300 Fremont Street, Room 121.

	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the Police investigation of this application

is favorable.

12-18-57