89

1.	A more desirable street arrangement with consideration for -

(a)	adequate circulation to adjoining and adjacent streets
and lands;

(b)	continuity of streets through tract where possible;

(c)	elimination of cul-de-sac streets where possible;

(d)	provide alley at west boundary adjoining Boulder Addition.

2.	A more desirable lot arrangement around cul-de-sac frontages
where the same must be provided.

3.	Fire protection access and facilities, surface drainage and
other improvements.

This action was taken at a meeting of the Joint Planning Commission on June 3,

1947, with instructions to the Planning Engineer to consult with the Sub-divider or his
agent, concerning the above and the proper adjustments of same.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS--CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION
s/ C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

CHARTER REVISED	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Legal Department be advised that

It is the order of this Board that a revision of the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas be made subject to the approval of this Board for
presentation at the 1949 session of the Legislature.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

ADJOURNMENT	There being no further business to come before this meeting Commissioner

Whipple moved that the meeting adjourn until June 20, at the hour of
2:00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote* Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

City Clerk

Mayor

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JUNE 9, 1947

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby called to be held in the Commissioners Council
Chambers in the War Memorial Building On Monday, June 9, 1947 at
the hour of 3:10 P.M., to act upon the following:

1. Resolution to confirm the action taken
by the Commissioners of the Las Vegas
Housing Authority.

s/ E. Cragin
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor and to C. R. Clark, R. T. Baskin, R. T. Moore,
Reed Whipple, Commissioners and T. E. Fennessy, City Manager of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this
day issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Com-
missioners of the City of La s Vegas, Nevada will be held on Monday,
June 9, 1947 a t the hour of 3:10 p.m. to consider the following
business:

1. Resolution to confirm the action taken by the

Commissioners of the Las Vegas Housing Authority.

s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk.