PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Specialty Plumbing
Licenses

PETITION FOR VACATION

RECREATION CENTER
Changes

PARKING FACILITIES

E. Charleston

PARADISE VILLAGE
Tract Nos. 1 to 4
Release of Bonds

SEWER EASEMENT

UPRR

CITY HALL ALTERATION
Credit

DAWSON PARK
Extension of Time

LAS VEGAS SQUARE
Building Permits

PETITION FOR STREET
IMPROVEMENT

At this time the Board considered the proposed ordinance allowing specialty plumbing
licenses for the installation of water softeners and sprinkling systems.

Mr. Ivan Larkin and Mr. Barney Cannon spoke in protest to this ordinance. They stated
that they felt it would be a health menace to allow anyone other than a journeyman
plumber working under the supervision of a master plumber to make connections to the
water line.

Mr. Floyd Jones, Walter Casey, Bud Kennedy and John Mendoza spoke in behalf of this
ordinance, and requested its approval.

Thereafter the committee requested additional time before reporting on this ordinance.

At this time a petition for the vacation of a portion of North 1st Street located between
North Main, North 5th and Park Street in the Sunset Park Addition, was considered by the
Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this petition be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Richard Bledsoe, architect for the Recreation Center appeared before the Board at
this time, and was questioned concerning the change required for the handball court in
the Recreation Center.

Mr. Bledsoe admitted that it was a mistake on his part, and offered to stand the expense
of $1,295.

The Board decided that an adjustment of this matter will be made later and Mr. Bledsoe
will be notified of the decision by the City Manager.

Discussion was held on the parking facilities along East Charleston in front of the
William Urga and Steel buildings. No action was taken.

The Board considered the release of the bonds on Paradise Village Tract Nos. 1, 2, 3, and 4.
City Engineer George E. Wade stated that there were several minor things that had not been
taken care of in these tracts, and that the Subdivider had been notified of the discrepancies.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the bonds on Paradise Village Tract Nos. 1, 2, 3
and 4 be released subject to approval and inspection of the Public Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The proposed construction of a sewer line under and across Union Pacific Railroad property
was discussed at this time. The location is north of Charleston Boulevard and east of
Hastings Avenue.

Thereafter on motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and
carried unanimously, the following resolution was adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of November, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated the

day of	, 1954, executed by Union Pacific Railroad Company to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is

hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said easement, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Director of Public Works George Wade advised the Commission that the City had a credit
coming on the rubber tile ordered for the lobby. Mr. Wade explained that since the tile
had already been delivered we could have a $200.00 credit for returning the same, or take a
$40.00 credit for labor involved and keep the file. He stated that there was a necessity
for this tile.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works to
accept the $40.00 credit be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Dawson Park for extension of time to commence and complete construction
in Tract No. 1 was considered. City Engineer George Wade recommended that this request
be approved since the delay was caused by the rezoning in this area.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request for extension of time of 45 days be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on correspondence with the contractors for the improvement of
Las Vegas Square. Mr. Wade stated that he had notified them that the City would like for
them to enter into an agreement for the improvements in this area. He said that he had
received an answer from them to the effect that they would not enter into any agreement
and their attorneys had advised them that the City could not refuse to issue building
permits since this was an old subdivision and all lots were on dedicated streets.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petitions for improvement of Van Buren, Jackson and Harrison
Streets be referred to the City Engineer and City Manager for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

11-3-54