Viola Burns, as a member of the Cemetery Board presented to the Board of Commissioners
her resignation as a member of the Cemetery Board and recommended the name of Henry Deadrich
for appointment to fill the vacancy caused by her resignation.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that Viola Burns resignation from the Cemetery Board be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that Henry Deadrich be appointed as a member of the Cemetery Board to fill the vacancy caused
by the resignation of Viola Burns.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail tavern license be granted to the Foreign Club to be effective as of April 1st, 1940
at 111 No 1st St. This application approved by the Chief of Police Mr. Wait.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Joe Gallo and 12 slot machine licenses.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of fire hydrants were opened and upon motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that these bids be checked by the Pur-
chasing Clerk and the Police Commissioner and report be made at the next recessed meeting of the
Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of tires and tubes were opened and upon motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the bids be tabulated by
the Purchasing Clerk and that he made report at the next recessed meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the West Side Improvement Association was read to the Board asking that
the Mayor question members of the Commission as to some of their acts and to call a meeting so
on the account of "violations in City Council Meetings."

No action was taken on this letter and the same was file with the Clerk for record.

Mr. Coffey and Mr. Biggs of West Side orally ask the Board for street improvements and
they were informed that the Board would improve Westside as far as they were able with the money
available.

The Clerk read to the Board decision of the City Attorney, Mr. Austin in regards to the
stand he had taken on dealing with case brought into the City Court for "drunk driving".

This original report is on file and of record in the Clerk's Office.

Scout Master Bernard Burger ask that the Board of Commissioners consider the business of
having the various City Offices filled by members of the Boy Scout Troops at a meeting to be
held during the annual Boy Scout Week, same February 8th to 14th, 1940.

It was agreed by the Board that this meeting should be held Friday the 9th day of Feb-
ruary, 1940 at 3 o'clock P.M.

The next order of business appearing before the Board was the adopting of the Budget for
the year 1940 and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was
moved and Carried that the Budget for the year 1940 be adopted in the following form as same
is set up by the Nevada Tax Commission:

Page 1.

CITY BUDGETS

Budget of the City of Las Vegas, 1940
Information Required:

Assessed valuation---—	Actual	Estimated

1939	1940

Real Estate and improvements
Personal Property (County tax roll
plus Assessor's collections)

Net proceeds of mines

Total Taxable property	$5,195,929.	$5,200,000

Actual tax rate 1930	1.15

Total City Taxes levied 1940	65,065.77

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury	On	January 1, 1940	53,785.83

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied,	estimated	36,270.90

C.	Nontax revenues in 1940 estimated	227,235.00

D.	Expenditures 1940 estimated	195,457.50

E.	Nontax revenues estimated 1941	106,00.00

F.	Expenditures 1941 estimated	192,900.00

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding on January 1. Exclude
all special funds.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied in the previous year
and uncollected, and collections from taxes now delinquent.

S. See Schedule No. 1 Col. 2.

D. See Schedule No. 1, Col 2.

E.	See Schedule No. 1, Col.3.

F.	See Schedule No. 2, Col 3.