Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Hortense McKiernan for a Service Bar liquor
license at the El Cholo Cafe, 625 South 5th Street he approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTSIDE GROCERY	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Elijah Pullens for a Retail Beverage license

at the Westside Grocery, 1200 D Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

THE GROOVE	Consideration was given to the application of Florence Elmore for a Restaurant Beverage

license at The Groove, 416 West Bonanza. The City Manager advised that the Police 
investigation was favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Florence Elmore for a Restaurant Beverage
Liquor license at The Groove, 416 West Bonanza, be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BONANZA CAFE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Roland Michaud for a Restaurant Beverage

liquor license at the Bonanza Cafe, 410 West Bonanza be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSES	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Frank and Manuel Nash for the Retail Beverage

Change of Owner	liquor license at the Park Market, 424 North 5th Street be approved and the Supervisor of

PARK MARKET	License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSES	The commission considered the application of James Spartan, James P. Long, Dave Auerbachs,

Change of Owner	George Hartman, Guy Matthews, J. R. Graves and E. L. Frazer for the Restaurant Beverage Liquor

SILL'S DRIVE IN	license at Sill's Drive In, 1000 South 5th Street, previously issued to Miller, Sill and

Christian. City Manager Kennedy advised that the Police investigation on these applicants
was favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Lake Company for the Restaurant Beverage
license at Sill's Drive In, 1000 South 5th Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DIXIE SANDWICH SHOP	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Nathan Young for the Restaurant Beverage license

of the Dixie Sandwich Shop, 24 Fremont formerly issued to George Burns, be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for Cigarette Licenses be approved,

and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

COFFEE POT TU	413 W. Charleston	Sutton	Vending

BLUE HEAVEN BAR	2031 E. Charleston	Sutton	Vending

DE LUCA IMPORTING	723 North Main	Sutton	Vending

ALLEN'S BEAUTY COLLEGE	116 North 3rd	Sutton	Vending

WOOLWORTH'S	5th and Fremont	Sutton	Vending

WESTSIDE GROCERY	1200 D. Street	Elijah	Pullens

PARK MARKET	424 North 5th	Frank and Manuel Nash

SILL'S DRIVE IN	1000 South 5th	Lake Company

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AMBULANCE SERVICE	The Commission considered the application of William E. Curtis for an Ambulance Service

license for the Emergency Ambulance Inc. at 600 West Bonanza.

City Manager Kennedy reported that an investigation has been made of Mr. Curtis and his
proposed business, and it was found that his capital assets are $23,700 plus $300 in the
bank. His liabilities are $5,700. Mr. Kennedy stated that Mr. Curtis has a license with the
County and North Las Vegas; and in North Las Vegas he has an agreement with the North Las
Vegas Fire Department to keep his ambulance there and the Fireman are the drivers for a
percentage fee. He reported that it is proposed to have an ambulance at the new Sunrise
Hospital, one at the North Las Vegas location and one at 600 West Bonanza if the Commission
approves this application. Mr. Kennedy recommended the license be granted.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he felt some control should be made on the ages of the
Drivers. He stated that the last ambulance service that recently went out of business had
youngsters driving in a reckless manner. It was suggested that the Chief of Police notify
Mr. Curtis that all drivers must be 21 years of age or more; also that the Chief of Police
notify any other ambulance companies to the same effect.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Curtis for a license for Emergency
Ambulance Inc. at 600 West Bonanza be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

8-20-58