On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
Mr. Austin, City Attorney prepare proper Resolution wherein said City would pledge itself to give tbs
su of $125.00 toward a survey of the water supply in Las Vegas Valley.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
the Clerk forward Forms Nos. 710 and in the amount of $562.81 covering materials, and 710A for
$273.50, covering labor on W.P.A. Projects to Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. W.P.A.

Vote being Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was. moved and carried that
three (3) slot machine licenses be granted to the Las Vegas Sweet Shoppe.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
the claim of Jack Price in the amount of $24.45 for shoes for volunteer fire men be allowed.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that bids received for grass seed and motor grader parts be handed to Commissioner Krause for
checking, recommendation or purchasing.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Tuesday the 31st day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

MAY 31st, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 31st day of May, 1938 at the hour seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow city Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the City rent to the Las Vegas land & Water Company road equipment to be used on a private
road being constructed by said company in the Industrial District of the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that S.U. Stewart of the Street Department be granted annual leave of absence from Jun 1st to
June 15th, 1938.

Vote Commissioner Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that bids opened at this time be handed to the Purchasing Clerk for checking and tabulation.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. W.P. A. appeared before the Board with additional application for
for sidewalk, curb, gutter and sewer improvements.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same on behalf of the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to insert notice in the Las Vegas Review Journal calling attention
the fact that property owner might register their desire of participating in the proposed improve-
ment district. Said Improvement District to be for street paving, curb and gutters.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A discussion was entered into by the Board at this time as to helping finance a survey of
the water situation in Las Vegas valley and the following Preambles and Resolution were introduced
and passed:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, feel
that a survey of the Las Vegas underground artesian basin is necessary for the purpose of conserving 

and protecting the development of the artesian water supply of the City of Las Vegas and its
surrounding territory, and

WHEREAS the services of an engineer of the Water Resources Branch of the U.S. Geological
Survey can be procured for making of such survey for the sum of Five Hundred Dollars ($$500.00)
in addition to a contributing to be made by the U.S. Government, and