418

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Upon motion of Commissioner Moore, Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1804 to l8l8

WARRANTS	inclusive, 1820 and 1821 in the total amount of $75,239.12 were approved and the Mayor and

	City Clerk authorized to sign same, and further that the Comptroller be ordered to

hold said warrants until money is available for their payment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE INVESTIGATION - Upon motion of Commissioner Whipple the City Clerk was directed to have the Police
Liquor License Applicants Department make investigation of the applicants whose liquor licenses were here-
tofore granted without an investigation, to-wit: Russell, Martin—Warner and Jeffer-
son; with request that investigation be completed at an early date.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVAL OF BOND	At this time City Attorney Cannon informed the Board that the Bond of Margaret

City Treasurer	Walker as City Treasurer has been checked by him and found in order and it was

ready for the approval of the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Bond of Margaret Walker be approved and ordered
filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Wood being present at the meeting was directed to check out Treasurer Sloan
and check in Treasurer Walker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Whipple moved the meeting recess until June 29, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 29, 1949

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 29th day of June,

 1949 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P. M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin
with the following members present:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple;

City Manager J. M. Murphy, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley
Ballinger.

TRUCK DRIVERS &	At this time Mr. T. H. Underhill appeared before the Board as spokesman for the Truck

BOTTLERS ASS!N.	Drivers and Bottlers Associations of the City.

	His Honor read a letter under date of June 29, 1949 from said associations appealing to

the Board for permission to park in the streets in order to make deliveries.

After discussion was held on this matter the Board requested the matter to be deferred
until the next regular meeting on July 7, 1949.

MC NEIL TRACT -	Commissioner Moore moved that the resubdivision of McNeil Tract, Block 1, 2 and 3 as re-

Resubdivision	commended by the Regional Planning Commission in their letter of April 28, 1949, be ap-

proved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign said map subject to check by the
	City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WOLLMAN PROPERTY -	At this time the letter under date of April 18, 1949 from the Regional Planning Commission

Rezoning	relative to the rezoning of certain property owned by Mr. Murray Wollman was presented

to the Board.



Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that the rezoning of this property, namely the NE 1/4
of the SW 1/4, Section 3, T. 21 S., R. 6l E., M.D.B. & M from RE to Rl zone and a portion of the
NW 1/4 of the SW 1/4, Section 3, T 21 S., R. 6l E., M. D. B. & M be changed from RE to R3
zone, be approved subject to the stipulation that there be allowance made for a street
between the R1 and R3 zones, in the event this property is subdivided.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye, noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	At this time the following applications for liquor licenses for the third quarter of 1949

Change of Name,	were presented to the Board of their consideration:

Applicant, Partners Etc

ESQUIRE BAR
HOUSE OF STEAKS
INEZ CAFE

LAS VEGAS DISTRIBUTING CO
LOG CABIN BAR
MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE
MONTE CARLO INC.