

WHEREAS, on the 27th day of June, 1952 Vowell and Hitchcock filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to operate a Ready Mix Plant at 1606 Truck Highway
between New York Avenue and Wyoming Street; and

WHEReAS, on July 10, 1952, the Regional Planning commission held a public hearing on this
application for a Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received and;

WHEREAS, On July 10, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application on the
ground that this type of use would be in keeping with the industrial type of uses presently
existing in the area; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Plannng Commission was filed with the Board of
Commissioners on July 11, 1952, recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Vowell and Hitchcock be granted a Use Permit to operate a Ready Mix Plant at 1606
Truck Highway, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

VACATION OF aLLEY Action on the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the petition of property
South 4th St.	owners in Block 21, South Addition for the vacation of the alley running between Hoover Street

	and Charleston Boulevard, was held for further study.

USE PERMIT
LDS Church

The Board of Commissioners considered the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on
the application of the LDS Church for a Use Permit to establish a recreation center on North 5th
Street.

HYDE PARK
final map

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted and
this Use Permit approved subject to the report of the committee on rights of way, utilities and
construction plans, and the following resolution adopted:

#206 RESOLUTION

WHeReAS, on July, 1952m Thomas G. Myers, President of the Moapa Stake of the Lds Church
filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission for a Use Permit to establish a
recreation center for the Church on North 5th Street across from the Elk's Stadium and east
of the Naval Reserve Building; and

WHEREAS, on July 10, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for a Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on July 10, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application inasmuch
as they felt the establishment of this recreation center would be an asset to the general area
and to the community; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board of
Commissioners on July 16, 1952, recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, Be IT ReSOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the LDS Church be granted a Use Permit to establish a recreation center on North 5th Street,
be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the final map on Hyde Park Subdivision be approved subject to the
following conditions:

1. Signature of the Chairman of the Regional Planning Commission on the map.

2.	A letter from the School Board stating that in lieu of the dedication of land for a
school, they have accepted $5,000.00.

3.	Approval of the City Engineer, signing of the agreement and filing the required performance

bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Commissioner Peccole passed his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

ReSOLUTIQN-R/W DeedOn motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole, and carried unanimously,

F.E. Searway
McWilliams Street

I

the following Resolution is adopted, and order made;

#307 



BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of July, 1952, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 30th day of June, 1952,
executed by F.E. Searway and C.H. Searway to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER ReSQLVeD, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

TEMPORARY USE
PERMIT

Wm. Gottschall

Commissioner Peccole moved the request of William Gottschall for a temporary Use Permit to conduct
a meat packing business at the Packing plant located at the end of Clos Road be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CIGaRETTE

APPLICATIONS

Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for Cigarette licenses be approved:

CUT Rate LIQUOR STORE 132
EL MIRaDOR MOTEL 2200
BUCKLEY'S ARCADE 20
BONANZA SERVICE STATION 720

South 5th	Hughie Roacn

South 5th	Glen W. Emmerson

Fremont	Sutton Vending

W. Bonanza	Sutton Vending