

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Miss Culley be replaced by Regina Ewalt as a clerk in the garbage
department at a salary of $125.00 per month, starting May 1, 1942. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following taxi applications be referred to Commissioners
Rubidoux and Tinch for recommendation at the next meeting: Riddle Scenic Tours,

C. W. Lane, Vegas Transit Company and Tanner Motor Tours. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A proposed bus line and application to operate same was presented by Mr. McKimmey.

Commissioner Clark suggested that same be taken under advisement. Thereafter, His

Honor appointed Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and Clark to investigate and make recommendation

at the next regular meeting.

A letter was read from the WPA requesting information regarding the 1938 sidewalk project.

The clerk was instructed to answer same.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bill of the Union Pacific for $4 for freight on
light fixtures for the War Memorial Building be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a report regarding insurance on the west wing of the War Memorial
Building stating that Cragin & Pike has furnished 3 months full coverage gratis.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Auditor's Ruling #3 regarding purchase orders
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that that certain motion authorizing the purchase of a lawn
mower for the cemetery department made on the 4th day of May, 1942, from the Salt Lake
Hardware Company of Salt Lake City, Utah be rescinded as it does not meet specifications. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Bid of Standard Wholesale Company in the sum of $386.50 covering the mowing
machine for the cemetery department, which does come up to specifications be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and voted on as follows: Aye: Commissioners Rubidoux
and Tinch, Noes, Commissioners Clark and Smith. Mayor Garrison passed his vote.

A certain Petition signed by a number of property owners requesting that permission be granted
for the erection of a building on the NE corner of Fifth and Monroe Street, West Side,
to be used as a cafeteria was read and referred to the building inspector.

After consultation with the city attorney, Mayor Garrison stated that he desired to
cast his vote in the affirmative on the former motion regarding the purchase of a lawn
mower for the cemetery.

A letter was read from Robert Allen, State Highway Engineer, acknowledging the bid of the
city on the State barns.

Commissioner Clark moved that vacations as recommended by Commissioner Rubidoux for
men in his department be allowed. A list of same being on file with the city clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Tinch having
left the room.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that 5000 2¢ stamped envelopes be purchased for the garbage
department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch returned to the council chamber.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Sanitation Engineer of the Clark County
Health Unit regarding the sanitary conditions of the Murry cabins be accepted and the
city attorney directed to take immediate action to eliminate same. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Garrison asked to be excused and Mayor Pro Tem, C. R. Clark, took the chair.

Judge Blad appeared before the commission and stated the position of the City Judge in
'regard to the Murray Case.

Discussion was had regarding the recommended rescinding of section 5 of the milk ordinance.

Commissioner Smith moved that Section 5 of Ordinance 250 as amended by Ordinance 265 be
rescinded and replaced with the Nevada State Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Mayor pro
tem voting aye. Commissioner Tinch passed.

Commissioner Rubidoux was instructed to look into the matter of whether or not there was
any emergency fire hose installed or to be installed in the airport administration building.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the bill of Bill Trelease for $150.65 for damages to his
car while going to a fire be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting
aye. Noes, none.