Scott Company for a Use Permit to operate a welding machine at 2204 Industrial Road; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
re-application subject to the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW; THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the re-application of Smith-Scott
Company for a use permit to operate a welding machine etc. at 2204 Industrial Road be and
the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Howard R. Chase for a use permit to
operate a music school from 8.00 A.M. to 8.00 P.M. Monday through Saturday at 330 South 10th
Street. The Board of Adjustment recommended this application be approved subject to
paving of alley, installation of off-site improvements and provision for five (3) off-
site parking spaces.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a re-
gular meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1936, having considered the application of Dr.

Howard R. Chase for a use permit to operate a music school from 8.00 A.M. to 8.00 P.-M.

Monday through Saturday at 330 South 10th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to paving of alley, installation of off-site improvements and provi-
sion for five (5) off-site parking spaces;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. Howard R.

Chase for a use permit to operate a music school from 8.00 A. M. to 8.00 P.M. Monday
through Saturday at 330 South 10th Street be and the same hereby is approved subject
to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Board considered the application of George, Ed Jr. and Jake Von Tabel for a use per-
mit to convert existing dwellings into a professional office building at l534 and 1538
East Charleston respectively. The Board of Adjustment recommended approval of these
applications subject to the condition of installation of off-site improvements at both
locations.

The Mayor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a re-
gular meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of George,

Ed Jr. and Jake Von Tobel for; use permit to convert existing dwellings into professional
office buildings at l534 and 1538 East Charleston respectively; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving these
applications subject to the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW,THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that these applications of George, Ed. Jr.
and Jake VonTabel for use permit to convert existing dwellings into professional office
buildings at 1534 and 1538 East Charleston respectively be and the same hereby are approved
subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of John Buettner for a Use Permit to have more
play area for children in connection with child nursery at 104, 104½ and 110 Baltimore.

The Board of Adjustment recommended the approval of this application.

The Mayor asked if there ware any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1936, having considered the application of John Buettner
for a use permit to have more play area for children in connection with child nursery at
104, lO4½ and 110 Baltimore; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John Buettner for
Use Permit be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT -U-17-56
Dr. Howard R. Chase



USE PERMIT -U-18-56
U-19-56

George, Ed Jr. & Jake
Von Tobel

USE PERMIT -U-20-56
John Buettner