PRECINCT NO.	S. GEORGE GILSON	WALTER J. RICHARDS

At this time the Board proceeded to canvass the votes on the following questions:

QUESTION NO. 1 SUBMITTED:

1.	"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General Obligation
Sewer Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $2,000,000.00, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the
existing sanitary sewer system, by acquiring sites and rights-of-way therefor and
acquiring, constructing and establishing additional sanitary sewer lines, an additional
sanitary sewerage disposal plant, a sanitary sewer effluent disposal system, and other
appurtenances to said system, said bonds to bear interest at a rate of not more than
seven (7) percent per annum, and to mature serially in regular numerical order at annual
intervals, commencing not later than the year 1958, and ending not later than the year
1980, both inclusive, said bonds maturing after the year 1966, to be subject to prior
redemption, at the option of the City on such terms as the Board of Commissioners may
determine on any interest payment date on and after ten (10) years from the date of the
bonds, principal and interest to be payable from an annual general tax levy, and from
such other sources available therefor as the Board of Commissioners may at its option
determine."

QUESTION NO. 2 SUBMITTED:

2.	"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General Obligation
Police Detention Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $275,000.00, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving
the police detention facilities, by establishing, constructing, and otherwise acquiring
Las Vegas Police Prison buildings and a suitable site and grounds therefor and extending
and bettering the present Las Vegas Police Station Building in order to increase the jail
facilities thereof, said bonds to bear interest at a rate of not more than seven (7)
percent per annum and mature serially in regular numerical order at annual intervals,
commencing not later than the year 1958, and ending not later than the year 1980, both
inclusive, said bonds maturing after the year 1966, to be subject to prior redemption,

at the option of the City on such terms as the Board of Commissioners may determine on
any interest payment date on and after ten (10) years from the date of the bonds,
principal and interest to be payable from an annual general tax levy, and from such other
sources available therefor as the Board of Commissioners may at its option determine."

QUESTION NO. 3 SUBMITTED:

3.	"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General Obligation Fire
Extinguishing System Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000.00, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving
the municipal Fire Extinguishing System, by acquiring additional fire extinguishing equip-
ment, and buildings therefor, together with such additional sites and grounds as may be

5-11-55

CANVASS OF ELECTION
RETURNS

Bond Questions