public place in the City of Las Vegas not accompanied by such parent, guardian or other person
having legal care and custody of such child, at any time between the hours of 8o'clock P.M. and
5o'clock. A.M. of the succeeding day, in or during the months of September, October, November,
December, January, February, March, April, and May; or at any time between the hours of 9o'clock
P.M. and 5 o'clock. A.M. of the succeeding day in or during the months of June , July and August.

Section 3. That it so hereby made the duty of the City Marshall to ring or cause to be
rung a curfew bell at 9o'clock P.M. of each and every day between June first and September first
of each year, and at 8o'clock P.M. of each and every day of the year other than those mentioned
in this section for the purpose of giving notice of the hour.

Section 4, That it is hereby made and declared to be the duty of the City Marshall and of

every police officer of the City of Las Vegas to enforce or cause to be enforced each and all of



the provisions of this ordinance. Any marshall or police officer finding or observing any child under
the age of sixteen years, not accompanied by its parent, guardian or other adult person having
legal custody and control of such child, loitering, wandering or strolling about in any public
streets, avenues, alleys or other public places in the City of Las Vegas contrary to or in violation

 of any of the provisions of this ordinance, shall place such child under arrest and shall
take, or cause to be taken, or send, such child to its home or place of abode, or to its parent
or guardian, and shall notify such parent, guardian, or person having legal custody and control
of such child, to be and appear with said child at and before the Municipal Court of the City
of Las Vegas on the next succeeding day at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. and it is hereby made the
duty of such parent, guardian or person having the legal custody and control of such child to be
and appear with said child at and before the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas at said time
and place at which he or she is notified, then and there to answer to any charge that may be pending

 or may be placed against said parent or child under the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 5, That every violation of this ordinance, or of any of the terms or provisions
thereof, shall constitute a misdemeanor, and every person found guilty of any such violations 
thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than $2.00 nor more than $5.00 or by imprisonment
in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas for a term not exceeding five days, or by both such
fine and imprisonment; provided, however, that the Court or judge before whom any person is found
guilty of violation any of the terms or provisions of this ordinance may , for the first time
or offence, in lieu of a fine or judgement of imprisonment, reprimand such person for his or her
violation of this ordinance, and admonish him or her against any further violation thereof.

Section, 6, All ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 7, This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately on and after its
passage and publication.

First reading November 1st, 1911.

Second reading December 6th, 1911.

The foregoing ordinance was then passed with the following vote towit:-

Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor
Peter Buol. voting aye.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the following resolution be passed
" To the Hon Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada. Gentlemen :

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby request your Hon Board to
apportion to the City of Las Vegas such proportion of the Las Vegas road district fund of the
County of Clark as the said City is entitled under sect. 32, of the Act of the State of Nevada
establishing the City of Las Vegas, approved March 16, 1911.