On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following Resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, it appears that there will be an unused amount of funds under P.W.A. Docket,

Nevada No. 1021 D, Las Vegas Street Improvements, due to a difference between the amount of the
contract price and the allotment and due to a saving in quanties and certain amounts of funds
which may be available in change from the latest approved breakdown, and

WHEREAS, said funds will be moneys contributed to the project by the City through its gen-
eral fund and not from special assessment, and which are matched up to 45% of the amount thereof
by the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works, and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners has determined that the use of said funds will be
of general benefit to the City by their expenditure on the construction of oil-bound paving on
South Main Street and South First Streets ( Los Angeles Highway connection) from South 5th St.
to Garces St; and on North Fifth Street from Stewart Street to the northeast corner of Las Vegas
City Park and it is desired to use all of the funds heretofore allocated to said project and
take advantage of Federal participation in the cost thereof; and the contractor has agreed to
perform said work at the unit prices under which the contract for said project was awarded:

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, that such change be made by the use of the funds available to include the streets above
mentioned, and the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works be requested to approve the
use of all unused portions of the grant to apply on the extension of the project to include
said streets, not to exceed the total amount of funds allotted to this docket Nevada No. 1021-D
Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor

voting aye. Noes, None.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following "Proposed Project Change Order" be adopted:

PROPOSED PROJECT CHANGE ORDER

Vote on the adoption of the Change Order was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 1st day of June, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JUNE 1st, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 1st day of June, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. on said day.

Present were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, City Attorney
and Clerk.

At this time two vacancies appearing on the Board of the City Planning Commission it was
on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble moved and carried that O.W. Yates
and R.B.Griffith be appointed to succeed themselves as members of the Planning Commission for
the ensuing term of four years. Said Terms expiring on May 25th, 1941.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.