The Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission
approving the application of Raymond and Martha Lundy to construct
a four unit apartment in addition to a duplex which exists at 900
South 4th Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commis-
sion be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of October, 1953, Raymond and Martha
Lundy filed an application with the Planning Commission for variance
to construct and maintain a four unit apartment in addition to a
duplex which exists on a lot 5,280 square feet in area and within
5 feet of the interior side property line on Hoover Street which
is the front of the proposed building and within 10 feet of existing
duplex at 900 South 4th Street in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use
District and

WHEREAS, on October 22, 1953, the Planning Commission held
a public hearing on this application for variance, at which time
no objections were raised and no communications protesting the
granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, ON October 22, 1953. the Planning Commission voted
to approve the application inasmuch as it was felt that this use
would not prove detrimental to the surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners
on October 27, 1953 recommending that such Variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning
Commission that Raymond and Martha Lundy be granted a variance to
construct and maintain a four unit apartment in addition to a duplex
which exists at 900 South 4th Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the application
for rezoning of Lots 17 thru 30 inc., of Block 24, Pioneer Heights
Subdivision from R-3 to R-4 be denied, was considered by the Board
at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commis-
sion that the application for rezoning be denied, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT - A. L. Anderson	The Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission

U-6U-53	- Denied	that the application of A. Lloyd Anderson for Use Permit to operate

a clinical psychologist office in his residence at 917 E. Carson
be denied.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the
Planning Commission for denial be accepted and the following reso-
lution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 25th day of September, 1953, A. Lloyd Anderson
filed an application with the Planning Commission for Use Permit
to operate and maintain a clinical psychologist office in his residence
at 917 East Carson Avenue between 9th and 10th streets in an R-4
(Multiple Dwelling) Use District; and

WHERAS, on October 22, 1953, the Planning Commission held a
Public Hearing on this application for use permit, at which time
several objections were voiced and protestents were present; and

WHEREAS, on October 22, 1953. the Planning Commission voted
to deny the application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would
be detrimental to surrounding property owners; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners
on October 26, 1953. recommending that such variance be denied.

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Raymond & Martha Lundy

V-78-53

REZONING APPLICATION
Lots 17 to 30, Blk 24
Pioneer Heights
Z-63-53	Denied

PETITION FOR VACATION
North side of Charleston
between 16th & 17th
Denied

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning
Commission that the application of A. Lloyd Anderson for use permit
to operate and maintain a clinical psychologist office in his residence
at 917 East Carson Avenue between 9th and 10th Streets be denied, be
and the same hereby is accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the
petition of Walter J. Murphy and others to vacate a strip of land
forty feet in width on the north side of Charleston Blvd., between
16th & 17th Streets be denied, was considered.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the
Planning Commission that this petition for vacation be denied, be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.