CLAIM - William Diemunsch

CLAIM - Dr. Woodbury
BIDS - Pulvi-Mixer

CONDEMNATION -
T/W Dyke Lane

RESOLUTION - Deed
Max and Laura Belle
Kelch

BOND NO. 237447 Waal-
Camplan and Thomas, Inc.

PROPOSED ORDINANCES
#314 and #315

AUDITORIUM - War Memorial
Building -- American Legion

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be
instructed to write a letter to Williams Diemunsch
stating that his Contractor's License, Number
21061 is good for the year 1946, and is not 

refundable. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the claim of
Dr. Woodbury be ordered filed and referred to the
proper department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time bid for a pulvi-mixer were opened
from the following firms:	C. D. Roeder 

Equipment Company, Reno, Nevada, no Bid; Shaw Sales
and Service Company, Los Angeles, California,
one asphalt road mix pulverizer mixer - SeaMan
Pulvermixer, 6 ft., F.O.B. Los Angeles, $2,783.50;
Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Company, 1
Model MHD72 SEAMAN Pulvermixer equipped with 75"
mixing roder, powered with 90 HP Waukesha engine,
complete F.O.B. Milwaukee, Wis., $2,572.50.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing
bids be tabled for future meetings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that City Attorney be
instructed to start condemnation proceedings against
Charlotte Rogers and C. L. Horn for R/w on Dyke Lane

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by
Commissioner Baskin and carried unanimously, the
following resolution was adopted and order made,
to-wit:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED THIS 22nd day of March, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed
dated the 14th day of March, 1946, executed by Maxwell Kelch and Laura
belle Kelch, a partnership doing business and Nevada Broadcasting Company,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for purposes
and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be attached to
said deed and be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the
bond of Waal-Camplan & Thomas, Inc., covering the
installation of street improvements and 

appurtenances in the Bonanza Village tract, Las Vegas,
Nevada, and City Clerk authorized to file same.

At this time the committee heretofore appointed
to make a recommendation on the proposed
ordinances 314 and 315 stated that they wished
additional time to make said report, and His
Honor granted them until April 6, 1946, at 10
a.m.

Commissioner Bates moved that the American Legion
be granted permission to use the War Memorial Hall
on the 27th day of March for boxing bouts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,