CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Thursday the 12th day of
September, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. to consider and act upon the following bus-
iness:

1. To consider the purchase of an air port for the City of Las Vegas and other matters incidental
thereto.

Dated this 12th day of September, 1940

John L. Russell,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— John L. Russell, Mayor and to Joe S Ronnow,

C.V.T.Gilbert, Herb Krause end Al Corradetti, Commissioners

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office on Thursday the 12th
day of September, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. to consider and act upon the following:

1. To consider the purchase of an airport for the City of Las Vegas and other matters incidental
thereto.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk

City Seal.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service of the
foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	Herb Krause	A Corradetti

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEV.
SEPT. 12th, 1940.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 12th day of September 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow and Gilbert.

Commissioner Corradetti and R.B. Griffith of the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce made
report of their recent conference with the officials of the Western Air Express in regard to the
deeding of the present Western Air Express field to the City of Las Vegas to assist said City
in obtaining Funds from the Federal Government.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commis-
sioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the Air Port Committee composed of Commissioners
Corradetti and Ronnow be empowered to spend a sum of money not to exceed $250.00 for survey, plans
and blue prints of the Western Air Express airport. Same to be prepared ready for presentation to
the Federal Government to assist in securing W.P.A. aid on the improvement of said field if same
should become the property of the City.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The business being completed for which said meeting was called on motion of Commissioner
Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that said meeting adjourn.

Mr. Claude Mackey of the local W.P.A. office appeared before the Board and presented the
proper forms for making application for a City Beautification Project from the w.P.A.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk sign application form for a City Beautification Project Under W.P.A.
Project. Said application to be made on eight separate form and each signed by the Mayor and Clerk.
Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the this meeting recessed until
Monday the 16th day of September, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

There upon said meeting recessed until Monday the 16th day of September, 1940 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.