At this time the Board discussed the matter of the City's contract for gasoline for
the year, and after some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded
by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the Mayor enter into contracts with
any and all oil companies who would supply the City with gasoline at 14¢ for their portion
of the requirements for the city, for one year from October 1st, 1935 to October 1st, 1936.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, Deputy City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Taylor.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

All monies received for the month of September proportioned as per Ledger on file in the
office of the Clerk

The matter of the City proceeding with the business of municipally owned power plant and
system was next brought before the Board for consideration and upon motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following Proclamation was ordered issued:

WHEREAS, the voters of the City of Las Vegas did, at the last general city election held
on May 7, 1935, direct the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to create or
acquire and maintain a municipally owned electric power plant and system for the sale and
distribution of electric power and energy to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and,

WHEREAS, it is the disposition, desire and intension of the Board of City Commissioners
to carry into effect the wishes of the people as expressed at said election with all conven-
ient and practicable expedition, and,

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners having heretofore appointed and employed Barry Dibble,
an electrical engineer, to make a survey as a preliminary step to that end and the said en-
gineer having completed the said survey and having made to the Board his report of his findings
in writing, which said report is now on file with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas for
public inspection and examination, and which said report of the said engineer has been accepted,
approved and adopted by the Board of City Commissioners, Now Therefore,

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby proclaim and give
public notice:

1.	The City of Las Vegas by its Board of City Commissioners proposes to acquire or con-
struct, whichever may develop to be the more economical, a municipal power distribution system
for the City of Las Vegas, together with incidental equipment necessary and convenient for the
distribution of electrical energy to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas.

2.	hat the value of the present existing plant of Southern Nevada Power Company is re-
ported and established by Barry Dibble, the engineer heretofore employed and appointed by the
Board for that purpose, to be $148,196.85. The purchase price thereof is unknown.

3.	That the cost of building an entirely new distribution plant within the City of Las
Vegas in addition to a pole line and incidental facilities for transmission of power from
Boulder Dam to the City of Las Vegas, is estimated by Barry Dibble, the engineer aforesaid
employed and appointed to estimate the cost of a new system, to be $206,000.00, which estimate
has been adopted by the Board.

4.	It is proposed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to issue

for and on behalf of the City, interest bearing coupon general obligation bonds of the City of
Las Vegas in the sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand ($250,000.00) Dollars, in denominations of
One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars each, bearing interest at the rate of four (4%) per cent per
annum, interest payable semi-annually on July 1st and January 1st of each year.

Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars of such bonds shall mature on January 1, 1938;
Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars shall mature on January 1, 1939, Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00)
shall mature on January 1st, 1940; Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars shall mature on Jan-
uary 1st, 1941; Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars shall mature on January 1, 1942; Thirty
Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars shall mature on January 1, 1943; Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00)

Dollars shall mature on January 1, 1944, and Forty Thousand ($40,000.00) Dollars shall mature
on January 1, 1945. Such bonds shall be redeemable from a fund to be created for that purpose
from the sale of power distributed over such system.

5.	That on the fourth day of November, 1935, at the hour of seven P.M. of the said day,
the Board will meet at the Board Room in the City of Las Vegas, in regular session, at which
time it will read for the first time, propose, consider and vote upon an ordinance relating
to the aforesaid bond issue as above set forth, and on the fourth day of December, 1935,

at the hour of seven P.M. of the said day, the Board will meet in the Board Room in the City
of Las Vegas for the purpose of reading the second time, adopting and passing, and will pass
and adopt an ordinance providing for the bond issue as aforesaid.