BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a special
meeting on the 7th day of September, 1956, having considered the application of J. A.

Gordon and L. D. Stein for a use permit to construct a super service station on the north-
west corner of 16th and Charleston (E39' of Lot 9 and all of Lot 10, Block 3, Amended May-
fair Tract #2) in an C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of J. A. Gordon
and L. D. Stein for use permit to construct a super service station on the northwest
corner of 16th and Charleston be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners -

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk 	9-7-56

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 19, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
19th day of September, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Adm. Assistant	Robert	F.	Boos

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Mr. Herb Jones, representing the American Linen Supply Company appeared before the Commission
to report on the progress being made to abate the nuisance of the conveyor across the alley
at 1001 South 1st Street. Mr. Jones reported that the rails had been taped to cut down
the noise and apparently the neighbors were no longer bothered.

The public hearing on the appeal of E. W. Van Buskirk of the denial of his application for
variance to vary the front yard requirements in certain lots in Blocks 26, 27 and 28,
Charleston Heights #4 having been continued from September 5, 1956, Mayor Baker announced
that Mr. Van Buskirk's attorney had requested that this matter be continued until the
middle of October.

Commissioner Bunker moved this public hearing be continued until October 17, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of E. O. Underhill for the rezoning of the W½
of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 20, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1. This application
was approved by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voice.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application to rezone the W½ of the SE¼ of the
SW¼ of Section 20, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the application of James Cashman to rezone property on West
Bonanza Road, west of the Moulin Rouge Hotel, recommended for approval by the Planning
Commission from R-E and C-2 to C-2.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the property on West Bonanza Road beginning
at the SE corner of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, thence N50' thence W1300'
to the SE corner of the tract, thence N670', thence W325', thence S670', thence E325' to
the point of beginning at the SE corner of the tract be rezoned from R-E and C-2 to C-2.

AMERICAN LINEN
Conveyor Across
Alley

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance Appeal

V-ll-56

E. W. Van Buskirk

REZONING -Z-23-56
E. O. Underhill