OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 6th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 6th day of September 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Hansell together with the City Clerk,
and Attorney Henderson acting for City Attorney Stevens.

Absent Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and City Attorney Stevens.

"An Ordinance creating the office of City Engineer providing for the appointment of
such officer, defining his powers and duties as such officer and fixing his compensation,
and other matters relating thereto," was read to the Board for a second time and passed by
the following vote: Commissioners German, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes none.

Was was ordered published for a period of one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas
Age a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, and upon its
complete publication to be in full force and effect.

"An ordinance amending Section X of Ordinance No. 137 entitled "An Ordinance creating
the office of City Electrical Inspector, and prescribing his duties, creating and estab-
lishing the Bureau, providing for the issuance of permits for installing electrical con-
struction and fixing the fees therefore; regulating the installation of electrical constru-
ction, maintenance, and repair of electrical wiring, apparatus, or equipment for light
heat, or power, within, upon, or attached to buildings, structures, lots or premises, within
the City of Las Vegas and providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance," was read
to the Board for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners German, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Same was ordered published in the las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a perion of one week, (three issues) same to be
in full force and effect after this complete publication.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 11th day of September, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 11th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 11th day of September 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present O.J. Smith Mayor pro tem, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse.

Balance of bills for the month of August allowed as per claims and warrant register
on file in the office of the City Clerk.

The members of the Board then entered into a discussion of the purposed ordinances
to be brought before the Board at some future date.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
the Commissioner German be granted a sixty day leaf of absence. Vote on said motion was as
follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell, and Mayor Pro tem Smith voting Aye.

Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 18th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.