REZONING Z-28-59	The Commission considered, the application of Charleston Plaza, Inc. for the

Charleston Plaza,	reclassification of property described as all of Charleston Village Tract 1,

Inc.	save and except the portion marked "School Site," and that certain unnumbered

lot or parcel lying westerly of the west line of Spencer Street and northerly
Approved	of the north line of Peyton Drive from R-1 to C-1.

Director of Planning Bills explained that this was the area proposed for the
Charleston Plaza Regional Shopping Center and the same area on which the
Planning Commission recently recommended approval of the vacation of the 
existing dedicated streets for which public hearing was set by the City Commission
for 7:30 P.M., December 2, 1959. Approval was recommended by the Planning
Commission, subject to the stipulation that the development of the proposed
shopping center be in accordance with the plot plan as submitted. Three
property owners on adjacent Franklin Avenue appeared at the Planning Commission
hearing and registered protests which were officially withdrawn after the
general plan for the area was explained in detail.

Commissioner Fountain asked the Deputy City Attorney if it was proper to
approve this rezoning prior to the vacation hearing, and Mr. Whitmore stated he
believed it was.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Charleston Plaza, Inc. for the
reclassification of property described as all of Charleston Village Tract 1,
save and except the portion marked "School Site" and that certain un-numbered
lot lying westerly of the west line of Spencer Street and northerly of the
north line of Peyton Drive from R-1 to C-1, be approved as recommended by the
Planning Commission, subject to the stipulation that the development of the
proposed shopping center be in accordance with the plot plan as submitted and
the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING Z-30-59	The Commission considered the application of Merv Adelson for the reclassification

Merv Adelson	of property legally described as the N½, SW¼, SW¼, Section 2, T21S, R61E, which

includes Block 1, Fremont Addition to the City of Las Vegas, from R-1 to R-3.

Denied

Director of Planning Bills stated there was considerable evidence presented
at the Planning Commission hearing, indicating that Mr. Adelson was not the
legal owner of the property at this time; the apparent legal owner, Dr. Levon
Kassabian, of Los Angeles, was included among the objectors of record. Denial
was recommended by the Planning Commission, regardless of the ownership of the
property, on the grounds that it was completely out of harmony with the land use
section of the proposed Master Plan. There were 15 protestants of record at
the Planning Commission hearing and 2 persons in favor.

Mr. Bills advised that he had received a phone call from Mr. Adelson that
afternoon, requesting him to present an apology to the Commission for his
misunderstanding in making this application at a time when this property was
in escrow and that he had no further interest in having it rezoned. (At this
point a gentleman presented a petition in protest, consisting of 225 signatures,
to be filed as part of the record.)

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Merv Adelson for the reclassification
of property legally described as the N½, SW¼, SW¼, Section 2, T21S, R61E, which
includes Block 1, Fremont Addition, from R-1 to R-3 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING Z-31-59	The Commission considered the application of William Bailey and the Woods

W. Bailey & Woods	Construction Company for the reclassification of property legally described

Construction Co.	as the west 330' of the S½, NW¼, SW¼, NE¼, Section 28, T20S, R61E, generally

described as being bounded by Madison Avenue, "N" Street, Jefferson Avenue and
Denied	Highland Drive, from RE to R-1.

Denial was recommended by the Planning Commission on the basis that this zoning
would violate the provisions of a policy and plan approved by the Planning
Commission and the Board of City Commissioners, which stipulated that property
lying between "N" Street and Highland Drive would remain zoned RE. A protest
was presented at the Planning Commission hearing on behalf of the Bonanza
Village Home Owners' Association.

William Bailey addressed the Commission, stating that he was not in town when
this item was brought before the Planning Commission, and asked that this
application be referred back to that Board for reconsideration and to hear his
arguments in favor of this proposed rezoning; namely, the replacing of displaced
persons as a result of the freeway program and the feasibility of such zoning
adjacent to the Urban Renewal Area.

Commissioner Elwell moved this application be referred back to the Planning
Commission.

Mayor Gragson asked if there was anyone present who wished to be heard in protest
to this rezoning and Mrs. Longo stated this was a well-established plan and
people had bought property in this area and had been assured by the Planning
Department it would remain RE.

Commissioner Sharp stated the City Commission, Planning Commission and owners
in that area had an agreement, as outlined by Mr. Bills, which was consistent
with the Master Plan, and he believed this application should be denied and if
Mr. Bailey wished, he had ten days to file an appeal and the Commission would
be required by law to hold a public hearing. His Honor Mayor Gragson stated he
would at this time recommend denial.

11-18-59