At the direction of the Finance Commissioner Mr. Arnett the following sums were transferred
 from the General Fund to the following funds:

$1,500.00	P and F Fund

1,500.00	Street Fund

500.00	Library Expense	Fund

200.00	W.S. & L. Fund

323.91	Bend Interest Fund.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
until Wednesday the 5th day of September, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 5th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 5th day of September 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett and Marble,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Down.

Commissioner Marble was appointed by the Mayor to approve the remaining claims of the
Police and Fire Dept. and the Water Sewer and Light Dept. owing to the absent of the Com-
missioners of those departments.

The business of transferring liquor licenses from one location to another was brought
before the Board at that time, and on motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner
Marble the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolve that in accordance with the powers given the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas under and by virtue of Ordinance No. 203 of said City, any and all permits
granted and licenses issued may on request of the holder be modified so as to permit a change in
the place of business where such business is to be conducted, provided that before making any
change in the location the holder of any license granted under Ordinance No. 203 shall made
application to the Board of City Commissioners praying for privilege of changing the location
of the said business.

Vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the license granted to M. Rose for 121 South Main Street in the City of Las Vegas
be transferred to 106 Fremont St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the following licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money on
file with the Clerk to cover the same.

To J.H. Morgan, Sebastain Mikulich, and W.H. Ross 5½% beverage licenses.

To Jack Weisberger 1 slot machine license.

To J.H. Morgan 2 four card draw poker games for 104 No. 1st St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An Ordnance entitled, "An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection of a
license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and
running of the same, within the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation of any of
the provisions of this ordinance and repealing Ordinance No. 100 and all ordinances or parts
of ordinances in conflict herewith,"" was read for a second time and passed by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

This to be known as ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be effective
October 1st, 1934.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 7th day of September, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.