An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Sections 1,3,6, and 9 of Ordinance No. 161
of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend said Ordinance by adding a new section to be knows as
Section 22a, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read to the	Board for a second	time and passed	by the	following vote;	Commissioners	Mundy

and German,	and His Honor the	Mayor E.W.Cragin	voting	Aye.	Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 174, and to be in full force and effect from
and after its final and complete publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper printed and	published in the	City of	Las	Vegas.

Mr. C.	D. Baker appeared	before the Board	with a	plat	of Church Addition	to	the	City of

Las Vegas. Said plat had been approved by the City Planning Commission.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Plat of Church Addition be approved by the Mayor, and Attest by the City Clerk under the seal
of the City.

A letter from the Central Labor Council asking for the use of the Court House Grounds
for the Labor Day Celebration was presented to the Board. The Clerk was directed to write the
 Labor Council and inform them that the permission was granted.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolu-
tion and Preambles were duly adopted:

Whereas, it has been reported to this Board that the building heretofore erected by
Alonzo C. Delkin on lots four and five in Block No. H of Buck's Subdivision in the City of
Las VEgas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and now being thereon, said building fronting on
Fremont Street, has also been built in, over and upon nine in width feet of the alley ad-
joining said Lots four and five aforesaid on the east and constitutes and obstruction to said
alley, and

Whereas, John F. Fagan, of Las Vegas, Nevada has agreed to convey to the City of Las

Las Vegas, a strip of ground ten feet in width and the depth of lot 4 in Block H of said
Buck's subdivision, side of said alley, for the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars, and

Whereas, it appears reasonable to this Board that the said Alonzo A. Delkin should either
remove said building off of said portion of said alley or pay on behalf of this City the said
purchase price of said strip of land from said John F. Fagan, and

Whereas this Board is advised that by the purchase of said ten feet in width of ground
for the depth aforesaid from John F. Fagan an alley can, be maintained which will connect with
the remainder of the alley running through said Block

Now Therefore Be It Resolved, That notice be served upon said Alonzo C. Delkin to forewith 

remove said building off said portion of said alley, or purchase on behalf of and in the
name of the City of Las Vegas, as grantee, said strip of ground from John F. Fagan; That a
copy of this Resolution, certified by the City Clerk or the Deputy City Clerk be served upon
said Alonzo A. Delkin by the City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas, and report be made back
to this Board at an early date as to the action taken, if any, by said Alonzo A. Delkin with
respect to the matters embraced in this Resolution; that the service of said copy of this
Resolution shall be deemed to be service of the notice herein required.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the
Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday August 20th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 20th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of August 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present, W.C.German Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners
Mundy and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and Deputy City Clerk Mary Taylor.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Thomas and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Commissioner Mundy reported that the new street sweeper was in operation and doing splendidly.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 159 of the City of Las Vegas
by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 12a, and repealing all ordinances, and
parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a second time and passed by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell, and Mayor Pro Tem German voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 175 of the City of Las Vegas. The Clerk was
directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week, (six issues) and said Ordinance
to be in full force and effect from and after its complete publication.

Several changes were ask for in Ordinance No. 174 by the Master Electricians.

No action was taken on the matter awaiting the return of the Mayor and City Clerk both
absent from the City at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 28th day of August at the hour of three o'clock P.M.