Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

OFF-SITE IMPROVEMENT 	The Director of Public Works requested the cancellation of agreements and release
AGREEMENTS	of bonds required in connection with use permits granted prior to the formation of

Cancellation & Release 	Assessment District No. 100-35. Mr. Sauer stated that all the terms of these
of Bonds 	agreements will be met by the improvements to be constructed in the assessment

district, and recommended release of the following bonds:

1.	George, Ed and Jake Von Tobel - Use Permit U-18-56 and U-19-56

2.	George L. & Gloria B. Abrums - Use Permit U-27-56 and U-28-56

3.	Dr. D.N. Leavitt - Use Permit U-3-56

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the above listed
agreements be cancelled and the bonds released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

OFF-SITE IMPROVEMENT	Mr. Sauer reported that the conditions of the agreement of William M. and Mary E.

AGREEMENT	Rudolph for the construction of a parking lot on the alley between 15th and Bruce,

	north of Fremont have been completed, and recommended release of the bond required

in connection with Variance V-12-56.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bond of William M. and Mary E. Rudolph filed in
connection with Variance V-12-56 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUNSET MANOR NO. 2	The Director of Public Works presented the request of Pioneer Builders for a 6

Extension of Time	months extension of time for the installation of off-site improvements in Sunset

Manor No. 2. Mr. Sauer advised the Commission that this is the second request for
extension of time, and the subdivision has not shown progress for the last year
and one-half. He stated that the only work accomplished has been to excavate the
streets and fill and compact the lots. Mr. Sauer recommended that the subdivider
be notified to commence construction on off-site improvements in this subdivision
no later than July 1, 1958.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Pioneer Builders for extension of time
be denied and they be notified to commence work on or before July 1, 1958 and if
not, then the Bonding Company be notified to complete the improvements in 
accordance with the bond and agreement on Sunset Manor No. 2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REHABILITATION FARM	Mr. Sauer reported that the one-year guarantee period on the Rehabilitation Farm

Release of Bond	has been completed and recommended that the bond be released.



Commissioner Whipple moved the bond of Paul Smitley on the Rehabilitation Farm be
released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

INDUSTRIAL FIRE	The Director of Public Works advised the Commission that the one-year guarantee

STATION	period on the construction of the Industrial Fire Station has been completed, and

Bond Released	recommended the release of the bond.

Commissioner Fountain moved the performance bond of J.A. Tiberti Construction Co.
on the Industrial Fire Station be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT - (U-2-58)	The Commission considered the application of Ernest and Floriene Atchley for a

Ernest & Floriene	use permit to operate a day nursery at 515 Shadow Lane, approved by the Board of

Atchley	Zoning Adjustment on February 27, 1958.

Mr. Sauer advised the Commission that the applicants have installed a sewer 
connection from their residence on Kenyon Place to terminate to the Shadow Lane
trunk. He stated that under the existing circumstances the Engineering Department 
does not require additional improvement to be installed at this time, and
recommended approval of the use permit.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for use permit be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 7th day of May, 1958 having considered the 
application of Ernest and Floriene Atchley for use permit to operate a day nursery at
515 Shadow Lane; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ernest
and Floriene Atchley for use permit to operate a day nursery be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

5-7-58