The following resolution was presented by Commissioner Hodgens and seconded by Com. Brickie:

Number 3.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, W.C. German, is unlawfully exercising the duties and functions of the
office of Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and
WHEREAS, Frank Brickie has been duly elected as Mayor Pro Tem to exercise the
duties and functions of the offices aforesaid;

THEREFORE, BE IS RESOLVED, that demand be, and the same is hereby made upon
said W.C. German, that he refrain and desist from hereafter exercising, or
attempting to exercise, the duties and functions of said offices, or either
of them, and interfering in any manner with the exercise thereof by
Frank Brickie, Mayor pro tem aforesaid.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be served upon said
W.C. German personally.

Dated this 4th day of January, 1922.

(signed) Frank Brickie

Thomas R. Hodgens
H.N. Anderson,

City Commissioners of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon, Mayor German declared this resolution out of order and same was not pat to vote.

At this time the following resolution was duly passed upon motion of Com. Brickie
seconded by Com. Hodgens:

RESOLVED

That until the further order of this Board all licenses and fees paid to the City
of Las Vegas shall be distributed as follows: 62 1/2% thereof to the Police & Fire Fund and
the remaining 37 1/2% thereof to the General Fund, and it is further ordered that the Clerk be,
and she is hereby instructed to notify the City Treasurer of this order. Voting Com. Hodgens,
Brickie, H.N. Anderson, and Martin and his Honor the Mayor aye. Noes None.

At this time Com. Hodgens presented Resolution No. 3, as above written and which was
seconded by Com. Anderson.	Thereupon Mayor W.C. German declared this resolution out of

order and the same was not put to vote.

At this time it was upon motion of Com. Brickie and seconded by Com. Hodgens that the
City printing be turned over to the Las Vegas Age. Voting Com. Hodgens, Brickie, Anderson aye,

Com. Martin, No, and Mayor German not voting.

Thereupon, Com. Hodgens again presented The above referred resolution No. 3, seconded

by Com. Brickie Thereupon Mayor German declared this resolution oat of order and

the same was not put to a vote.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time a new ordinance to be known as
Ordinance No. 87, amending Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 83 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An
Ordinance to amend Ordinance No 36 of the City of Las Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance Provid-
ing for the Issuance of Plumbing and Sewer Permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and Sewer
Connections and for the regulation and Construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas'
by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section la, and by amending Section eight and Subdivision 

eighth of Section eleven thereof". Said ordinance was passed to the second reading.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was Moved
by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by commissioner -Brickie and duly carried that this Board stand
adjourned until Wednesday, February 1, 1922, at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. Voting Commission-
ers Hodgens, Brickie, Anderson, Martin and His Honor the Mayor Wm. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.