LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
September 16, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of September,

1942. Meeting called to order by his Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour of 7:30
P.M., with the following members present:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch.

LeRoy Whipple, Purchasing Agent and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Absent: City Attorney, Paul Ralli, Auditor, A. W. Blackman and Commissioner Clark.

Minutes of the previous meetings of September 4th and 8th were read and approved as read.

Bids for a transformer ware opened at this time.

General Electric Corporation being the only company submitting a bid which was in the sum

of $138.14 and required an AIK priority rating.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that A. L. Drew be authorized to purchase a certain transformer
if it can be obtained for the same price heretofore submitted to the Board. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Rubidoux made a report regarding the bid of the Western Air Express for lease of the
lobby and cafe at the Airport Administration Building.

At the hour of 8:00 P.M., the city attorney appeared at the meeting.

Commissioner Rubidoux recommended that the bid of the WAE be accepted.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of Commissioner Rubidoux be accepted
subject to the approval of the lease by the Board of City Commissioners and the city
attorney. Motion seconded, by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter of resignation from Mr. R.S. Norton as building inspector was read. Commissioner
Smith moved that the resignation of R. S. Norton be accepted and that the recommendations
he submitted be referred to the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux,
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

At the hour of 8:20 P.M. the city auditor arrived.

Commissioner Smith made a report on the investigation of the police department.

Commissioner Tinch moved that each Commissioner be given the privilege to grant leaves of
absence to the employees under their jurisdiction. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith recommended that the police commissioner carry on as in the past until
some concrete plan is adopted.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city proceed to investigate the feasibility and legal 
requirements in relation to closing 75' of the alley back of the fire station. That said
matter be referred to the city engineer and city attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the men working as school guards be paid 80¢ an hour.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the police department be authorized to pay Mr. Nevins a
reasonable rental for the use of his motorcycle tire during this emergency. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city proceed, as quickly as possible, to meet all requirements
of the fire underwriters report covered by the "asteriks" and be followed up by general 

recommendations in a progressive manner as the city is financially able to do so and that 

the city attorney proceed to draft an ordinance to meet said requirements as recommended by 

Mr. Abbott said ordinance to include the 1940 building code. Motion seconded by Commissioner 

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for an electric floor polisher and wax. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Chas. Johnson be placed on the police payroll in a temporary
position as an officer. His application being on file and in proper form. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a carton of 48 light tubes for the west wing of the building
be purchased. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that 500 arms, used for street markers,be painted as required

at the same unit price as those now in use. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that condemnation proceedings be instituted against Thelma
Gartside for additional land and 12' of the building on Fremont Street necessary for the
widening of Fremont Street. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.