payments have not been received at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request for final payment to M. W. S. Equipment
Company for the Lot Clean Up Program in the total amount of $819.50 be approved,
and the warrant authorized to be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. Uehling further reported that a written request has been received from
Opaco Lumber Company to clean up their property in the vicinity of East Charles-
ton Boulevard and Noble Lane, at a cost of approximately $675.00. He also advised
that verbal approval has been secured from Andrew Lowell for clean up of his
property in this same area, at an estimated cost of $550.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to proceed with the
clean up of the property owned by Opaco Lumber Company on East Charleston
Boulevard and Noble Lane at an approximate cost of $675.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Works Engineer Uehling requested release of the performance bonds filed in
connection with supply contracts with the City for the fiscal year of July 1,

1956 through June 30, 1957, said bonds filed by the following firms:

Las Vegas Auto Parts	Batteries	Bid	No.	56.33

Union Oil Company	Lubricants	Bid	No.	56.10

Texas Company	Gasoline	Bid	No.	56.28

Texas Company	Diesel & Fuel Oil	Bid	No.	56.29

Superior Tire, Inc.	Tires & Tubes	Bid	No.	56.34

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the aforementioned
performance bonds released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the additional information
requested by the City from Phelps Pump & Equipment on Bid No. 57.29, for the
furnishing of Pump Maintenance service, has not been received. Mr. Kennedy
stated that Mr. Phelps had contacted him just prior to this meeting and informed
him that this information would be forthcoming this week. The City Manager
suggested that either the bid award be held until the next regular meeting,
or all bids be rejected.

Commissioner Bunker moved that all proposals received and opened July 3, 1957
on Bid No. 57.29 for the furnishing of Pump Maintenance service be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Works Engineer Uehling presented a quitclaim deed from the Roman Catholic Bishop
of Reno for rights-of-way around the Catholic Church property which is located
on Alta Drive between Shetland Road and Campbell Drive. Mr. Uehling explained
that this deed included the extension of Campbell Drive, the 40 foot widening
of Alta Drive, and the dedication of two unnamed streets abutting the Church
property.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7 day of August, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed,
dated the 26 day of July, 1957, executed by

The Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno, a Corporation Sole

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Mary Basta for a forty foot
right-of-way for the south side of East Bonanza Road. Mr. Uehling explained that
this property is located in the recently annexed area east of Noble Lane, and
is the dedication of approximately 330 feet of right-of-way for East Bonanza Road.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and
carried unanimously the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7 day of August, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 17 day of July, 1957, executed by

Mary Basta

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
Street; and

SUPPLY CONTRACTS
1956-57

Release of Bonds

BID NO. 57.29
Pump Maintenance
Contract
Bids Rejected

RESOLUTION
ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Campbell, Alta &
2 Unnamed Streets

RESOLUTION
ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
East Bonanza
Road