OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 16, 1941

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 16th da, of June, 1941 at the hour of 7:45 P.M.

PRESENT: Hon. Howell C. Garrison, Mayor. Commissioners: A. R. Smith, Sr., M. C. Tinch, Pat
Clark and A. P. Rubidoux. City attorney, Paul Ralli. The Clerk and deputy clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read. By request of the Mayor said Minutes were
ordered amended to show that Judge Mahlon Brown was appointed to act as Municipal Judge during
the absence of Judge A. Blad. FURTHER ORDERED that said Minutes be amended to show
that Mr. Whipple presented a bill for a refrigerator for the Golf Club instead of an
estimate. Thereafter, the Minutes were approved as amended.

Mr. James Clark, a representative of the State Highway Department, appeared before the
Board at this time and requested the use of the	Memorial Building for the purpose

of taking applications for drivers licenses. Mr. Clark and Mr. Rubidoux were appointed
as a committee to investigate as to whether the building would be available and to make a
report to Mr. Clark.

Upon motion of Mr. Clark seconded by Mr. Smith it was moved and carried that warrants
Nos. 530 to 534 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Voter Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none. Motion carried.

Dr. Woodbury, Chairman of the Golf Board, appeared before the Board at this time and
made a report on the Golf Club Association. Thereafter, the Mayor requested Dr. Woodbury
to submit an estimate of what they might need for the rest of this year.

At the request of Mr. Smith, Mr. Blackman, City Auditor, made a report regarding
the budget for 1941 and suggested that copies of said budget be made for the use of the
different commissioners and for the city attorney.

Mr. Clark made a motion that Mr. Blackman make fifteen copies of the 1941 budget
at a cost not to exceed $26.00. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Voter Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion
carried.

A Petition signed by several operators of Wedding Chapels petitioning the Board for
a reduction of license was presented to the Board at this time. Mrs. Addie Bullette
one of the signers appeared and presented argument in support of said petition. Thereafter,
the matter was referred to the city attorney.

A Petition signed by several beauty parlor operators requesting a reduction in
license fee was presented to the Board. Mr. Clark moved that the matter be referred to the city
attorney. Seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A Petition signed by a group of tax payers from the Meadows Addition regarding the
water situation in said Addition was presented to the Board at this time. Mrs. Gilbreath,
one of the signers, appeared before the Board in regard to the matter. Thereafter, the
matter was referred to Mr. Clark, Water commissioner, city attorney and city engineer.

Mr. Ralli stated that he would make a report on the Milk Ordinance at the next
meeting, and stated that there was a vacancy on the Milk Inspection Board. Thereafter, Mr.
Smith moved that Mr. Clark be appointed as Chairman of the Milk Inspection Board. Motion
seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Passed Mr. Clark. Motion carried.

The Clerk read a letter from Cragin & Pike regarding reinstatement of insurance
policy on the Memorial Building. Said letter also containing a check in the sum of $2,661.95
covering damage done in the recent fire at the War Memorial Building.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the Board approve the reinstatement of Insurance
Policy on War Memorial Building to read as before the fire. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark.

Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none. Motion carried. The clerk instructed to write to Messrs. Cragin and Pike
advising them of the approval of the Board.

Mr. Clark moved that the city hire A. L. Worswick, local architect, to lay out
plans for remodeling the War Memorial Building to be used as a city hall and that said
architect meet with the commissioners and His Honor on the 29th day of June, 1941 at
10:00 A.M., at the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners,
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none, motion carried.

The Clerk presented a lease between the City of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Gas Company
and a check in the sum of $15.00 covering the period from June 10, 1941 to July 10th, 1941.

Mr. Clark moved that the Mayor and the Clerk be empowered to execute said lease. Motion
seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.



The Clerk at this time read the proposed building contract agreement made by and between the
General Construction Company and the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Clark moved that the Mayor and the
Clerk be empowered to execute the same. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners,
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, nones. Motion
carried.

At this time, Mr. Ralli, City attorney made the following report on matters heretofore
referred to him.