Commissioner Whipple moved the service and material warrants Nos. 2036 to 2189 inclu-
sive and 2209, in the total amount of $86,093.97 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the U. S. Census Bureau payroll warrant Nos. 1523 to 1399
in the net amount of $3,285.51, and service warrant Nos. 2192 to 2208 in the total amount
of $104.27 a combined total of $3,389.78 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the release of the bonds on Twin Lakes Village Unit No. 1 Addition
and Unit No. 2. City Engineer George E. Wade recommended the acceptance and release
of these bonds.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the bonds on Twin Lakes Village Unit No. 1
Addition and Unit No. 2 be released subject to approval and inspection of the Public
Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett, no
vote.

Mr. George E. Wade, City Engineer, presented the request of the Aqua Motel at 1401 South
5th Street, for permission to have a 40 foot driveway. Mr. Wade explained that this
had been checked with the State Highway Commission. He further stated that there is an
existing ordinance requiring a 32 foot driveway, and therefore he recommended that this
request be denied.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer be
accepted and that this request of the Aqua Motel for a driveway permit be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the award of Bid No. 33.01 on the water system at the Wood-
lawn Cemetery, Mr. George E. Wade stated that the Phelps Pump and Equipment Company
were the lowest bidders in the total amount of $16,168.59, and recommended acceptance
of their bid. He stated that this bid was for the complete job. Mr. Rounthwaite
stated that $16,000.00 has been set aside in the budget for this project.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bid of Phelps Pump and Equipment Company in the
total amount of $16,168.39 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request to construct two model homes in parcels
1 & 2 of Twin Lakes Estates. Mr. George E. Wade stated that this had been checked
through the Building Department. He had received no final report but it appeared to
be in order.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted
and that the request to construct two model homes in parcels 1 and 2 of Twin Lakes
Estates be approved for display purposes only.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett, no
vote.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of two right of way easements from
the Union Pacific Railroad; one for an easement on Hastings south to Charleston and
the other for the Ogden crossing, both for sewers.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City accept the easement on Hastings south to Char-
leston for right of way, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same, and the
following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement between the
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY and its Lessee, UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD
COMPANY, corporations of the State of Utah, covering the installation of a 10" vitri-
fied clay sewer pipe line across and under a certain strip of land of the Railroad
Company in Las Vegas, Nevada,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That the form of agreement between the City

of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad
Company, corporations of the State of Utah, covering a license for the installa-
tion of a 10" vitrified clay sewer pipe line across and under a certain strip of land
of the Railroad Company in Las Vegas, Nevada, be, and the same is hereby approved,
and the Mayor and Clerk of said City are authorized and directed to execute said
agreement for and on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City accept the easement for right of way on the Ogden
crossing, the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same, and the following resolution ad-
opted:

4-20-33

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

CENSUS WARRANTS

TWIN LAKES VILLAGE
Unit Nos. 1 & 2
Release of Bonds

DRIVEWAY PERMIT

Aqua Motel

AWARD OF BID NO. 55.01
Woodlawn Cemetery

TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Construct Model Homes

R/W EASEMENTS
U.P.R.R.

Hastings & Ogden