3. Any person who after the first day of October, 1911, shall own, keep, entertain,
or harbor any untaxed dog, or who shall own or keep or occupy the premises whereon or wherein
any untaxed dog shall be maintained or kept, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined
in any sum not exceeding the sum of

4. On and after the first day of October, 1911, it shall be the duty of the police or
 the member of the police force of Las Vegas to shoot, kill, or otherwise destroy any canine
which may be owned, kept, harbored or maintained in Las Vegas, Nevada, and upon which the
license and tax for the current year has not been paid or which does not wear a collar and
tag advertising such fact; and for each and every animal so killed or destroyed by any such
police official, he shall be paid by said City of Las Vegas, the fee of One Dollar in addition

to any salary he may at the time of such killing or destruction he may be receiving, and
which fee shall cover all expenses of carrying away and disposing of the remains of any such
canine or dog.

Upon motion of McGovern, seconded by Coughlin, unanimously voted by the entire Board
that this ordinance be adopted as read. Coughlin, aye; Von Tobel, aye; McGovern, aye;
Stewart, aye; His Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the 6th. day of September, 1911.

 ORDINANCE NO. 13

ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 1 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
BEING AN ORDINANCE ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE FIXING THE LICENSES ON DIVERS BUSINESSES AND OCCUPA-
TIONS PURSUED IN LAS VEGAS."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

That Section 2, of Ordinance No. 1 of said City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby
amended by adding thereto the following, viz:

For each dealer in coal oil, gasoline or other derivative or by-product of petroleum,
$3.25 per quarter.

For each pawn shop, $5.00 per quarter.

For each employment agency, $7.50 per quarter.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, it was unanimously voted by the entire Board
that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the Vote being cast as follows: Coughlin, aye,

Von Tobel, aye; McGovern, aye; Stewart, aye; his Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the sixth day of September, 1911,