sented and approved upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Com-
missioners Hodgens, Arnold Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Com-
missioner Gorton, that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the Board:

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, held on the 16th day of August, 1922, an order
was made, upon motion duly made and unanimously carried, appointing
Frank Brickie as agent of the City of Las Vegas in looking after
the expenditure of funds appropriated for the improvement of the
City and county Fair Grounds, and

WHEREAS, subsequent to this appointment the said Frank Brickie
assumed charge of the funds appropriated by the City of Las
Vegas, amounting to Two Thousand Dollars, and directed the dis-
bursement of the said Two Thousand Dollars in the improvement of
the said City and County Fair Grounds, BE IT THEREFORE
RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby expressed its appreciation of the good
work done by Frank Brickie, and commends him for the wisdom
displayed in the disbursement of the funds placed in his hands,
and for the excellent results secured with the aid of the
County Agent W.H. Pike, and E.G .McGriff, representative of the
Agricultural Board, and be it farther

RESOLVED, that the clerk be and she is hereby directed to trans-
mit to Frank Brickie a certified copy of this Resolution.

Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was ordered, on motion of Mayor pro tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that
a notice be placed in the newspapers requesting parents to keep their children off the
sidewalks of the main streets of the city when playing with roller skates, velocipedes,
wagons, racers, and similar vehicles, as it is against the law for such vehicles to be used
on the sidewalks of the city. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, October 18th, 1922, at the hour of three o'clock
p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE 8F THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEV.

October 18, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ,
held on the 18th day of April, A.D. 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner
Mayor Pro Tem, with members Thos. R. Hodgens, and W.E.Arnold, together with the City Attorney
and City Clerk, member R.W. Gorton being absent.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commissioner

Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the vote, being as follows; Commissioners Hodgens
and Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with, the clerk of this Board.

Thereupon the following Resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes upon motion
of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold:

WHEREAS, at a meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the

16th day of August, 1922, a reduction of the tax rate for the year
1922 for the City of Las Vegas was authorized to be made from the
rate of $.90 theretofore fixed by the Board, to $.56, and

WHEREAS, the order making such reduction does not set fully the basis
upon which such action was had,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that this Board at said meeting of August

16th, 1922, did find and determine as a basis of such action that the