The Commission considered the application of Martin Kutzen for variance to construct
a carport to extend from the house to the rear property line at 3317 West Charleston
Blvd, in an R-1 zone. Mr. Bills advised the Board that the Board of Adjustment
recommended that this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance to construct a carport at
3317 West Charleston Blvd. (Lot 13, Block 1, Westleigh #1) be approved and the
following resolution adopted;

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held April 17, 1957, having considered the application of Martin
Kutzen for variance to construct a carport to extend from the house to the rear
property line at 3317 West Charleston Blvd. (Lot 13, Block 1, Westleigh #1) in an
R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Martin
Kutzen for variance to construct a carport at 3317 West Charleston Blvd, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of R. R. Russell for variance to construct three dental offices
on the southwest corner of West Charleston and Westwood Drive (Lot 1, Block 1,
Westwood Park #1), in an R-1 zone, was considered at this time. The recommendation
of the Board of Adjustment was that this application be denied.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be continued for further
study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bills presented the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission on
one-hour parking restrictions on the northside of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets.
Mr. Bills stated this recommendation was made by the Traffic and Parking Commission
on February 7, 1957, and on February 20th the City Commission referred the matter
back with a request that a petition by a majority of property owners be secured.

The Commission was advised by Mr. Bills that a petition had been secured and filed
with the Clerk, signed by Marc Wilkinson and W. E. Bernard.

Discussion was then held on whether or not the same one-hour parking restriction
should not be imposed on the southside of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be held in abeyance until
the property owners on the southside of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets can be
contacted concerning this one-hour parking restriction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking
Commission that the alley at the rear of the 5th Street Branch of the First
National Bank be designated as "one-way" going north from Gass Avenue to Garces
Avenue. Mr. Bills stated that it was the further recommendation that a sign be
installed coming from the bank teller window saying "Right Turn Only".

Commissioner Sharp stated that this being in the best public interest, he moved
the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission be accepted and the alley
at the rear of the 3th Street Branch of the First National Bank be designated as
"one-way" going north from Gass Avenue to Garces Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye, noes, none. Commissioner
Whipple passed his vote.

Mr. Bills presented the proposed amendment to the Vehicle and Traffic Code, the
same being Chapter 36, Sections 41, 36 and 139 of the Las Vegas City Code, as
recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple were appointed to study this proposed amend-
ment and report back to the Commission.

Consideration was given to the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking
Commission that "No Parking" restrictions be imposed on the south side of East
St Louis Avenue between Santa Rita Drive and Beverly Drive. Mr. Bills advised
the Commission that this was a half-street, and that a petition signed by four of
the six property owners in the area had been received requesting this restriction.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission
be accepted and that "No Parking" restrictions on the south side of East St. Louis
Avenue between Santa Rita Drive and Beverly Drive be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Galen Barrow for a Package Liquor
and Beer Bar license at Galen's Liquors, 1216 South Main Street, formerly
issued to E. C. Hummer be approved; further that the Supervisor of License and
Revenue be authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE - V-l-57
Martin Kutzen

VARIANCE - V-2-57
R. R. Russell



ONE-HOUR PARKING
Ogden between 7th
& 8th

ONE-WAY ALLEY
First Nat'l Bank

VEHICLE & TRAFFIC
CODE

Proposed Amendment
Referred to Committee

"NO PARKING"
RESTRICTIONS
East St. Louis

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner