OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Answering roll call were Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Down, German and Marble, City
attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

The Board at once entered into a discussion on the matter of submitting the question of
municipal ownership to the electors at the coming General City Election as was passed at the
recessed regular meeting held on Monday the 1st day of April, 1935, and after some discussion on
the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble, that the action of
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in the adoption of a resolution on the
first day of April 1935, at a recessed regular meeting submitting to the electors of said City
the question of whether or not they were in favor of the creation or acquiring of a municipally
owned power plant for the distribution of electric power to the inhabitants of said City is
hereby approved;

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the purchasing of a fire truck and at
the direction of the Mayor the Clerk opened the bids, of the Mack Motor Corporation, The American
LaFrance Corporation, and the Seagreaves Corporation.

H. Case, Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Dept. and being present was ask to make recommend-
ation to the Board as to the truck he thought the best and must suitable for use in the City of
Las Vegas. His recommendation was the Seagreaves Fire Truck.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that
the Board act on the recommendation of W.C. German, Police and Fire Commissioner in the selection
of the fire truck purchase.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Down Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the City purchase a Seagraves fire truck. Recommendation for purchase of said truck being made to
the Board by W.C. German, Police and Fire Commissioner and that the price be $6,500.00 less 5% foo
cash on delivery. Delivery to be in sixty days. The Mayor and City Clerk to be directed to enter
into said contract with Seagraves Corporation.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Down, German and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The purchase of new fire hose was also considered at this time and on motion of Commissioner
German seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the City call for bids on the
purchase of one thousand feet of fire hose and that Fire Chief Case prepare the specifications,
and that such bids be opened on May the 4th, 1935.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Down, German and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that W.B. Ross, Pete Peccole and The La Tavern be granted tavern licenses. Applications being in
proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Down, German and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

 On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that Wm. Pansy be granted to beverage license for 120½ North First Street for the Paris Inn Beer
Gardens. Application being in form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that
the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same:

J.W. Woodard	1 slot machine

P.O.	Salvagini	6	"	"

J.M.	Sills	2	"	"

Pepe	Peccole	1	"	"

J.R.	McMichael	1	"				      "

Drake & Argyle	 2 "      "

W.E.	Ferron	2	"	"

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a Tango license be issued to the Rainbow Tango Parlor at 17 Fremont St. Application being
in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett Marble German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.