Prepared and issued by Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada.

AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that the sale of said Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00)
of bonds shall be at private sale, as is provided in the above mentioned and entitled act, it
appearing to the Board that it is for the best interests of the said City of Las Vegas that
the sale of said Bonds be at private sale, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: that the City Clerk be and he is hereby directed to give



 notice of said proposed sale of Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00) of bonds to the First State
Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc., Bank of Southern Nevada, Inc., and to the State Board of Fin-
ance of the State of Nevada, at Carson City, Nevada, and ascertain what they will offer for
said bonds.

Said Resolution was passed by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith



and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes, none.

THEREAFTER, It was ordered that the Clerk have the above Bonds printed.

No further business appearing it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that this board adjourn until March 14,1927, at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. MARCH 14, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of March, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. H. El-
well being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The following resolution was introduced and passed over until the next regular
meeting on the 7th of April, 1927, at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M., and the Clerk was directed
to cause to be published a notice of intention to act on said resolution, in a newspaper of
general circulation for at least two publications 1 week apart, as by law provided. The fol-
lowing resolution being introduced by Commissioner W. B. Mundy:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City Budget adopted in the year 1926 to provide funds for the con-
duct of the various departments of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1927 was based upon an

estimated assessed valuation of $2,982,000, and

WHEREAS, the valuation for taxation as finally fixed by the tax officers for the