Notice of Special Meeting.

To O. J. Smith, R. W. Thomas, W. C. German, J. F. Hesse, and L. B. Hansell, Commissioners and
Mayor respectively:

You, and each of you are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by J. F.
Hesse Mayor, that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las
Vegas will be held in the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City of
Las Vegas in the County of Clark State of Nevada on Thursday the 31st day of October 1929 at
the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following business, to-wit:

1. Bill of Clay H. Williams for $115.15 for damages on account of defective
sidewalk space.

2. Matter of extension of time for commencement of work by the Las Vegas Gas Co.
under Ordinance No. 136.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE OF NOTICE.

The undersigned hereby accept notice and service thereof for a special meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of said City, to be held on the 51st day of October 1839 at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. and hereby represent that O.J. Smith, and H. W. Thomas, Commissioners
are on this date absent from the said city and their present whereabouts cannot with reason-
able diligence be ascertained.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor	L. B. Hansell

W. C. German

Commissioners.

The matter of the bill of Clay H. Williams was first brought before the Board.	

After due consideration, and the claim being a just claim, upon the notion of Commissioner
Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the amount of the claim $113.15 was allowed, said
amount to be taken out of the street fund, and a release to be signed by said Clay H. Williams.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Mr. C. L. Straub of the Las Vegas Gas Co. presented to the Board receipted bills
showing that actual work had been started on the laying of gas mains in the City of Las Vegas.

The following was read to the Board.

Las Vegas Nevada,

October 51st 1929.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

This is to certify that I, on behalf of the Las Vegas Gas Co. have this day had a
survey made for gas mains located in block 22 of your city, and have had excavated and several
lengths of gas mains laid in said trench and the trench refilled and have submitted to your
Honorable Body receipted bills for such work, thus showing the formal beginning of the gas main
system in accordance with your Ordinance No. 156.

Respectfully submitted.

Las Vegas Gas Co;

by C. L. Straub.

Chief Engineer.

Las Vegas Nevada,

October 51st 1929.

I hereby certify that the above C. L. Straub personally
appeared before me on this 51st day of October 1889, and swore that the above statement was true.

Viola Burns.

City Clerk, City of Las Vegas.

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the Clerk was
directed to file same.

Vote on said mot on was as follows: Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 6th, 1929.

SPECIAL MEETING Present: Mayor J. F. Hesse and Commissioners Smith,

Hansell. German and Thomas, and City Attorney and

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING.

TO THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, to be held in the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City