573



BID AWARDED Addition & Alterations to  City Hall	Commissioner Jarrett moved the bid of Leslie Elson Co. in the amount of $65,641.00 for addition and alterations to City Hall be held in abeyance  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.
BID AWARDED Caretakers House  Cemetery    	Commissioner Bunker moved the bid for construction of the caretakers house at the Cemetery be awarded to Jack MacDonald in the amount of $12,132.00.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp
REQUEST OF NIMLO Complimentary copy of  City Code  	Commissioner Bunker moved that NIMLO be sent a complimentary copy of the City Code.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.  There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Bunker moved the meeting adjourn.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.
	ATTEST: APPROVED:    City Clerk  Mayor  1-6-54  ..................
  PAYROLL WARRANTS ✓	Las Vegas, Nevada January 20, 1954  A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 20th day of January, was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M. with the following members present:  Mayor C. D. Baker Commissioner Wendell Bunker Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett Commissioner Harris P. Sharp Commissioner Reed Whipple  City Manager George Rounthwaite City Attorney Howard W. Cannon City Clerk Shirley Ballinger  Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 2505 to 2874 inclusive in the net amount of $42,747.48 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
SERVICE & MATERIAL WARRANTS  	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 50881 to 51063 inclusive in the total amount of $89,225.02 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.
MINUTES  if	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of January 6, 1954 be approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.
PUBLIC HEARING  | STREET NAME CHANGE Elm Dr & Tonopah Dr to Baskin St.  	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the change of name of Elm Drive and Tonopah Drive to Baskin Street, the matter was considered by the Board.  His Honor asked if there were any objections to this change of name. There were no objections voiced.  Commissioner Bunker moved the recommended street name change be approved and the following resolution adopted:
	WHEREAS, there have been requests to rename ELM DRIVE and TONOPAH DRIVE, located between Rancho Road and Harrison Avenue; and  WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas, Nevada,  and  WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas, Nevada made its recommendations to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the name of said streets be changed after consideration thereof; and  WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, set a public hearing on the proposed change of street name and gave notice thereof as required by law, which public hearing was duly held on the 20th day of January, 1954; and  WHEREAS, at said public hearing all persons were given an opportunity to protest and be heard; and  WHEREAS, the following proposed name change met with the approval of all persons in attendance at said public hearing and met the approval of this Commission and the Commission finds that said name change will facilitate mail deliveries, aid in locating various

1-20-54