Las Vegas, Nevada

September 22, 1944

    At a regular meeting of the Board of City 

     Commissioners held this twenty-second day of

September, 1944:	Meeting called to order by

His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of
2.30 p.m. with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and
Smith; City Manager, Charles C. McCall and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the
last regular meeting held September seventh, 1944,
be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	   Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims Nos.

	193 to 201. inclusive, in the sum of $15,297.81

be approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,Clark,

	Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	   Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material

WARRANTS	Warrants Nos. 202 and 203, inclusive, in the sum

of $7,762.90 be approved; the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

BIDS ON CEMETERY PIPE		Bids for the laying of pipe at Woodlawn Cemetery

Annex No. 1 were opened from the following firms:

Larkin Plumbing & Heating Company -	$5,678.32

City permits and fees not included

Belsmith Company	-	6,259.00

Howard L. Chambers	-	4,950.00

Neeley-Myers	-	5,420.00

The bids were referred to the City Auditor for tabul-
ation and held up for a future meeting.

ELECTRICAL EXAMINING		Mayor Cragin appointed the following persons to the

BOARD		Electrical Examining Board:

Harvey Luce - representing the Contractor
           E.D. Wilson -	"	" Southern Nevada Power Co.

	R. J. Reitz	"	" Journeyman

Commissioners Smith and Clark from the Board of City
Commissioners; said appointments to be for a term of
two years, effective this date.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bates moved that the 

appointments to the Board of Electrical Examiners be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

F.W.A. LEASE	    Commissioner Bates moved that the F. W. A. Lease on the

SEWERAGE SYSTEM	Sewerage System be referred to the City Attorney for a

report at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
	following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

	Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WOODLAWN CEMETERY		Commissioner Clark moved that the Plat of Woodlawn

ANNEX NO. 1	Cemetery Annex No. 1 be approved and the Mayor and City

Clerk authorized to sign some.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,