	Las Vegas, Nevada March 26th, A.D. 1912.

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Neva.
held at the office of the City Clerk, on the 26th day of March. A.D. 1912. at the hour of seven o'
clock P.M. Upon the calling of the roll the following officers and members were found present
Mayor Protem Ed. Von. Tobel, Commissioners, Stewart, Coughlin, and McGovern, the Clerk thereupon
read the call and Notice of the special meeting and the same together with certificate of service
of said notice was ordered spread upon the minutes of this meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada March 26th, A.D. 1912.

To Harley A. Harmon , City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:- In the absence of the Mayor from this City I hereby call a special meeting of
the Beard of City Commissioners, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 26th, day of
March A.D. 1912. at the hour of seven 9 o'click P.M. for the purpose of considering and acting upon
the petition of the Las Vegas Land and Water company for authority and permission to construct and
maintain pole lines in said City.	Signed : Ed. Von Tobel Mayor Protem.

Filed this 26th, day of March A.D. 1912. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

To Mayor Ed Von Tobel Mayor protem, Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, and McGovern.

March 26th, 1912.

My Dear Sirs:-	This is to notify you that pursuant to a call of the Mayor protem Ed Von Tobel

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada there wil1 be a special meeting of tne Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at seven o'clock P.M. in the office of the City Clerk of said
City to consider and act upon the petition of the Las Vegas Land and water Company for authority
and permission to construct and maintain polelines in said City, as is mere fully set forth is

 said petition.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 26th day of March A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed March 26th, A.D. 1912.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified acting City Clerk in and for the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I made personal service of the above notice on the aforesaid

Commissioners, by handing to each of them personally a copy of the aforesaid Notice of said
special meeting.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 26th, day of March A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed March 26th, A.D. 1912.

At this time F.R. McNamee presented to the Board the following petition which was read
before the Beard in full, " Application for permission to construct a pole line. To the Hon.
Beard of Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada
The Las Vegas Land and water company, a corporation, organized and existing under and by virtue
of the laws of the State of Nevada, makes application to your Hon, Board for permission and
authority to construct, install, repair and maintain, for its private use and benefit, a line
of poles wires and appliances for the purposes of conducting and transmitting light and power
and for telephone and telegraph purposes, in, through, over, across and along each of the streets
and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, in said County of Clark, viz: Commencing at the property
line of the San Perdo, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company at the western extremity of
Bridger Street, and extending southeasterly along Bridger Street to the center of Block No. 21;
thence, southwesternly along, over and through the alley of blocks No. 21, 22, 23, and 24, to

Garces Street, which said streets and alleys are fully delineated on the map of Clarks Las Vegas
townsite, being a subdivision of parts of Sections 27 and 34, T.20 S., R, 61 E, M.D.B.M.