GAMING APPLICATION
3rd Quarter 1954
Change of Owner

Las Vegas Liquor Store

LIQUOR APPLICATION
3rd Qtr. 1954
Change of Owner

Las Vegas Liquor Store
Rex Bar



GAMING APPLICATION
3rd Qtr. 1954
Change of Owner
Change of Business



CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
3rd Qtr. 1954

AUCTION PERMIT
State Loan & Jewelry

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Mrs. Flo Hanson
Appeal filed.

PETITION OF PROTEST
Handicapped Children's
School

GAMING LICENSE
California Club
Suspended



ACTING CITY ENGINEER

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of D. M. and Mildred Martin for four slot
machines at the Westside Tavern, 206 Wilson, formerly listed to C. H. Murray be
approved for the 3rd quarter of 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Dolores J. Bonaobra for 3 slots at the Las
Vegas Liquor Store, 812 East Fremont, formerly issued to Beatrice Lindgren be approved
for the 3rd quarter of 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Dolores J. Bonaobra for a retail Liquor
Minature license at the Las Vegas Liquor Store, 812 E. Fremont, formerly issued to
Beatrice Lindgren, be approved for the 3rd Quarter of 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harold M. Zink for a Tavern Liquor
license at the Rex Bar, 124 So. 1st, be approved for the 3rd quarter of 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Jake Newman for 1 race book and 1 sports
book at the Hollywood Race Book, 115 No. 1st, formerly issued to Johnie Lane and Tredwell
Nave, Johnie Lane's Race Book be approved for the 3rd quarter of 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the applications following be approved for the 3rd quarter
of 1954 for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products.

BABY BEEF MARKET	928 No. Main	Sutton	Vending

CLEVELAND ARMS	130 Cleveland	Sutton	Vending

JOHNSONS MALT SHOP	416 Jackson	Sutton	Vending

NEVADA ROOM	116 No. 2nd	Sutton	Vending

SIGNAL SERV STA	2102 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

HAMBURGER HEAVEN	1315 "E"	Sutton	Vending

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE 812 Fremont	Delores J. Bonaobra

SYNDERS DRIVE IN	Corner So. 5th	Sutton	Vending

TED WEINS AUTO SERV	201 So. 5th	Sutton	Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Dr. A. Coblentz appeared before the Board requesting permission to hold
an auction at State Loan and Jewelry, 104 Fremont.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request for an auction permit at State Loan and
Jewelry be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple voting aye:	noes, Commissioner Jarrett and His Honor Mayor

Baker.

 At this time the Board considered the appeal filed by Mrs. Flo Hanson on the denial of her
application for a use permit to conduct a child nursery at 1315 Francis Avenue.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this appeal be set for August 18
at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time property owners appeared before the Board protesting the establishing

of a handicapped school for children at 1005-117 South 3rd Street. They protested on

the grounds that the property was too small for such a school, that there wasn't sufficient

room for thirty-six children and they did not wish to have such a business operated

next to their homes. Discussion followed, and these property owners were advised that since

this was an R-4 zone that such a school could be established. They were advised to

contact the owner of the property to see if he couldn't consider their protests.

At this time Mr. Walter O. Parman and Mr. George Arquilla appeared before the board.
Discussion was held relative to undisclosed interest holders in the California Club.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the gaming license for the California Club
be suspended and that Mr. Arquilla and Mr. Parman appear at the next meeting of the
Commission to show cause why their license should not be revoked; further that this
suspension begin tonight at 12:00 midnight.

At the hour of 9:30 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9:45 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple all voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett
and His Honor Mayor Baker.

At this time the City Engineer reported to the Commission that he would be leaving on
July 23, 1954, and would be gone until August 9, 1954. In the interim Mr. Wade requested
the Board to authorize Mr. Victor Uehling to act in his stead.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the City Engineer be approved and
Mr. Uehling be authorized to act in the absence of Mr. Wade.

7-21-54