Las Vegas, Nevada
January 4, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada held this 4th day of January, 1956 was called to order
by His Honor Mayor Baker at the hour of 7.35 P.M. with the following mem-
bers present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager        Robert W. Notti
City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director         Franklin J. Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Mayor Baker explained to those present that the matter of the elimination
of curb parking on South 5th Street would be discussed by the Parking and
Traffic Commission at their meeting to be held January 5, 1956 at 2.00 P.M.

Commissioner Sharp moved the ordinance recently adopted eliminating curb
parking on South 5th Street from Oakey to San Francisco be referred back to
the Parking and Traffic Commission for review and further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of William
Clark of the denial of his application for rezoning of Lots 1 through
7, Block 10, Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-4 to C-2, His Honor asked if
there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be held in abeyance until a complete
study can be made of the complete area of East Charleston.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Michael Hines appeared before the Commission at this time on behalf of
Mr. Stanley Lewis who had been refused a permit to work in one of the down
town clubs. Mr. Hines explained that Mr. Lewis had received a temporary
permit in 1952 and in 1954, and had also worked on the Strip with a card
from the Sheriff's office. Mr. Hines said that Mr. Lewis had been con-
victed of a felony and had served fourteen months in prison. He requested
that a permit be granted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Stanley Lewis for a work permit
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Baker and Hazard Inc. for the
rezoning of the South 988.87 feet of the west 210 feet; and the south 190
feet of the east 1118.54 feet of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 21, T20s, R6lE.
MDB&M from R-E to R-4. This application was approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker declared his interest in this property and passed his vote.

The application of Louis Miranti for rezoning of Block 7 and 18; Block 6,
except Lots 9,15, 16 and 47; Block 19, except Lots 11, 19 and 20; Block
30 except Lots 9 and 11 of Las Vegas Square from R-1 to R-3 was continued
until January 18, 1956.

Consideration was given to the application of A. Nordeen to construct an
eighteen foot wall for a sound barrier between the Baby Tel Nursery and his
apartments at 201 St. Louis (North 12½ feet of Lot 38 and Lots 39 and 40,

Block 13, Meadows Addition). The Board of Adjustment denied this application.

Mr. Robert E. Jones appeared on behalf of Mr. Nordeen and requested that this
application for variance be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance until June 6, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: None.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.01 for the towing con-
tract with the City, His Honor announced that he understood that four of the
businessmen wished to make a joint bid.

Mr. Wayne Kirch appeared and asked why it had to be a contract. Discussion was

held on the matter.	

1-4-56

S0UTH 5TH STREET
Elimination of Curb Parking



PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-41-55

WORK PERMIT

REZONING - Z-37-55
Baker & Hazard Inc.

Approved

REZONING - z-34-55
Louis Miranti

VARIANCE - V-41-55
A. Nordeen

BID NO. 56.01
Towing Contract

