5th STREET IMPROVEMENT
Sidewalks & Street
Lighting

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Charleston & Maryland
Parkway
Thomas Oakey

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Leslie P. Goebel

BASEBALL LEAGUE
Resolution

CONDEMNED BUILDING
License Applications

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Geraldinge M. Stocker
San Pedro Street

ADDITION AND REVISION
OF CITY HALL
Call for Construction
Bids

Discussion was held on the installation of sidewalks and street lighting on South 5th Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a study be made to determine the method of assessing the
cost, whether on a benefit or on the basis of the City paying the expense for the installation
of sidewalks and street lights on South 5th Street, from Oakey Boulevard to the intersection
of 5th & North Main.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Thomas Oakey for permission to drop the curb one inch for a distance of 140 fee
along the westside of Maryland Parkway and 100 feet on the south side of Charleston Boulevard
to provide driveways into the Union Oil Co. was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be referred to the City Engineer to prepare a plan for
driveways in this area to be submitted back to the Board for their consideration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the request of Leslie P. Goebel for four driveways approximately 42 feet in
length in order that he can have access to his property at 18U-192 and 200-208 New York
Street was considered by the Board at this time. The City Engineer, George Wade, recommended
that these driveways be confined to 32 feet in length.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Leslie P. Goebel for four driveways
at 18U-192 and 200-208 New York Street be reduced to 32 feet, as recommended by the City
Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, hippie and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has been previously represented by a baseball
team in organized baseball; and

WHEREAS, during the year 1953 the said City did not have an entry in any organized
baseball league within the United States; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, feel that
the people of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada deserve and will support a team in the
California State League;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, that by this Resolution this Board requests the Directors of the California State
League to favorably consider the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for membership in the said league;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be presented to the proper
officials of the California State League.

DATED this 4th day of November, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following applications for renewal of license for the fourth quarter in buildings that
have been condenmend by the Building Department, were presented to the Board for their
consideration:

a)	C. H. Searway - rooms - 226 North 2nd

b)	Leather Shop - Harold & Fred Souder - 116 North 1st Street

c)	Buds Apartments - Howard Burgess - 213 North 2nd

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the above applicants for license be granted approval
for ninety days (90), said licenses to be issued for a term no longer than December 31, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The quitclaim deed from Mrs. Geraldine M. Stocker for a thirty foot strip shown on the sub-
division map known as Francisco Park was presented at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of November, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 7th day of
October, 1953, executed by Geraldine M. Stocker and Harold J. Stocker

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Those voting aye:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Those voting nay:	None

Commissioner Jarrett passed his vote due to the fact he insures the people who own the
property.

The plans and specifications for the addition to and revision of the City Hall were presented
for consideration by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that authorization for publication calling for the