OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 28th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark Countv, Nevada held on the 28th day of April, 1941 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk. Also present A.A. Hinman Council for Mayor Russell.

This being the time set for hearing of charges against Mayor Russell as same were filed by
Commissioner Ronnow it was on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti that
Mayor Pro Tem Krause preside at this meeting.

	Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert Corradetti ana Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none,
Mayor Russell not voting.

Attorney Hinman appearing before the Board as Council for Mayor Russell presented the
following request to the Board:

1.	To act and authorize construction of access road from highway 91 to Las Vegas municipal
Airport W.P.A. Project No. 50074.

2.	Make Plans for administration building at Las Vegas Airport to be constructed by the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las V gas, Nevada hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	A Corradetti	Herb Krause	C.V.T. Gilbert.

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 25th day of April, 1941 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. on said day.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Ronnow and City Attorney Austin.

Commissioner Corradetti, a member of the Airport Committee brought to the attention of the
Board the necessity of hiring an architect for the administration building to be constructed at the
Las Vegas Municipal Airport and suggested the sum of $35,000.00 being adequate for the construction
of the building, heating and cooling and architect fees and Commissioner Corradetti so moved that
A.L. Worswick, local architect be employed by	the	City of Las Vegas as architect on	the administrative

building to	be constructed by the City at the	Las	V gas Municipal	Airport. That the	cost of said

building delivered to the city including architect fees and heating and cooling systems be not over
the sum of $35,000.00.

Vote	Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and	His	Honor the Mayor	voting aye. Noes,	none.

The	consideration of the construction	of	the access road	from Highway 91 to the Las Vegas

Airport was considered at this time and Commissioner Corradetti informed that Board that it was con-
sidered the best procedure for R.B. Griffith as a member of the Airport Committee and Mr. Murphy
of the State Highway Dept. to fly to Reno Monday April 28th and met with Gilbert Ross of the State
W.P.A. in regard to said road. Mayor Russell expressed his opinion by stating that the same would
be satisfactory to him if Commissioner Corradetti accompanied Mr. Griffith and Mr. Murphy.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Corradetti accompany Mr. Griffith of the Airport Committee and Mr. Murphy of the
State Highway Dept. to Reno and that Commissioner Corradetti be instructed to sign W.P.A. Project
No. 50,074 provided he feels that said application and offer is correct. Said application being for
R.P.A. aid on access road to Las Vegas Airport from Highway 91.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the traveling expense involved in the making of the above mentioned trip by Mr. Murphy, Nr.
Griffith and Commissioner Corradetti be allowed and paid by the city of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

There upon the business being completed for which this meeting was called said meeting adjourned.