Commissioner Smith made a motion that the application of A. H. Merritt for one slot machine
license at 421 S. 5th Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of Sam Stearns for a license for a Roulette table at 113 North 1st street was
referred to the Chief of Police for investigation.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that two slot machine licenses be issued to Wm. A. Jones.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the application of Fred Kennedy for a license for
Sealed package liquor license at 201 Bridger Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that a tavern liquor license be issued to the Vegas Hotel,

Inc. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the application of the Vegas Hotel, Inc., for a license
to operate 1 roulette table, 1 crap table and 1 twenty one table be granted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the application of the Pioneer Club for a license to

operate 1 slot machine, 1 Roulette Table, 1 Crap Game, 1 twenty one game be granted. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Smith,

Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the application of Jake Ensley for a license to operate
1 poker table at 220 N. 1st Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that application be made for an emergency loan in the amount of
$50,000 land that Mr. Blackman, City Auditor, be appointed to go to Carson City and appear
before the Tax Commission and explain the necessity for the emergency loan. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor C. R. Clark, Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the city clerk and the Mayor be empowered to draw the
necessary papers for the purpose of making application for said emergency loan. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the bid of the Las Vegas Fuel and Supply Co. for fuel
oil in the sum of $0.07½ a gallon be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that he be allowed to install street markers and posts
throughout the city and be authorized to negotiate with people for cutting out templates
for street markers. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that permission be granted to the Las Vegas Land & Water
Company to lay a line, at city expense, to connect with the Boulder Addition water line to
be used for fire purposes only, and keys to be furnished to the police department and the
Fire Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon recommendation of Mr. Case, Fire Chief, Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that bids
be let for 2000 feet of fire hose and ten fire plugs, 
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the fire chief be granted permission to install
three Jones Valves with three inch standard pipe. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that six more fire sirens be purchased for the fire
department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the Mayor be empowered to execute the necessary
papers for the proposed WPA project for the installation of 42,000 final feet of concrete
curb and gutters throught the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that a $500 burglary insurance policy for the Clerks
office be purchased from Cragin & Pike. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the city clerk be instructed to make application
of Cragin & Pike for an additional premium of $86.00 for the police cars, with the under-
standing that the Insurance Company pay a certain repair bill amounting to $45.00. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that Dr. Ernest Newman be appointed health officer of the
city of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux. Thereafter the matter was
laid over until the meeting of the 10th.