It is understood that the bonds are to be delivered to us in Salt Lake City free of
exchange and collection charges.

Your agree to take such steps and pass such resolutions as our attorneys may require to
the end that said bonds may be legally issued in their opinion and delivered to us without
undue or unnecessary delay.

The attached Cashier's Check for $4,300.00, is to be held uncashed by you as evidence
of our good-faith and applied on the purchase price of the bonds when they are delivered to us.

In case, our bid is not accepted, this check is to be returned to our representative immediately.

Respectfully submitted,

Snow, Goodart, and Company.

The above offer is hereby accepted for and on behalf of Las Vegas.

In Witness whereof, Witness our hands and the seal of said City, this 14th day of May,
A.D. 1930.

J.F. Hesse

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

City Seal.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
Recessed until Thursday the 15th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 15th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hess, Commissioners German, and Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas.

Minutes of meeting of May 9th, 1930, read and approved as read.



At this time the Board took up the matter of the widening of Fremont St. as per petition
filed with the Board some time ago. After due consideration Commissioner Smith was directed
to have plans, and estimates of cost prepared at an early date.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 21st day of May, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 21st, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las 
Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court
House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on the 21st day of May, 1930 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, The City Clerk and City
Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

The City Attorney presented to the Board a form of bond authorized by the terms of Ordinance
No. 157 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Forty Nine Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-
five and 12/100 Dollars ($49,595.12) to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and 
confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las egas for the purpose of paying for the
work of making improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and construction of Asphaltic
Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, to-wit:

On Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark
Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas,
therefor, said bonds to be knows as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series C",
and providing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by diving the same into ten (10)
annual instalments and placing said installments on the Tax Poll of Clark County and collecting