Consideration was given to the application of Ted C. Longley for variance
to construct an addition to an existing house to within 20 feet of the rear
property line at 1513 South 9th Street (Lot 8, Block 2, Park Manor #2). The
Board of Adjustment recommended this application he approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Ted C. Longley for a variance to construct an addition to an
existing house to within 20 feet of the rear property line at 1513 South 9th
Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ted
C. Longley for a variance to construct an addition to an existing house to
within 20 feet of the rear property line at 1513 South 9th Street be and
the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The Commission considered the application of Murray H. Phillipson for variance
to build an addition to a veterinarian hospital at 1720 South Main Street.

The Board of Adjustment recommended this application for variance be adopted.
Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered
the application of Murray H. Phillipson for a variance to build an addition
to a veterinarian hospital at 1720 South Main Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE it is the decision of this Board that the application of Murray
H. Phillipson for a variance to construct an addition to a veterinarian hos-
pital at 1720 South Main Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Sunrise Estates be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp stated that he had done a little work for the subdivider,
and passed his vote.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Lulu C Subdivision be deferred
until next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp add carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The Commission was advised that the bid of A.D. Machinery on Bid No. 56.4 had
not been opened with the other bids because it was thought that this firm did
not have a City license; however, the records had been checked and it was
found that A.D. Machinery did hold a valid license. Thereafter this bid
was opened.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid of A.D. Machinery on Bid No. 56.4 be
referred along with the other bids to the City Manager and Director of Public
Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At the hour of 9.40 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at
the hour of 10.00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills presented a report on a workable program
for urban renewal on the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held until the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

VARIANCE - V-2-56
Ted C. Longley



VARIANCE - V-3-56
Murray H. Phillipson

SUNRISE ESTATES
Tentative Map

LULU C. SUBDIVISION



BID NO. 56.4
URBAN RENEWAL

