TAXICABS	Commissioner Bates moved that all taxicabs be removed from Fremont Street,

REMOVED FROM	from 5th St. to Main St., inclusive, and that only one stand be allowed for

FREMONT ST.         each company to operate on side streets off Fremont St. Said stands to be

allowed between Fremont and Carson and Fremont and Ogden. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes
none.

Mr. Leo McNamee, Esq. appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the
taxi owners.

Upon request of Commissioner Bates, Mayor pro tem Smith ordered that flowers be
sent to Mayor Cragin with a wish for his speedy recovery.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Comm-
issioner Corradetti moved that the meeting adjourn until July 16, 1943 at the
hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
July, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Mayor E. W. Cragin; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, and Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener; City Auditor, Mac Cazier
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the last regular meeting be
approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor, voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 2462 to 2630, inclusive, with the

2462 to 2630  	exception of 2592 in favor of Wm. Graves who is under suspension from the

INCLUSIVE	 	Police Department, be allowed and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized

to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes none.

GRIFFITH	The City Clerk was instructed to notify Mr. R. B. Griffith that the fifteen

BUILDING	day period has elapsed for the improvements on his building at 2nd and Fremont

IMPROVEMENTS  	Streets and to ask him when he expects to start this work.

ELECTRICAL	Commissioner Clark moved that the employment of Mr. Partie as City Electrical

ENGINEER	 	Engineer be approved and that a badge be ordered; that his salary be $250.00

APPOINTED	 	a month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

STREET DEPT.	Commissioner Smith moved that the apportionment to the Street Department be

$8,000.00	 	credited in the following manner:	that the Street Department expense control

TRANSFERRED	 	be credited with $8,000.00 by debiting reserves for encumbrances in a like

amount. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none,

FEDERAL WORKS      A letter from the Federal Works Agency, Public Roads Administration requesting
PUBLIC ROADS	assistance in obtaining right-of-way, cost of construction and maintenance of

proposed highway within the city limits, was read. Commissioner Clark moved
that said agency be informed that the city was without funds to aid them in
this proposed project, but that the city would be glad to co-operate with them
in any other way possible. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

WEATHER BUREAU	The application for renewal of lease for space at the municipal airport building

LEASE	     by the United States Weather Bureau was referred to the City Attorney.

RENEWAL

GAMING AND LIQUOR Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming and liquor applications
APPLICATIONS      be renewed:

RENEWALS

Nate Mack at Associated Oil Co.	10th	& Fremont	2	slot	machines

B. A. Wilger at Betty's Cafe	1039	S. Main St.	2	slot	machines

J. C. Greyson at El Cortez Hotel	600 Fremont (Casino) 1	slot	machine

Mark Schulman at Mark’s Food Co.	1500	E. Fremont	7	slot	machines

L. B. Scherer at	Pioneer	Club	25 Fremont	1 Farobank

James Greyson at	Betty's Cafe	1039 S. Main	Retail Beverage

R. J. Kaltenborn	at Jack	Pot Club	116 Fremont	14 slot machines

1 Poker
1 Crap
1 "21"

1 Roulette
1 Penny Roulette
(14 chairs)