Commissioner Baskin, seconded the adoption of the foregoing
resolution and the same upon being put to a vote was
unanimously carried by the affirmative vote of all the
Commissioners present. The vote being as follows:

E.	W.	Cragin	Mayor	"Aye"

R.	T. Baskin	Commissioner	"Aye"

C.	R.	Clark	Commissioner	"Aye"

Walter Bates	Commissioner	"Aye"

A.	Corradetti	Commissioner	"Aye"

Approved the 7th day of March, 1946.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lee Spiers
for a license for two additional cabs be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming
applications be approved:

Overland Hotel	Main & Fremont	L.M. Wilson, Mgr,	1 Slot

Monte Carlo, Inc.	15 Fremont	J.L. Young, Mgr.	1 Poker

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the certain petition to
vacate all of Boulder Street which runs between Main
and 2nd Streets and which separates Block 4 & 5 and
Also 9 & 10 of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the
tentative subdivision map of Charleston Square, Tract
#2, Subject to the following conditions before approval
of the final subdivision map.

1. Lots

a.	All lots designated in this tract shall be a
minimum of 65' in width, as desired by the
sub-divider and lot lines shown on the present
tentative map shall be revised and adjusted
accordingly.

2.	Streets

a.	Graded and surfaced to widths as indicated on
map, 36' minimum paving width.

b.	Curbs and gutters—concrete in "L" type.

c.	Driveways—Provision should be made for 

driveways extending from the street pavement to
garage including approved surfacing where
driveways slope to the pavement (where there
is no garage, such driveways should be provided
at least to the building line or and car port
or automobile storage space behind said building
line.).

d.	City Engineer to approve all profiles, cross
sections and construction specifications.

3.	Sidewalks

a.	Concrete—in at least 4' widths.

4.	Utilities

All lots improved shall be served with:

a.	Adequate public domestic water supplies including
fire hydrants for fire protection—Fire Chief
to approve location and kind.

b.	Sanitary sewer—City System.

c.	Electricity.

d.	Adequate street lighting on all streets within
this tract.

5.	Grading

To be accomplished in accordance with an approved
grading and architectural plan for the entire 

subdivision prior to the issuance of building permits.

TAXI APPLICATION 
Lee Spiers

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Granted

PETITION TO VACATE
Boulder Street

CHARLESTON SQUARE—
Tract #2-Tentative
Sub-Division Map—
Approved