Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Sam Cohen. Tivoli Turf, 126 North 1st for 1
Race Horse Book for the second quarter of 1952 be approved.

This motion died for lack of a second.

The application of Norman Khoury, Club Savoy, 116 Fremont for 54 slot machines for the se-
cond quarter of 1952 was presented for consideration. No action was taken by the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for gaming licenses for the second
quarter of 1952 be approved. 

ANDY’S LIQUOR STORE	1320 D Street	C. R. Millhizer	1 slot

LITTLE MEXICO CAFE	119 North 1st	Tom Rolofson	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Las Vegas Club, 18 Fremont, by A.F. Schel-
lang for 12 additional slot machines for the second quarter of 1952 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Park Manor, as recommended by the Regional
Planning Commission be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the revised tentative map of the Noblitt Addition Subdivision
as recommended by the Regional Planning Commission be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett passed his
vote. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Desert Park Tract No. 2 as recommended by
the Regional Planning Commission be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Charles Viale for variance to permit the construc-
tion of a motel unit on 13th Street between Fremont and Ogden be denied and the following re-
solution adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 28th day of April, 1952, Charles Viale filed an application for
variance to permit the construction of motel units on Lots 7, 8, 9 and 10 of Block 9, Ladd's
Addition, in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on May 8, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance, at which time arguments were presented by all interested
parties; and

WHEREAS, on May 8, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission voted to deny the ap-
plication on the ground that excess traffic would be created by this use of the property, the
fact that the Planning Commission does not wish to set a precedence for extending additional
commercial zoning on side streets off of Fremont and in consideration of the objections of
adjacent property owners that such use would depreciate the value of their property; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on May 13,

1952, recommending that such variance not be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission that the variance application of Charles Viale to permit the construction of motel
units on Lots 7, 8, 9, and 10 of Block 9, Ladd's Addition in an R-3(Limited Multiple) Use
District be denied, by and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harold B. Foutz, for variance to construct three
additional units at 1155 South 4th Street be approved and the following resolution adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 19th day of March, 1952, Harold B. Foutz filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct three additional apartments
on a lot with four existing apartments at 1155 South 4th Street in an R-3(Limited Multiple)

Use District; and

WHEREAS, on May 8, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on May 8, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved such application
for variance on the ground that such variance would not result in material damage to other
property in the vicinity or be detrimental to the public welfare; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the
Board of Commissioners on May 12, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted,

New Location

Additional



PARK MANOR SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map

NOBLITT ADDN. SUBDIVI-
SION

Revised Tentative
Map

DESERT PARK SUBDIVISION
TRACT NO. 2
Tentative Map

APPLICATION FOR VARIANCE
Charles Viale

APPLICATION FOR VARIANCE
Harold B. Foutz