476

RIGHT-OF-WAY DEED	On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp, the follow-

Bracken Avenue	ing resolution is adopted, and order made, accepting the dedication of a portion of

Bracken Avenue, subject to the installation of improvements:

	BE IT RESOLVED, this 24th day of August, 1953. by the Board of Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 20th day of August, 1953. executed by Geraldine and Harold J. Stocker to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Motion carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting

aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett, Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS - Final Map No action was taken on the final map of Charleston H eights Subdivision.

BID NO. 53-28 - Award

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Bid No. 53.28
for two pick up trucks be awarded to Sellman Motors in the total amount of $4,990.00
be accepted.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE -
Race Horse Tip Sheets

PLANNING COMMISSION

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING CERTAIN RE-

GULATIONS WITH REFERENCE TO THE DISSEMINATION OF WRITTEN OR PRINTED MATTER AND ORAL
INFORMATION RELATING TO HORSE RACES AND OTHER CONTESTS, was read by title and referred
to Commissioners Bunker and Jarrett for recommendation.

At this time the new members of the Planning Commission were given the Oath of Office
by the Clerk.

Thereafter His Honor addressed the group and stated that the main reason for disbanding
the Regional Planning Commission and forming this group was to give more time to City
problems. The Mayor stated that some of the main items of business for the Commission
to consider were off-street parking, traffic, Assessment Districts, petitions for annex-
ation, the proposed subdivision ordinance, and the forthcoming bond election for the water
district.

WASHINGTON STREET
Extension

At this time the meeting recessed to allow the Planning Commission to organize.

The meeting reconvened with all members present as of the opening session.

Thereafter William R. Walker explained the new Master Plan, pointed out the major
changes and reasons behind these changes and a general discussion followed.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the proposed Master Plan of the Regional Planning Commis-
sion be referred to the City Planning Commission for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the City accept $5.500 from T. Gay Myers, Mrs. Van Der Meer
and V. D. Eachus for the purpose to assist in the purchase of property on North Main
Street for the extension of Washington Street from Main to 5th; in the event the street is not
put through that the monies contributed by the above named parties be returned to them if
and when the City resells the property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Whipple.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 2469 in the total
amount of $3,500.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker,Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

8-24-53