Notice having been given and published, according to law, of the intention of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to close and vacate the street between
Blocks 3 and 4 of the Church Addition to the city of Las Vegas, as shown on the official plat
thereof; a meeting having been held as scheduled in said notice whereat an opportunity to be
heard was given to all persons desiring to object to such proposed street vacation; and full
consideration having been given to the matter thereafter;

It is, now, therefore, deemed and determined by said Board of City Commissioners that
the closing and vacation of said street is for the best interests of the public and that no
person will be materially injured thereby;

WHEREUPON, it is by said Board of City Commissioners adjudged and ordered that that portion
of the official plat of said Church Addition to Las Vegas, on file and recorded in Book 2 of Plats,
page 7, Clark County, Nevada, Records shall be altered in that the Street between Blocks 3 and 4
thereof shall be closed and vacated, and this order shall be duly recorded in the office of
the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and shall be endorsed by said Recorder upon the Map
of Plat of said Subdivision on file therein, as aforesaid, so as to indicate clearly the portion
thereof altered and changed by this order.

Miss Davis appeared before the Board and spoke on behalf of the OPA, requesting office space
in the West Wing of the War Memorial Building. His Honor appointed Commissioner Smith and
the city engineer to make a report as to the available office space for rental purposes and
report back at the next regular meeting.

At this time Mayor Garrison was called from the meeting and Mayor Pro Tem Clark conducted the
meeting.

Mr. John Hall, Sanitation Engineer, made a report on the sanitary situation along with certain
recommendations relating to conditions in West Side.

Commissioner Smith moved that a policeman detailed on nothing but sanitation on West Side,
and to work under the jurisdiction of the Health Department and the police department at a
salary of $6 per day be hired at once. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioners Smith and Rubidoux were appointed to make a study of the report submitted by
the Sanitation Engineer and report at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Tinch. moved that Clem Malone be granted permission to connect up with the well
at the cemetery to service his tract with water for 60 days. Said pipe line to be ½".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Commissioner Smith passed. Noes, none.

The claims of Mr. Neilson and Mr. Mastrianni were referred to the finance commissioner
for action.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city grant an easement to the State of Nevada for
the purpose of widening Fremont from 14th Street to the city limits. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.
a

The bid of the O. J. Scherer Co., for a cesspool and septic tank at the Airport Administration
Building was opened at this time. This bid being the only one received.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of the O. J. Scherer Co in the sum of $1470 be accepted
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of the U. S. Government for a license to
set three poles on city owned property and install and maintain lights and radio antenna on
said poles be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch were appointed to investigate whether beer could be given
away at a barbecue in the War Memorial Hall.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city attorney request the District Judge to comply with
the law regarding the hiring of a full time juvenile officer. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor
Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor pro tem Clark at this time requested the city employees to give the fullest cooperation
to the drive now being conducted for the collection of scrap rubber.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until July 2, 1942 at the hour of 10:00
A. M. for the purpose of signing the payroll only. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
July 2, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 2nd day of
July, 1942. Meeting called to order by Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 10:00 A.M.
in the Mayor's Chambers with the following members present: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith and Tinch. Deputy Clerk, LeRoy Whipple and city clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Smith moved that demands 698 to 701 with the exception of Warrant #698-11
be allowed. 698-11 to be withheld until the auditor submits check in the sum of $115 from