188

VARIANCE
W.A. Spicer

VARIANCE
Gus Drew

VARIANCE
Henry and Marie

VARIANCE
William Fox

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of
W.A. Spicer to convert an existing garage to a guest house located at 636 North
10th Street in an R-2 (Single Family Residence) Use District be approved; was
presented.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that this application be approved, be accepted and the following resolution adopted.

#350 WHEREAS, on the 27th day of October, 1952, W.A. Spicer filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to convert an existing garage to a guest
house located at 636 North Tenth Street in an R-2 (Single Family Residence) Use District;
and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved the application
as they did not feel that this use would be depreciating to surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 19, 1952,
recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that W.A. Spicer be granted a variance to convert an existing garage to a guest house located
at 636 North Tenth Street in an R-2 (Single Family Residence) Use District, be and the same
hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and his Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Gus Drew to
construct an addition to existing dwelling to extend within five feet of rear lot line
situated at 1061 Griffith in an R-l Use District, be approved, was presented.

This application was referred to Commissioner Bunker for report at the next meeting of the
Board of Commissioners, December 3, 1952.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of Henry and
Snyder Marie Snyder to construct an attached garage to within six feet and six inches of rear
property line located at Eighth and Bracken Street in an R-l (Single Family Residence)

Use District; be approved was presented.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this
application be approved, be accepted and the following Resolution adopted.

#351

WHEREAS, on the 28th day of October, 1952, Henry and Marie Snyder filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct an attached garage to
within six feet and six inches of rear property line located at Eighth and Bracken Street
in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, The Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 19, 1952,
recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that Henry and Marie Snyder be granted a variance to construct an attached garage to within
six feet and six inches of rear property line located at Eighth and Bracken Street in an
R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of William Fox
to reduce the required rear yard to ten feet and the required side yard to five feet for a
hotel to be constructed on property 140 feet by 200 feet located on the Northeast Corner of
South 2nd Street and Utah Avenue in an R-4 (Apartment) Use District be approved, was presented.

Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this
application be approved be accepted and the following resolution adopted.

#352

 WHEREAS, on the 23rd day of October, 1952, William Fox filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for a variance to reduce the required rear yard to ten feet
and the required side yard to five feet for a hotel to be constructed on property 140 feet
by 200 feet located on the northeast corner of South second Street and Utah Avenue in an
R-4 (Apartment) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 19, 1952,
recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that William Fox be granted a variance to reduce the required rear yard to ten feet and the re-
quired side yard to five feet for a hotel to be constructed on property 140 feet by 200 feet
located on the Northeast comer of South 2nd Street and Utah Avenue in an R-4 (Apartment) Use
District; be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.