Director of Public Works Sauer stated that Mr. Petersen developed El Centro #2 and posted
a check in the amount of $2278.60 to cover offsite improvements which have never been 
completed; specifically, the sidewalk adjacent to the curb. In answer to this; Mr. Petersen
said that he would be glad to put them in.

Mr. Sauer said there is still the matter of the personal check being held by the Treasurer.

When Commissioner Fountain asked for how long; he answered since 1954. Mr. Petersen asked
Mr. Sauer to go on and tell them why and went on to say he had been turned down on different
ideas.

Commissioner Bunker stated that we cannot approve something that is in violation of an
ordinance.

Mr. Petersen asked how Market Town got by as there is not a sidewalk in the entire block.

Commissioner Whipple asked Mr. Sauer if they would not work something out on this. Mr.

Sauer stated he thought so and requested time to meet with Mr. Petersen to see what could
be worked out.

USE PERMIT (U-23-58)	The Commission considered the application of James Nicholson; Jr. for a Use Permit to conduct 

James Nicholson; Jr.	a jewelry repair business as a customary home occupation at 622 West McWilliams; legally

described as Lots 11 and 12; Block 20; Original Las Vegas Townsite; in an R-3 zone. Approval
Denied	recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following restrictions: (There

was one letter of protest.)

1.	That the permit be non-transferable.

2. That the operation be inspected annually by the License Department.

3. That no signs or other forms of advertising be permitted on the premises; and that no
selling be permitted.

4.	The signing of an improvement agreement and the posting of a bond for the installation of
sidewalks as recommended by the Engineering Department.

This application was considered by the Commissioners at their regular meeting held November
5, 1958; and held in abeyance until this meeting. At that time Planning Director Bills said
there are to be 5-foot sidewalks installed under an improvement agreement and a $581.00 bond
is required. The improvement agreement has not been signed and the bond has not been posted.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of James Nicholson; Jr. for a use permit to
conduct a jewelry repair business as a customary home occupation at 622 West McWilliams; legally
described as Lots 11 and 12; Block 20; Original Las Vegas Townsite; in an R-3 zone; be denied
because the applicant has not complied with the instructions of the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker

Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

BID OPENING - NO. 58.23            This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 58.23 for the furnishing of all
Sprinkler System - Woodlawn          labor; equipment; materials; transportation and services for installation of a Sprinkler System
Cemetery - Plot X                 at Woodlawn Cemetery; more fully described in the Plans and Specifications of said project;

bids were received from the following firms:

Referred to Public Works

Ace Plumbing & Heating	$ 3280.72	$ 3616.20 Alt.

Nevada Lawn Irrigation	3395.91 Alt.

Longley Construction Co.	3730.10	4173.35 Alt.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director of
Public Works for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT 100-43   The Commission considered plans; specifications and estimates of cost for the installation
Street Lighting on	of street lighting on North Main Street; from Carson Avenue north to North City Limits.

Main St. from Carson	Resolution was adopted by the Board of City Commissioners on July 2, 1958, instructing the

to North City Limits	Engineering Department to prepare plats; plans; specifications and estimate of cost.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Board that the estimated cost is $40,073.99.

Commissioner Whipple asked what percentage was in favor and Mr. Sauer advised that in the
section from Bonanza to North City Limits there are better than 51 percent; whereas; from
Carson to Bonanza there were less than 51 percent required. It adds up to not enough for
the entire district but there are sufficient in favor for the area from Bonanza to North
City Limits. If we could arrange an informal hearing to get a more complete account of those
for and against; it might be that more would be in favor of this proposed street lighting.

The district could be reduced. There is some street lighting from Carson to Bonanza but it
is outmoded.

City Manager Kennedy suggested a couple of hearings with those people might help because
present lights between Carson and Bonanza do not meet any of the Standards.

Commissioner Fountain stated that the area for the proposed street lighting is possibly
where the freeway will be constructed; and raised the question of moving the lights. City
Manager Kennedy stated if this should happen the State would move them.

His Honor Mayor Baker asked for what area the estimate was figured and Mr. Sauer stated it
was for the entire area from Carson to North City Limits. The Cost is $2.90 per front foot of
property. He again stated the district would be reduced to just that portion of Main Street
from Bonanza to the North City Limits if the entire district cannot be included.

Commissioner Whipple moved that an informal public hearing be held after the first of the year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.



11-19-58