OWENS AVENUE GRADE
CROSSING

Mankiewicz Property

3.	The contractor shall have the option of using a pit-run type of gravel for
cradling the pipe between the flow line and the spring line and the maximum size of gravel
allowable for sub-base shall be 3½" in lieu of the 2" maximum as set forth in the Standard
Specifications.

4. The City shall pay for all gravel furnished by the contractor and authorized
by the engineer which is placed adjacent to and immediately below the invert flow line
and the City shall pay for gravel furnished by the contractor and authorized by the engineer
for cradling the pipe and placed between the invert flow line and the spring line of the
pipe.

5. Paragraph 8-24 (E) of the Plans and Specifications shall not be interpreted to
infer that the contractor is to furnish at his expense any gravel bedding material author-
ized by the City Engineer.

6. It is understood that all amendments herein agreed upon shall be deemed to be
retroactive to the date of commencement of performance under said contract.

7. It is specifically understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all re-
maining terms and conditions of said contract shall remain in full force and effect, other
than as specifically herein amended, and each of the parties hereto agree to perform in
accordance with the terms and conditions thereof.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this modification to the agreement with Charles J.
Dorfman, contractor for the Outfall Sewer, Schedules, A,B,C, and D, be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins presented the matter of obtaining a 350 foot strip
of property from Mrs. Susan Mankiewicz for the right-of-way for the Owens Avenue Grade
Crossing, which subject had been discussed by the Commission at the meeting of October 11,1956.

Mr. Hawkins asked if the Commission would also like for the City Attorney's Office to ne-
gotiate with Mrs. Mankiewicz for the dedication of 25 foot wide parcel of land on the east
side of her property for the right-of-way for A Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the acceptance of the offer of Mrs. Susan Mankiewicz
for the purchase of the strip of property for Owens Avenue grading crossing in the amount
of $4500.00 be authorized and the City Attorney instructed to endeavor to obtain a 25 foot
strip of land from the east side of Mrs. Mankiewicz's property for the extension of A
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time representatives of the Youth Committee of Clark County Social Agencies appeared
before the Commission; those present were as follows:

Mrs. Carol Pierce	Mrs. Thalia Dondero	Mr. Frank Urban

Mr. Pat Diskin	Father Donald Carmody

Mrs. Pierce explained that her committee had met with the youngsters of the community to
determine what recreational facilities they do not have they they would like. Mrs. Pierce
stated that the youth were desirous of having their own "drag strip", and her committee
was here to see what, if any, assistance the City can give in this regard.

The Commission advised Mrs. Pierce that the City would be willing to aid in the preparation
of such a track. They further advised this Committee that one of the main concerns was
that it would be difficult to secure an individual or organization to be responsible for
the operation of the "drag strip" once it had been constructed.

The City Manager reported that Officer Warren Bohlmann in the Juvenile Division of the Police
Department was presently negotiating to secure property for this purpose in the vicinity of
the old Sky Haven Airport, located on the Tonopah Highway in the County. Mr. Kennedy further
advised that even if a"drag strip" was obtained that it would be a difficult task to get
the youngsters to cooperate together in the use of this track.

The Committee was advised that the City of Las Vegas would not and could not accept the
responsibility of the operation of a drag strip. It was explained that the responsibility
was not only too great, but that this type of operation was uninsurable insofar as the City
is concerned.

Discussion then followed as to what addition or reorganization of the existing program of
the City's recreational facilities could be made to better meet the needs of the youth.

Mr. Pat Diskin explained that he had talked with a Mr. English who has been employed ten
years with the County of Los Angeles as a youth coordinator, and suggested that possibly such
a position in this area would be of benefit to our community. Mr. Diskin stated that this
type of person would work toward the end of coordinating the efforts of those organizations
and individuals that were anxious to provide additional recreational facilities and pro-,
grams for the youngsters.

Thereafter Commissioners Bunker and Fountain were appointed to attend the next meeting of
this Coordinating Council to see if the City can be of assistance in this program, and make
their recommendation back to the Commission.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

ATTEST:

APPROVED:

Mayor

10-18-56