PARTIAL PAYMENT	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for partial payment of $l8,145.28

Assessment District	on Assessment District No. 200-3 he approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

No. 200-3	sign the warrant when drawn.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by .the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PARTIAL PAYMENT -	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of John B. Powers Co. for partial payment of

Assessment District	$3,448.26 on Assessment District No. 200-8 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk

No. 200-8	authorized to sign the warrant when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYMENT OF ELECTION	Commissioner Peccole moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2097 to 2106 inclusive

WORKERS	in the total amount of $3,932.50 as payment to Election Workers be approved and the Mayor

and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTH ADDITION -	Commissioner Peccole moved that the public hearing on the rezoning of Lots 7 through 10

Rezoning	of Block 14, South Addition from R-3 to R-4 be set for May 29, 1951 at 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FINAL PAYMENT -	Commissioner Bunker moved the final payment to Albright’s Courtesy Electric Co. of

Assessment District                   $6,593.62 for Assessment District No. 100-3, Electrolier, be approved and the Mayor and
No. 100-3	City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when drawn.

Electrolier

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAWNBROKERS LICENSE	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Louis Mack, Mack’s Jewelry to transfer his

Transfer	pawnbrokers license to Moe Taub dba Jay’s Jewelry be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RELIGIOUS SERVICES          Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Mr. Barbar to hold religious services for three
weeks commencing May 20, 1951 in a tent to be erected at Charleston and Fremont, be ap-
	proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARBAGE CONTRACTOR    At this time William Coulthard, attorney for Nevada Sanitation, and the new owners, Mr.
Murphy and Mr. Moseley appeared before the Board.

	His Honor requested that any new plans or changes they wish to discuss be held in abey-

ance until the new members of the Commission take office.

PAHOR TRACT -	Commissioner Peccole moved the public hearing on the rezoning of the Pahor Tract from

Rezoning	R-A to R-1 be set for May 29, 1951 at 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting recess until May 15, 1951 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



Las Vegas, Nevada
May 15, 1951

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 15th day of May, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 8:00 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Peccole,

Whipple: and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent: Commissioner Moore, City Attorney

Howard W. Cannon and City Manager C. W. Shelley.

CANVASS OF ELECTION       This being the time set for the canvass of ballots cast at the City Election held May 8,
1951 for the election of a Mayor, Commissioner First Class, Commissioner Third Class,

	Municipal Judge and City Attorney, the following errors were found:

PRECINCT NO. 1 -             On the Ballot Statement of the Poll and Tally Book the ballots voted,
spoiled and unused do not balance with the number of ballots received
There is a difference of 9 too many ballots.