Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Consideration was given to the application of Elijah Pullens and Theodore Lawson for a Package

New	Liquor license at the Westside Grocery, 322 Madison. The Commission were apprised of a

Westside Grocery	resolution adopted June 20, 1956 granting a variance to Mr. Pullens for the Westside Grocery,

and specifying that no liquor be sold on the premises.

Denied

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Elijah Pullens and Theodore Lawson for a
Package Liquor License at the Westside Grocery, 322 Madison be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the application of Harry Levy to transfer the Package Liquor

Transfer	license formerly issued at the Food Center, 770 Fremont Street to Harry Levy Liquors,

Harry Levy Liquors	2002 E. Charleston, and the addition of Alvin Levy and Arthur Turk to this license.

Commissioner Whipple moved this transfer.be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain,
but no vote taken. Mr. Herb Jones, representing the owners of Sallie's Liquor Store appeared
in protest to the granting of this transfer. Mr. Jones explained that there are four existing
package licenses on East Charleston Boulevard, and if this transfer is approved some or all of
the establishments will suffer. Mr. Jones also presented a letter from the secretary of the
Clark County Beverage Association referring to a resolution adopted objecting to this
package store being allowed to operate in this location.

Mr. Robert O'Brien, owner of O'Brien's Liquor Store, 1311 E. Charleston spoke in protest and so
did Mr. Sam Taylor, Secretary of the Clark County Beverage Association.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple withdrew his motion and Commissioner Fountain withdrew his
second.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for transfer of liquor license be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioner

Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission next considered the request of Joe Gordon, President of the Modern Market, Inc.

Request to Retain	for detention of the package liquor license formerly issued to the Modem Market at 121

North 5th Street. City Manager Kennedy explained that this market has been sold, but the
Modern Market, Inc.	liquor department was not, and it is the request of the licensees to retain this license until

they are located in a proposed new supermarket. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that according
to the ordinance, the Commission has the right to allow this license to be held in abeyance
without a location for a period of 60 days.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on this application for retention of the package liquor
license be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING & LIQUOR LICENSES Commissioner Bunker moved the application of John Haines for 2% interest and Milam M. Haines for
California Club	1% interest in the liquor and gaming licenses of the California Club, 101 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for cigarette licenses be approved and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

TAM DRIVE MANOR	312 Baltimore	Sutton	 Vending

FREMONT HOTEL	2nd	& Fremont	Sutton 	Vending

	DERBY TURF	113	South 1st	Sutton	 Vending

SARATOGA RACE BOOK	114	South 1st	Sutton	 Vending

	COREY'S FINE FOODS	4th	& Fremont	Sutton	 Vending

MOULIN ROUGE HOTEL	900 W. Bonanza	Sutton	 Vending

ROYAL MOTEL	615 South 5th	Sutton	 Vending

SINEAD MOTEL	2201 Fairfield	Sutton	 Vending

	DEMOCRATIC HEADQUARTERS	129	North 4th	Sutton	 Vending

TRIPLE A ELECTRIC SERVICE 208 E. Chareston	Sutton	 Vending

	ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS	130	South 4th	Sutton	 Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.07	Discussion was held on the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the bid of Ferris

 Tire Supply	Chassis & Motor Service for supplying of tires to the City for the fiscal year, be accepted on

the basis that it was the low bid.

	The Commission asked the Director of Public Works if this matter had been checked thoroughly,

and both he and the City Manager indicated that a great deal of time had been spent investigating
this matter. Mr. Kennedy stated that reports had been received from the City of Long Beach who
have just recently made an award to the distributor of Armstrong tires, which Ferris Chassis &
Motor Service handles.

	The City Manager stated that other cities had been contacted, but that the Long Beach 

specifications more closely followed those of the City of Las Vegas.

The Commission also asked of this concern was an authorized distributor for the Armstrong Tire
Company,  and were advised that assurance had been given by the manufacturer that this local
concern would be made an authorized dealer.

No further action was taken on this recommendation.

8-6-58