OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 8th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of November, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The following resolution was passed upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously
carried, viz:-

WHEREAS a plat of the west half of block B of the Valley View Addition to the City
of Las Vegas has been referred to the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
and has by said Planning Commission been duly approved and returned to the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, be it resolved that said plat be, and it is
hereby approved, and the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to approve the same, and the Clerk of said City is hereby authorized and directed to
attest such approval.

Upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, the City
Assessor was authorized to purchase a book suitable for recording the 1928 Special
Pavement and Curb Improvement assessments, and it was further ordered that said City
Assessor be authorized and directed to prepare the special assessment set forth in
Ordinance No. 133.

The following resolution was then presented to the Board, and upon motion of
Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, was duly passed and adopted, to-wit:

"WHEREAS, the petitions signed by property owners on Fifth and on Main Streets,
authorizing the improvement thereof as hereinafter specified, have been received and
approved by this Board,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED that the Department of Highways of the State of
Nevada be, and it is hereby authorized to construct oil bound gravel surface in accord-
ance with the usual specifications and requirements of said Department on the following
portions of said streets, to-wit:

16 feet on each side of the 18 ft. Federal Aid Highway on Main Street, from the
north line of Fremont Street to the South Line of Stewart Street,

16 ft. on each side of the 18 ft. Federal Aid Highway on Fifth Street from the
South Line of Fremont Street to the South Line of Park Place Addition to the City of
Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for such authorization the City will make available
to the said Department, funds to pay for the entire cost of the work, and

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that said City agrees to immediately advance to such
Department the estimated cost of the proposed work, namely, grading, cost of and
applying oil, mixing and finishing. "

the vote being as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon a recess was declared until Thursday the 15th day of November, 1928,
at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.