NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application for variance be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-12-58)	Consideration was given to the application of John Walker for variance to reduce the required rear

John Walker	yard from 25 feet to 14'5" at 559 Griffith Avenue (Lot 6, Block 4, Desert Park Tract No. 3) in an

R-1 zone. The Commission was advised that the Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended this
Approved	application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this application. None were
voiced or filed.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held on the 6th day of August, 1958 having considered the application of John Walker
for variance to reduce the required rear yard from 25 feet to 14'5" at 559 Griffith Avenue, (Lot
6, Block 4, Desert Park Tract No. 3) in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John Walker for variance
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote.

VARIANCE (V-8-58)	The Commission considered the application of Melvin Campbell for variance to utilize a portion of

Melvin Campbell	the required rear yard for patio and equipment shelter at 1700 South 14th Street, between St. Jude

and St. Joseph Circles (Lots 21 and part of Lot 22, Block 3; Marycrest Estates) in an R-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised that denial was recommended by the Board of Adjustment on the
basis that the rear yard is already less that that required by ordinance; an addition has been
made without a building permit to the house extending completely over the side lot line; and
because of the written protest of the legal owner of the property there appears to be doubt as to
the right of the applicant to make application.

Mr. John Mowbray, attorney for the Kax Corporation appeared and advised the Commission that they
wished to object to the granting of this variance.

Mr. Melvin Campbell appeared at this time and explained to the Commission that this property had
been purchased from the Kax Corporation, only partially completed, and he could show documents
that proved that he is the legal owner of the premises at this time. He stated that he and his wife
had constructed a fence, a grape arbor that is covered with numerous improvements to protect
themselves and their property from heat, wind and dust. He further stated that when he had
discovered that there was insufficient property in the backyard, he had contacted Mr. Mowbray
and purchased all land available, which was still insufficient.

He explained that he was unaware that it was necessary for him to have a building permit to build
a grape arbor, and that was his reason for this violation.

Mr. Campbell introduced his neighbors who are supporting his request for variance, Messrs. Ralph
Forbes, Stupar and Santam.

Further discussion was had on this matter, and at the hour of 8:45 P.M. the Mayor declared a
recess. The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:00 P.M. with all members present as of the
opening session.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Melvin Campbell for variance be held in abeyance
for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING (Z-9-58)	Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Darryl N. Leavitt for rezoning of property

Dr. Darryl N. Leavitt	located on the southside of West Charleston Boulevard between Desert Lane and Highland Drive,

from R-1 and R-4 to C-2.

Planning Director Bills advised this had been recommended for denial by the Planning Commission on
the grounds that this property has residential development on three sides, and a further extension
of commercial zoning along West Charleston would be contrary to good planning. He stated that
one protest was received from the Presbyterian Church.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be held in abeyance until completion of the Master
Plan of Land Use.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

KASPER PARK & SUNSET	Discussion was held on the tentative maps of Kasper Park and Sunset Manor #3. The Commission

MANOR #3	was advised that both	these	subdivisions had been approved by the Planning	Commission, subject

Tentative Maps	to certain conditions relative to drainage design, gravity flow sewers and water supply.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative maps of Kasper Park and Sunset Manor #3 be referred back
to the Planning Commission for further consideration and solution of the problems of drainage,
gravity flow sewers and water supply, prior to resubmission to the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS	Commissioner Fountain	moved	the tentative map of Las Verdes Heights, Units	2 and	 3 be approved as

UNITS 2 & 3	recommended by the Planning	Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

8-6-58