LAS VEGAS LAND
AND WATER CO.

Re: Water Meter

GARBAGE DISPOSAL
 Truck Bodies
Bid accepted.

WARRANT #535-1
 H. C. Garrison

BAPTIST CHURCH
 CONDEMNATION-- 
Motion Rescinded

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held the 7th day of November 1946. Meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:16 p.m.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; City
Attorney C. Norman Cornwall; and Deputy City Clerk Shirley
Ballinger. Absent: Commissioner Baskin and Helen Scott Reed,

City Clerk.



Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of October 7, 10,
and 22, 1946 be approved by reference and the Mayor aid City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the motion of October 22, 1946
approving the condemnation of the old Baptist Church now 

located at 7th and Ogden, be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.



Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Carpenter be allowed to go ahead
with hiw building. Work is to begin not later than the week of
November 1l, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His 

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Recommendation of the City
Manager be approved that $1800.00 be transferred from the
Recreational Capital Fund to Miscellaneous Expense and 

transfer the resulting balance from the Recreation Capital
fund to the Recreation Trust fund.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates

and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be 

authorized to call to the attention of the Las Vegas Land and
Water Co., that by using a meter on the City property,
they are violating a State law and the meter must be
removed at once.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the bid of Charles N. Hallan
for one refuse disposal body Master Serial #811 record
capacity 700 pounds in the sum of $800.00 be accepted.
Further, that the bid of Mr. Hallan f6r one refuse
disposal body # 747, 1000 pounds capacity in the sum of
$10.00 be rejected and the City Manager hereby authorized
to notify Mr. Hallan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Bates and
Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Comptroller be
directed to issue a new warrant in the sum of $15.00
payable to Howell C. Garrison in place of Warrant #535-1,
dated 6-30, 1941.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

There being no further business to come before the Board
at this time, Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting
adjourn until November 7 at the hour of 2 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners

Bates and Clark.