RIGHT-OF-WAY OVER   Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City Commissioners accept the
UNION PACIFIC      right-of-way described in the letter from the Union Pacific Railroad, under
GROUNDS	date of November 16, 1943, subject to all revisions outlined in said letter

and that said letter be copied into the minutes and made a part thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

"UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
401 So. Second Street
Las Vegas, Nevada

November 16, 1943

 Hon. E. W. Cragin, Mayor
and

• City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

In connection with the request from the City for right-of-way for
proposed highway connection between Bonanza Road and Charleston Boulevard
over a portion of the Union Pacific grounds enclosing our springs and wells:

Will you kindly advise what public authority desires the deed,--
whether State, County, or City, so we may present the request to our officials
for approval.

Will you please also advise if it will be satisfactory if we
furnish easement for roadway purposes with consideration (vacation by ordinance
of the existing high way through our property, which the City has assented to)
and the following reservations:

1.	Reversion in event of discontinuance
of use for roadway purposes.

2.	Retention of water rights.

3.	Our usual oil and mineral rights
reservation.

4.	Grantee at its cost to construct
fence on each side of right-of-way.

I would be glad to have copy of the resolution concerning the
vacating of old Tonopah road after new highway has been constructed.

Yours very truly,

/S/ Walter R. Bracken
WALTER R. BRACKEN,

Special Representative.

cc - Mr. Robert A. Allen."

TAXI APPLICATION  Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Carol W. Wells and
DENIED	R. L. Buchfink to operate a taxi business in the City of Las Vegas be

denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

NEW GAMING AND	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following new applications for gaming

LIQUOR LICENSES     and liquor licenses be granted:

GRANTED

A. R. Leonard, Cardinal Sandwich Shop, Retail Beverage License
E. A. Robinson, The Esquire, 120 S. 2nd, Importer's Beverage-Liquor License
Albert Goot, Food Center, 770 Fremont, Importer's Beverage-Liquor License
R. Roschl, Thrifty Market, So. 1st & Charleston Sts., Slot Machine License
Pat Rozzelle, Cardinal Sandwich Shop, 508 Fremont, Slot Machine License
J. K. Houssels, Las Vegas Club, 23 Fremont, Faro Gaming

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ASSISTANT	  Commissioner Bates moved that an assistant librarian be hired as of

LIBRARIAN HIRED December 2, 1943, at a salary of $125.00 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PETTY CASH FOR	Commissioner Bates moved that a petty cash fund be set up for the librarian

THE LIBRARIAN	in the sum of $6.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.