LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 4, 1941

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of
September, 1941. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at
the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux; Madison B. Graves Deputy City Attorney, Helen Scott, Clerk and LeRoy
Whipple Deputy Clerk.

Minutes of the meetings of August 16th, 18th, 22nd, 28th and 30th were read.

It was Ordered that the Minutes of the Meeting of the 22nd be amended to show that
Minutes be kept of the Meeting called for August 28th. FURTHER ORDERED that the Minutes
of the 22nd be corrected to show "setting of Markers for graves" instead of "sale of
markers" as now appears. FURTHER ORDERED that the Minutes of August 28th be amended to
show that that certain land purchased from Mr. Friedman was purchased for a state highway
instead of for rerouting the Lincoln County Power Line. Thereafter, the Minutes were
approved as corrected.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that warrants 566 to 569 inclusive be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honorvoting "Aye". Noes - none.

	Commissioner Smith made a motion that slot machine licenses be issued to the

following businesses:

Opedyke Jersey Dairy	1

E. P. Bihlmaier	3

Rancho Grande Creamery	1

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that a retail restaurant beverage license
be issued to James Stahl at 807 S. Main Street. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An application for a gaming license having been presented for the Pioneer Club
at 25 Fremont and upon motion by Commissioner Tinch
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried the matter was tabled for investigation.

Vote:; Commissioners Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner
Smith voting no.

	The application of Mrs. Marion Wilson for a Taxi Cab Stand on the north east

corner of Fremont Street and Sixth Street was referred to Commissioner Tinch for recommend-
ation.

	A Petition signed by residents and property owners from Sunrise Park Addition

protesting the possible removal of the Restricted District to their location. Said
Petition was filed for future reference.

A letter was rea d from Prime Meat Company and Anderson Dairy regarding the
need of a sewer between Gass and Hoover Streets in the City of Las Vegas. The matter
was referred to the City attorney for recommendation.

	Mr. Tinch made a motion that the claim of the Western Air Express Corporation for

tickets for Howell Garrison, Pat Clark and Bob Griffith from Las Vegas to Salt Lake and
return in the sum of $112.50 be allowed. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark , Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor
voting "Aye". "Noes, none.

	Commissioner Smith made a motion that the purchasing agent take up the matter of

an itemized estimate for pipe for the cemetery with the city engineer and prepare necessary
bids to get equipment and that the Board proceed to make negotiations for the acquiring of
additional land, approximately ten acres extending eastward from the present Cemetery;

FURTHER that the cemetery commissioner be authorized to open negotiations to purchase
said land from the Union Pacific Railroad. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and
carried by the folio wing vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the claim for damages sustained by
Wm. R. Miller and Freeman H. Smith on account of the alleged version of flood waters over their
property be declined and that settlement out of court be denied. The City Clerk to notify
J. R. Lewis, Esq. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Bids for traffic lac were opened from the following firms. Home Lumber Company,

Woiteshek Lumber Co and Ed Von Tobel. Commissioner Clark made amotion that the bid of the Von
Tobel Lumber Company in the sum of $248.50 be accepted. Said bid being the lowest bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Bids for traffic signs from the following firms were opened at this time. K. E.

Erickson Co., Inc., Chas. F. Todd and Albright's Business Machines Co. Commissioner
Smith made a motion that the bid of K. E. Erickson Co., said bid being the lowest submitted
be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Bids for a fluid process duplicator from the following firms were opened at this

time and thereafter referred to A. W. Blackman, City Auditor, for recommendation.