536



Section 1. That the sewage disposal bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Series July 1, 1949,
be sold at public sale to the person or persons offering the best and most advantageous terms
to said City. The Mayor and the City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized and directed to
give notice offering said sewage disposal bonds for sale, and calling for bids for the purchase
of said bonds, by publishing a notice once a week for four consecutive weeks by five insertions
at weekly intervals in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, the official newspaper of the City
of Las Vegas, which notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF SALE
CITY OF IAS VEGAS, NEVADA
Sewage Disposal Bonds
Series July 1, 1949

$350,000.00

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will
on the 7 day of September, 1949, at the hour of 3 o'clock, P.M., at the City Office
in Las Vegas, Nevada, offer for sale the following described general obligation
bonds of said City:

City of Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Bonds, Series of July 1, 1949,
dated July 1, 1949, in the aggregate principal amount of $350,-

000.00, in denominations of $1,000.00 each maturing serially
$8,000.00 July 1, 1950 and $18,000.00 in each of the years July 1,

1951 to 1969, both inclusive, all bonds maturing on and after the
first day of July, 1955, being subject to redemption in inverse
numerical order at the option of the City on the first day of July,

1954, or on any interest payment date thereafter, and all of said
bonds to bear interest at a rate of not more than three per centum
per annum, payable semi-annually on the first days of January and
July in each year, both principal and interest being payable at the
office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada. Said bonds will
constitute the general obligation bonds of the City of Las Vegas,
payable from ad valorem taxes which may be levied subject to the
limitations imposed by the laws of the State of Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit a bid or bids specifying (a) the lowest rate
of interest and premium, if any, above par at which the bidders will purchase
said bonds, or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidders will purchase
said bonds at par. Bidders may submit a bid or bids for all or a part of the
issue. If the City makes an award to more than one bidder, it will average the
maturities as between bidders. The bonds will be sold to the bidder or bidders
making the best bid, subject to the right of the City Officials to reject any and
all bids and readvertize.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor
will any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All
bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accom-
panied by a deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the
amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the
successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds
within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit
shall be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas and, in that event, the corporate
authorities of said City may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid;
or if all bids are rejected, such authorities may readvertize said bonds for sale.

If there be two or more equal bids, and such bids are the best bids received and
are not less than par and accrued interest, the corporate authorities will deter-
mine which bid shall be accepted. The legality of the bonds will be approved by
Messrs. Pershing, Bosworth, Dick & Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Denver, Colorado,
whose opinion, together with the printed bonds, will be furnished the purchaser
without charge.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 5th day of August, 1949.

/s/ E. W. CRAGIN,

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger,

City Clerk.

Section 2. That a copy of said notice of sale shall be mailed at least three weeks prior
to the date fixed for the sale of said bonds to the State Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada.

It was then moved by Commissioner Moore and seconded by Commissioner Peccole that all rules of
this Board which might prevent, unless, suspended, the final passage and adoption of the fore-
going resolution at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permit-
ting the final passage and adoption of said resolution at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those Voting Aye:	Mayor E. W. Cragin

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Robert T. Moore
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

Those Voting Nay: None

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion, the Mayor
declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.