OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 5th, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on the 5th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith and German, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of December 4th read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the Clerk's office.

Reports of Building, Plumbing and Electrical inspectors, Municipal Judge and Clerk
presented to the Board and same being approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of December as follows:

$1180.55 Fees and licenses

1219.00	Fines from Muncicpal Court.

$2399.55

Monies proportioned as follows:

$1,000.00 to General Fund.

1,399.55 to Police and Fire Fund.

Monies transferred as follows:

$870.81 To Salary fund from General Fund

147.00	To W. s. & L. Fund from General Fund.

260.00	To Street Fund from General Fund

45.00	To Cemetery Fund From General Fund.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith is was moved that the
Salary of the Municipal Judge be increased from $50.00 per month to $100.00 per month said in-
crease to start the first of December 1929.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse
voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing
Asphaltic Concrete Pavement- Durite Process on certain streets and protions of streets in said
City; Describing definitely the location of said improvements: providing that the cost and ex-
pense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the spec-
ial assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas certain protions thereof are required to be paid from the General Fund
of said City of Las Vegas: providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also gen-
eral bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto
was read to the Board for a second time, and passed by the following vote, Commissioners Thomas,
German, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none. Same was ordered
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a newspaper printed, and published in the
City of Las Vegas for six issues.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and construct-
ing Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs and Gutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement on cer-
tain streets and portions of streets in said City: describing definitely the location of said
improvements: providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special ass-
essment upon all lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, accord-
ing to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof
are required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas: providing for the issu-
ance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the pay-
ment thereof and other matters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a sec nd time, and
passed by the following vote; Commissioners German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
Hesse voting Aye. Nones none. Same was ordered published for one week (6 issues) of the Las
Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper printed, and published in the City of Las
Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed

until Friday the 6th day of December at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 6th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting held on the 6th day of December 1929 at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and Hansell,  together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Mr. Lloyd S. Payne, Electrical Inspector appeared before the Board, and handed in his re-
signation as Electrical Inspector, same to take effect at once. There upon motion of Commission-
er Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith was moved that the resignation of Lloyd Payne be
accepted, and the office of Electrical Inspector be declared vacant.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye.

Noes None.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith was moved that