 O. J. SCHERER—
Industrial Tract

 BOXING BOUTS—
 American Legion

not exceed four dwelling units (one-family each) per lot
as platted.

3.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT

The maximum building height shall be two stories.

4.	YARDS REQUIRED

A.	No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20)
feet to the front property line of any lot fronting
11th street nor shall any building be erected
closer than fifteen (15) feet to the front 

property line of lots fronting on Maryland Parkway
(reduced front yard depth will be established for

Maryland Parkway to permit reasonable land 

coverage in accordance with the requirements for this
district and to compensate for extra width to be
conveyed for widening and improving Maryland 

Parkway.)

B.	There shall be a side yard on each side of a
building of not less than ten per-cent of the
width of the lot.

C.	There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20)
feet in depth.

5.	DWELLING GROUPS

In the event dwelling groups are to be erected, plot plan
shall first be submitted to the Planning Commission for
compliance with regulations for such use permitted in such
property.

6.	PROVISIONS FOR STORAGE OF AUTOMOBILE

There shall be provided at the time of the construction of
any dwelling units hereafter erected, minimum permanently
maintained off-street parking accommodations, with adequate
provisions for ingress and digress as follows:	There shall

be provided private automobile storage space, located on
the same lot or parcel of land, with a capacity for not
less than one car for each dwelling unit.

7.	CONVEYANCE OF RIGHT-OF-WAY

It is understood that additional right-of way needed for
the widening and improvement of Maryland Parkway will be
conveyed to the City of Las Vegas, as verbally agreed
to by the petitioner, at the time of or prior to the
issuance of building permits for any structures to be
located on said property.

This petition involving property legally described therein
and classified in Residence Zone #1 was presented to and reviewed by
members of the Joint Planning Commission on October 1, 1946. After
consideration of all factual data before members of the Commission,
it was determined that the exception here recommended under the
conditions set forth was consistent with the intent and purposes
of the City Zoning Ordinance and amendments thereto now being
prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission relative to the 0. J. Scherer
Industrial Tract be approved with the exception of that
portion relating to the installation of sidewalks,
curbs, or gutters, and it is the order of this Board
that sidewalks, curbs and gutters be installed in the
residential portion fo said tract before the subdivision
will be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the
American Legion Las Vegas Post #8 for use of the
auditorium in the War Memorial Building during the
winter months for boxing activities be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by