330

RESOLUTION NO. 124	BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the $th
day of October, 1948, executed by G. F. Ashby, Nelle R. Ashby, Victor V. Konkel, Mar-
jorie H. Konkel, Frank Strong, Margaret Faires Strong, Thomas A. Campbell, Thelma D.

	Campbell, McNeil Housing Company By:	L. G. McNeil, President, E. H. Davis, Secretary,

John N. Bentley, Helen M. Bentley, Edmund Converse, Alan W. Mays, and Frances G. Hays
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as there-
in set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION - Deed On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried
Mastercraft Homes unanimously, the following ?Resolution is adopted and order made:

Charleston Sq. #1

RESOLUTION NO. 125	BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated the 29th
	day of October, 1947 executed by Mastercraft Homes, Inc. to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION — Deed	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried

Carl A. & Julia S.	unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

Huffey

RESOLUTION NO. 126	BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 6th day
	of December, 1948 executed by Carl A. Huffey and Julia S. Huffey to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and
is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

LETTER FROM	His Honor read a letter dated December 6, 1948 from the Clark County Protestant Ministerial

MINISTERIAL ASSN.	Association regarding the appointment of municipal judge. This letter was ordered filed.

STREET NAMED *—	Commissioner	Moore moved	that the recommendation	of the Planning	Commission contained	in

Edgewood Avenue	their letter	of December	2, 1948 that the first east-west street	north of the Scotch

	Eighty Addition intersecting Rancho Road be named Edgewood Avenue, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

3RD STREET - Width	Commissioner	Clark moved	that the recommendation	of the Planning	Commission contained	in

their letter	of December	2, 1948 that the paving	width on South 3rd Street between Char-

	leston Boulevard and $th Street be held to a 50 foot minimum be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUBDIVISION -	The following recommendation from the Planning Commission dated December 6, 1948 relative

Stockwick Park	to the Stockwick Park Subdivision was received:

Tentative Map

Transmitted herewith is a tentative subdivision map of Stockwick Park, which is located
as shown on the accompanying city map.



At a regular meeting of the Regional Planning Commission held November 23, 1948, the
Commission conditionally approved this tentative map and transmits same, designating
improvements which are recommended be made by the subdivider. Other requirements are
also indicated which are recommended in connection with approval of the final sub-
division map.

CONDITIONS

1. Streets

a.	Graded and surfaced to a width of twenty-seven (27) feet as a continuation
of the streets in the Huntridge development to the first north-south street,
Escalante Drive to be improved to a minimum width of thirty-six (36) feet
of pavement, curb to curb,

b.	Curbs and gutters - concrete "L" type.

c.	Driveways - where car storage space on any lot is accessible from the street,
provision should be made for driveways extending from the street pavement to
garage, including approved surfacing where driveways may slope to the street,
and in all cases between curb and property line.

d.	Off-Street Parking - That adequate, permanently maintained, off-street park-
ing space be provided for the storage of vehicles on each and every parcel in
said tract, and that said parking or storage space be located completely with-
in lot lines, preferably beyond the building line. It is further required
that the conditions relative to off-street parking be made a part of the de-
claration of restrictions to be recorded with the final subdivision map.