The name of Mrs. C. E. Bulette was placed in nomination by Commissioner Elwell.

There appearing to be no second at this time Commissioner Elwell placed in nomination
the name of F. E. Matzdorf. Seconded by Commissioner Shield.

The name of T. M. Carroll was placed in nomination by Mayor Gorman. No second.

At this time Mayor German seconded the nomination of Mrs. C. E. Bulette.

Thereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Shield that nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor, aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of Mrs. C. E. Bulette was placed before the Board to fill the
vacancy of Commissioner of the First Class. Voting His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye. Com-
missioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, no.

Thereupon the name of F. E. Matzdorf was placed before the Board to fill the vacancy of
Commissioner of the first Class. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, Aye, Mayor
J. German, No.

Thereupon it was moved by Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield that
the Board Adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 1st day of January, A. D. L1924.

Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye, Noes,

none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	JANUARY 1, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las VEGAS,

Nevada held on the first day of January, A. D. 1924. Present Commissioners W. H. Elwell and C. R. S
Shield and de facto Commissioner F. E. Matzdorf to-gether with the City attorney and City Clerk.

His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, and Commissioner A. R. Anderson being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, Commissioner
Elwell was appointed temporary chairman. Voting Commissioner Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell, Aye.

Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board this is a legal holiday, it was ordered, upon motion of
Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf that the Board adjourn until Friday Jan-
uary, 4, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell and
Matzdorf, Aye. Noes, none.