USE PERMIT

W R Husband
Business Address
U-31-54

USE PERMIT -
S. Grant Stewart
Approved
U-33-54



VARIANCE

Bernada E. Montgomery
V-48-54— denied

VARIANCE -	

W. S Robinson
Carport - held

VARIANCE -

Robert R. Wakefield
Public Bearing Set

VARIANCE -
Fremont Hotel, Inc.
Approved

At this time the Board considered the request of Mr. W. R. Husband for use of his
residence at 2222 West Bonanza as a business address for conduction of his tile business.

This application was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Considerable discussion followed among the Board members in which it was stated that it
would start a precedent if permission were given for a commercial business in a
residential area.

Therefore, Commissioner Bunker moved that the action of the Board of Adjustment be
approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 6th day of October, 1954, having considered the application of
W. R. Husband for a Use Permit to conduct a tile business in his residence at 2222
West Bonanza; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of W. R. Husband for a
Use Permit to conduct a tile business in his residence at 2222 West Bonanza be and the same
is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of S. Grant Stewart to construct a parking lot
on Lots 23 and 24, Block 2, BDH Addition No. 3.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 6th day of October, 1954, having considered the request of S. Grant Stewart
for a Use Permit to construct a parking lot on Lots 23 and 24, Block 2 BDH Addition No. 3
and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of S. Grant Stewart
for a Use Permit to construct a parking lot on Lots 23 and 24, Block 2, BDH Addition No. 3
be approved and the inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of Bemada E. Montgomery to construct a medical
 office building on Lot 10, Block 1, Biltmore annex No. 2.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application for a Variance be approved and the following resolution adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 6th day of October, 1954, having considered the application of
Bernada E. Montgomery for a Variance to construct a medical office building on Lot 10
Block 1, Biltmore Annex #2; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application

NOW, THEREFORE It is the decision of this Board that the application of Bernada E.

Montgomery for a Variance to construct a medical office building on Lot 10, Block 1,

Biltmore Annex #2 be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Building Department reported that they were not able to get to the
Building Permits as same were locked in the safe. However, they will have a full
report by the next meeting.

At this time the Board considered the appeal of Robert Russell Wakefield, Jr., to
construct an addition to an existing dwelling to within two and a half feet of the street
line where six feet is required on property described as Lot 15, Block 7, Sunnyside
Addition, Tract No. 1, which is generally located North of Oakey Boulevard.

Commissioner Bunker moved a Public Hearing to be held on November 3.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker, voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of the Fremont Hotel, Inc., to erect a
hotel building ten stories high at the NE comer of Fremont and 2nd as approved by the
Board of Adjustment.

Mr. Jones representing the Fremont Hotel, stated that the completed plans cannot be
furnished until the Variance is obtained. However, they do plan to have a 100 car garage
in the basement and have also obtained other parking space on 2nd and Stewart.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
approved and the following resolution adopted:

10-6-54