On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was novel and carried
hat the City Attorney and City Clerk be directed to forward Mr. Godwin, Regional Director of
the PWA all information needed to date on the proposed power plant and system for the City of
Las Vegas also including application for an advance grant.

Vote Commissioner Krause, Ronnow, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

The business of City Employees paying Accident premiums each month as per Nevada Indust-
rial Commission was next brought before the Board for consideration, and on motion of Commis-
sioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that a resolution pass-
ed on the 16th day of January 1936 be rescinded. Said Resolution providing that all employees
drawing the sum of $25.00 per month or more have the sum allowed by the Nevada Industrial Commission
deducted from their salary the 15th day of each month. This sum covering hospitalization only.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett voting Aye. Com-
missioner Marble voting no. Absent Commissioner Perry.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 21st day of February, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 21st, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 21st day of February, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and
Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Report of Municipal Judge for month of January approved by the Mayor.

Attorney W.L. Scott appeared before the Board as agent for Lenora Castillo in asking
for a retail beverage license at the rear of 124 South 1st St. Said license had been denied
at a previous	meeting. After	some discussion on the matter it was still	the opinion	of the

Board that no	license for a beverage or liquor business be granted Mrs.	Castillo at	said

location until such time as the Chief of Police would approve the granting of said license
applied for. To date his approval had not been obtained.

At this	time the Board	entered into a general discussion as to the	erection of	signs

in the City of Las Vegas and	the same were effected by the City Building Code. After	 some 

discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was
moved and carried that the City Attorney and City Engineer investigate and list all signs
erected on maintained on City property. That the owners of said signs erected or maintained
on City property be notified in writing to the effect that same must be removed in five days
from receipt of notice and failing to do so the City Engineer shall have said signs removed.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow Perry and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Forms of agreement from the Standard Oil Company and the Union Oil Company for the pur-
chase of a proportionate part of the road oil required by the City of Las Vegas for the year
1938 were presented to the Board by C.D. Baker City Engineer.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Mayor sign said agreements as same were presented to the Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow, Perry and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mayor Arnett at this time made verbal application to the Board for a 60 days leave of
absence effected Feb 27th to Apr 27th, 1938.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the mayor be granted said leave of absence.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow Perry and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 28th day of February, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.