MASTER PLAN REVISION	Consideration was given to the recommendation from the Planning Commission that

Consultant Retained	Charles B. Bennett and Associates of Los Angeles be retained to assist the Planning 

	Commission and Planning Department in the preparation of a comprehensive

Master Plan. Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that proposals were
also received from Kern Engineering Company of Bakersfield, California Pacific
Planning and Research, Inc. of Sacramento, and the principals of each of the
three firms were interviewed by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and the City Manager
authorized to negotiate a contract with Charles B. Bennett and Associates for
preparation of a comprehensive Master Plan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

USE PERMIT - U-5-58	The Commission considered the application of John M. Clark for a use permit to

John M. Clark	conduct a home occupation business in his home at 236 North 18th Street, consisting 

	of the sale and installation of awnings, which will be delivered direct

to the customer from the shipping company.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission this application was approved by
the Board of Adjustment subject to the signing of an improvement agreement for
the installation of fifty feet of sidewalk, and the posting of a bond. Mr. Bills
reported that the applicant has requested a waiver of this improvement, and the
neighboring property owners have approved his application and joined him in 
requesting a waiver of the sidewalk requirements. The Planning Director stated
that a further condition was that the operation of this business be reviewed by
the License Department in one year.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were
voiced.

Mrs. John M. Clark appeared before the Board and stated that she had contacted
the other property owners in this block and none of them want to put in a
sidewalk at this time. She said that her husband's business at this location
would merely be an answering service, and she requested that the installation 
of sidewalk be waived.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be approved and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 2nd day of April 1958 having considered the
application of John M. Clark for use permit to conduct a home occupation
business in his home at 236 North 18th Street, consisting of the sale and installation 
of awnings which will be delivered direct to the customer from the
shipping company; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application Subject to the condition that the operation of this
business be reviewed by the License Department in one year;

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS THE DECISION of this Board that the application of John
M. Clark for use permit to conduct a home occupation business at 236 North 18th
Street be approved subject to the conditions as set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

USE PERMIT - U-7-58	Consideration was given to the application of Wendell Wehrman for a use permit

Wendell Wehrman	to conduct a home occupation business of lawn maintenance service from his

	home at 2032 Howard Drive (Lot 21, Block 8, Charleston Park #2) in an R-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills reported that this business will have no employees, and
the application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to the stipulation 
that the operation of the business be reviewed by the License Department
in one year. Mr. Bills further stated that all off-site improvements are completed.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for use permit be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
at a regular meeting held on the 2nd day of April, 1958 having considered the
application of Wendell Wehrman for use permit to conduct a home occupation 
business of lawn maintenance service at 2032 Howard Drive (Lot 21, Block 8, 
Charleston Park #2) in an R-l zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment 
approving this application, subject to the stipulation that the operation of the
business be reviewed by the License Department in one year;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners that the 
application of Wendell Wehrman for use permit to conduct a home occupation business at
2032 Howard Drive be approved subject to conditions as set forth by the Board of
Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

4-2-58