No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 5th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 5th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners	of	the City of Las Vegas

held on the 5th day	of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock	P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and
German City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

At this time a number of interested persons appeared be fore the Board in regard to the
opening of a mortuary on Fremont Street. This was the time Set by the Board for hearing of
protests if any.

Mr. Garrison who was desirous of opening said mortuary appeared before the Board in his
behalf as did Leo McNamee, Mr. Luce of Luce and Goodfellow, Mr. Martin, from Art Candee Co.

Mrs. Harry Anderson was present and opposed the opening of said business in said location.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Arnett it was moved	and carried that the City Clerk be directed	to write	the	Las Vegas Chamber

of Commerce and ask	for recommendation from that body as to the	district	for	locating mortuaries,

and the amending of the City Zoning Ordinance allowing mortuaries outside the Industrial
district.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner German not voting. Commissioner Down absent.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and
money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

State Cafe	1 slot machine license

Art Schreiber	7	"	"	"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and German and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 10th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 10th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and
Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. Garrison again appeared before the Board in regard to the amending of the City
Zoning Ordinance allowing mortuaries outside the Industrial District. After some discussion
on the matter Mr. Garrison was informed that the Board would consider the placing of mortuaries
in the commercial district, and set April 19th, 1935 at the time in which said amendment would
be considered.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
to donate the sum of one hundred dollars from the Publicity Fund towards the transportation of
fish from hatcheries to Boulder Dam Lake.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted. All applications being in form and money
on file with the Clerk covering the same.

L.L. Arnett	34	machines

E.P. Bihlmaier	23	machines

E.D.Ciliax	3	Machines

W.J. Lincoln	1	machine

Professional Pharmacy	2	machines'

A.H. Stevenson	1	machine

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	7	machines

J.T. Watters	3	machines

White Spot Cafe	3	machines

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that a beverage license be granted to Edward Scott at 310 No. 2nd St. Application
being in proper form and money to cover same on file with the clerk.