thence South and parallel to the center line of Maryland Parkway
to a point on the South boundary of the Catholic High School property;
thence West on said South boundary line to the intersection of the
center line of Maryland Parkway; thence South on the center line of
Maryland Parkway to the center line intersection of Maryland Parkway
and San Francisco Street, which is the true point of beginning.

PARCEL 5

Beginning at the center line intersection of 15th Street and Bracken
Avenue; thence East along the proposed center line of Bracken Avenue
to the intersection of the center section line of Section 2, Township
21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M.; thence South along the said center
section line to a point 500 feet South of the center line of Oakey
Boulevard; thence West and parallel to the center line of Oakey Blvd.
to the East boundary of Morning View Heights Tract #1; thence North
along the East boundary of Morning View Heights Tract #1 to the
center line of Oakey Blvd; thence West along the center line of Oakey
Blvd. to the Northwest comer of Mountain View Heights Tract #1;
thence South along the West boundary of said Mountain View Heights
Tract #1 to a point 500 feet South of the center line of Oakey Boulevard;
thence West and parallel to the center line of Oakey Boulevard to the
East boundary of Marycrest Estates; thence North along the East
boundary of Marycrest Estates to the intersection of the center line
of Oakey Boulevard; thence West on the center line of Oakey Boulevard
to the center line intersection of 15th Street; thence North on the
center line of 15th street to the center line intersection of Bracken
Avenue, which is the true point of beginning.

PARCEL 6

Beginning at the intersection of the alley between Walnut Avenue
and Mesquite Avenue with the center line of 25th Street; thence
North along 25th Street to a point 180 feet North of the center
line of Walnut Avenue; thence Westerly and parallel to and 180
feet North of the center line of Walnut Avenue to its intersection
with the center line of 23rd Street; thence South along the center
line of 23rd Street to its intersection with the alley between
Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue; thence Easterly along the center
line of the alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue to its
intersection with the center line of 25th Street, which is the true
point of beginning.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality
to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public
inspection and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on
Monday, the 12th day of April, 1954, at the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M., to hear and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed
in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams
and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said
notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Morning Sun,
a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas and also by posting said notices in at least three
public places near the site of said proposed work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, order,
resolutions and ordinances, inconflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate
the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific
sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one
or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance
in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future meeds of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to
raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall be come effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 31st day of March, 1954.

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye;

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp. Those voting nay;

none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that all rules of this
Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this
meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and
adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was called
with the following result: Thos voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and Mayor Baker.