OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

	

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. JANUARY 9,1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 9th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith,
W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A letter from the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce dated December 1st, 1927,
transmitting a copy of the Report of Domestic Water Supply Committee, was read, and said re-
port was also read. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried said letter and report
were ordered filed, with thanks to the Chamber of Commerce.

A report of the Street Superintendent for the year 1927, was read and ordered filed.
A Report by the Municipal Judge and a request for additional compensation was read
and ordered, filed and referred to the Finance Commissioner*

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the sum of Twenty-
five ($25.00) Dollars per month be and is hereby authorized for clerical help to City Clerk un-
til the further order of the Board, to be paid upon bills to be submitted by such clerk monthly.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Tuesday the 10th day of January, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 10, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 10th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J.

Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Proposed ordinance No.	, entitled, "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise and re-
enact Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance regu-
lating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada," and further
amending said Ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be known as Sections 21a and 21b
respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith", was
read for the first time and laid over for second reading*

Proposed ordinance No.	, entitled, "An Ordinance providing for the licensing

of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof",
was read for the first time and laid for second reading.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the sum of $1500.00
be paid on the Emergency Loan Note of 1925, held by the First State Bank, together with interest
accrued thereon; and that the City Treasurer be directed to make this payment and that the City
Clerk be authorized and directed to issue his warrant in the amount of $1552.00, to cover said