440

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITIONS FOR rent At this time His Honor read certain petitions on file with the Board requesting a
DECONTROL	public hearing to be held to determine whether or not rent in the entire Las Vegas

area should be decontrolled.



Thereafter His Honor stated that the Board would like to have time to study this
matter, and would then call for a public hearing and see that the necessary notices
for this hearing are published.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of June 16, 1949 be approved by reference

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of June 22, 1949 be approved by reference
with the following amendment, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same:

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that because of the

many applications before the Board to be considered, that
no additional applications be granted until in the op-
inion of the Board they feel the population warrants it.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of June 29, July 7, 12, 22, 26 and 28, 1949
be approved by reference and the May or and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1063, 1065, 1066, and 1067 in the

	net sum of $30,286.98 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIANCE NO. 73 At this time His Honor read a letter of recommendation from the Regional Planning Com-
Grant Stewart	mission under date of August 4, 1949 relative to the request of Grant Stewart for per-

	mission to use Lots 25-26, Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No,3 as "Cl"

Neighborhood Commercial instead of Residence Zone "Rl".

Therafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Com-
mission be approved and that Zone Variance Case No. 73 be allowed subject to the
conditions set forth by the Regional Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LOT COVERAGE	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning

C. F. Hamilton	Commission as contained in their letter of August 4, 1949, Mr. C. F. Hamilton, Lot1,

Block 2, Stewart Addition be granted permission to build two additional units on this
property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SIDEWALK RELOCATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that consideration of the recommendation of the Regional

Charleston Square	Planning Commission dated August 4, 1949 relative to the relocation of sidewalk in

No. 3	Charleston Square No. 3 be deferred until further study can be made.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner	Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;,

ISSUANCE OF BUILDING Commissioner Whipple moved that	the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

PERMITS	dated August 4, 1949 requesting	that no further building permits be issued in the NE 1/4

of Section 28 T. 20 S., R. 61 E. until a pattern for streets and easements is submitted

to the City, be approved.

	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried BY THE following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS	Reports for the month of July, 1949 received from the Electrical, Plumbing, Animal Wel-

	fare, Building, Cemetery and Fire Departments were ordered filed.

$350,000 SEWAGE PLANT Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the foregoing resolution:
PURCHASE - Bond Issue

RESOLUTION NO. 150	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, at an election duly called and held on the 6th day of May, 1947, the
qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas authorized the issuance of bonds in the
amount of $350,000.00 to finance the purchase of a sewer system and its extension and
improvement; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined, and does hereby determine,
that said bonds should be offered at public sale.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA: