testing this Use Permit had been filed.

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Catholic School
Building

Maryland Parkway between
Oakey and Canosa
U-71-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Robert W. Becker
Approved
V-83-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
H.K. & Florence Trout
Approved
V-84-53

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on this Use Permit application for the

Presbyterian Church be held January 6, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none/

Mr. Herb Jones, representing the Presbyterian Church in its application was present and accepted
the date set for this public hearing.

The recommendation of the City Planning Commission and the application of Bishop Robert J. Dwyer
for permission for the construction of a school building on property 46,000 square feet in area,
generally located on Maryland Parkway between Oakey and Canosa, was presented for consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the
following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 12th day of November, 1953, Bishop Robert J. Dwyer filed an application
with the City Planning Commission for Use Permit to construct and maintain a building for
school purposes on property 46,000 square feet in area on Maryland Parkway between Oakey
Boulevard and Canosa Avenue in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 24, 1953, the City Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for Use Permit; and

WHEREAS, on November 24, 1953; the City Planning Commission voted to recommend that this
application be approved inasmuch as they felt that this use would be inkeeping with good planning
principles and would not be detrimental to property values in this area; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 25; 1953;
recommending that such Use Permit be approved.	

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the City Planning Commission that the
application of Bishop Robert J. Dwyer to construct and maintain a building for school purposes on
property 46,000 square feet in area on Maryland Parkway between Oakey Boulevard and Canosa Avenue
in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission on the application of Robert W.
Becker for permission to allow a wholesale-retail barber and beauty shop at 1734 South Main Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 3rd day of November, 1953; Robert W. Becker filed an application with the
Planning Commission for variance to lease to a tenant at 1734 South Main Street for his use as a wh
wholesale retail barber and beauty supply business which in a C-2 (General Commercial) Use
District; and

WHEREAS, on November 24, 1953 the Planning Commission held a public hearing on this application
for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting the
granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 24, 1953, the Planning Commission voted to approve the application inas-
much as they felt that this use would not be detrimental to surrounding property values in this
vicinity; and 

WHEREAS, on November 28, 1953 such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners
recommending that such variance be granted.



NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED the recommendation of the Planning Commission that Robert W.
Becker be granted a variance to lease to a tenant at 1734 South Main Street for his use as a whole-
sale retail barber and beauty supply business which is in a C-2 (General Commercial) Use District
be, and the same is, hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not Voting:	Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of H.K. and Florence Trout for variance to construct
apartments in accordance with R-3 regulations on Lot 20, Block 1 of Mayfair Tract No. 1, being
137 South 15th Street.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the
following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 4th day of November, 1953, H.K. and Florence Trout filed an application
with the Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain apartments in accordance with
a R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District regulations located at 137 South 15th Street on Lot 20,

Block 1 Mayfair Tract No. 1; and

WHEREAS, on November 2b, 1953; the Planning Commission held a public hearing on this application
for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting the
granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 24, 1953; the Planning Commission voted to approve the application
inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to the surrounding properties;
and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November 25, 1953; recom-
mending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission that H.K. and
Florence Trout be granted a variance to construct and maintain apartments in accordance with an
R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District regulations located at 137 South 15th Street on Lot 20, Block 1
of Mayfair Tract No. 1, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.