SALARY RAISES     Commissioner Bates moved that the salary Of helpers and laborers on garbage
GARBAGE DEPARTMENT trucks be raised from $160.00 a month to $175.00 a month. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GRIFFITH BUILDING  Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Bates write a letter to R. B.
NOTIFICATION	Griffith calling his attention to the fact that the time has elapsed for making

certain corrections that he was to make on the building at 2nd and Fremont Streets
and that in said letter Mr. Griffith be advised that unless steps are taken
immediately to make these corrections, the ordinance will be enforced. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

AL DREW	 	Commissioner Clark moved that approval of the claim of Al Drew in the sum of

CLAIM	$36.25 covering expenses incurred while attending a chapter meeting of

Electrical Engineers and Inspectors at Long Beach. Itemized statements were
attached to said claim. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

BOB ELSER  	Commissioner Clark moved that Bob Elser, Plumbing Inspector, be granted a

VACATION	 	vacation with pay beginning August the 16th and ending August 31st. Motion

GRANTED	 	seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, 

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until Friday, August the 6th

at the hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 6, 1943

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
6th day of August, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W.

Cragin at the hour of 2:45 P.M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin;

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; City Auditor, Mac Cazier and City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the previous meeting of August
the 2nd be xx corrected to show that Commissioner Smith voted "No" on the
matter relating to Virginia Mitchell's check, instead of "Yes" as appears
therein. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

PUBLIC LIBRARY   Commissioner Smith moved that, due to past plans that the old City Hall be

converted into a public library in its entirety when vacated by the Medical
Department, this proposed move be complied with and that necessary recondition-
ing of the quarters will be carried on as rapidly as possible as soon as the
Medical Department vacates. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SALARY	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that Don Borax be paid his full salary and that

DON BORAX	a letter be written to the Nevada Industrial Commission at Carson City 

instructing them to pay to the City of Las Vegas any compensation due Don Borax.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

NEVADA INDUSTRIAL   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be instructed to write to the

COMMISSION	Nevada Industrial Commission, instructing them that whenever compensation is

due any employee of the City of Las Vegas that the check be made payable to
the City of Las Vegas instead of to the employee and that the employee will
be given his full salary from the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.



VOLUNTEER FIRE     Commissioner Corradetti moved that compensation to take care of all the clothing of

DEPARTMENT	the Volunteer Fire Department damaged while in the line of duty be taken care of by an

allowance of $25.00 a month. The first month to be in the sum of $50.00
starting on the 4th day of August, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.