OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 1st, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of November, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy;
and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of previous sessions read and approved. All claims allowed as shown in
Claims and Warrants Register on file in the Office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered filed.

On account of the absence of Police and Fire Commissioner Roy Neagle, His Honor,
the Mayor, appointed Commissioner O. J. Smith to audit Police and Fire Department claims.

This being the time set for the opening of sealed bids on Las Vegas Highway Bonds, His
Honor, the Mayor, ordered the Clerk to open all bids received by said Clerk, whereupon the
Clerk opened and read to the Board the sealed bid of the First State Bank, Inc., of the
City of Las Vegas, said bid reading as follows:-

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 30, 1928.

Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the letter of Mr. William L. Scott, City Clerk of Las Vegas,

Nevada, under date of October 26th, 1928.

For your three (5) Las Vegas Highway Bonds, Series 1928, in the amount of $1,000.00
each, bearing interest at the rate of 6% per annum payable semi annually, dated July 1, 1928,
maturing July 1, 1947, being bearer bonds, we will pay par plus accrued interest to date of
delivery. Ten days to be allowed for examination of transcript by our attorney, after it
is delivered to us by you.

We enclose herein our Cashier's Check for $150.00 which is to be used as part payment
for the bonds, if our bid is accepted, otherwise it is to be returned to us.

Yours very truly,

C. S. Wengert

W/H	CASHIER.	"

this bid being the only one received. It appearing to the Board that said bid of said
First State Bank is the highest and best bid received, it was ordered, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried that said bid of said First State Bank be, and it is hereby
accepted, the vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys collected
by the City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector for licenses, fines and fees
respectively. totaling $3710.00 , be apportioned as follows:- to the General Fund the
sum of $1466.80; to the Police and Fire Fund the sum of $2200.20; to the Water, Sewer and
Light Fund the sum of $43.00.

Upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
resolution was adopted: BE IT RESOLVED that the Street Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas
be authorized to collect from owners of property on North Main Street for the improvement
of the 16 feet on each side of the 18 ft. strip of oil bound gravel to be constructed by
the Highway Department of the State of Nevada, the estimated amount of the cost of such
paving in front of their respective parcels of land. BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the
moneys collected from the owners of property abutting on Main Street be deposited with
the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas	in	a fund to be known	as the "Main Street

Special Improvement Fund", the same to	be paid	out	upon the order	of the Board of Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, and that the	cost	of	the	street intersections of such improvement

be paid out of the General Fund of the	City	of	Las	Vegas, if such	fund is not otherwise

previously appropriated. The vote on the foregoing resolution was as follows: Commissioners
O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon a recess was declared until Thursday the eighth day of November, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.