GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Tinch moved that the following gaming applications

Renewals	be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried 

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

New Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Smith Root Beer Stand	311 Stewart	2 "	"

Overland Hotel 	4 Fremont	2 "	"

Silver State Serv.	Sta.	5th	& Fremont	1	"	"

De Luxe Sandwich Shop	125	S. 2nd	2	"	"

Jack Pot	114	Fremont	12	"	"

1 poker, p pan, 1 penny roulette, 14 chairs; 3 dice games,

1 roulette, 1 crap game, 1 21.

Esquire Bar	18 S. 2nd	3	slot	machines	

Fremont Arcade	105 Fremont	1	21

Horse Shoe Cafe	117 N. 1st	1	slot	machine

Modern Food Shop	315 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Verna's Grill	121	S. 5th	1	"	"

Johnson’s Grocery	630	S. 5th	1	"	"

Boulder Drug Co.	121	Fremont	3	"	"

Mae’s 1st Market	624	S. 1st	1	"	"	

Boulder Club, Incl, 118 E. Fremont 10 "	"	

1 poker, 1 pan, 1 big wheel; 3 21; 3 roulette; 2 craps;	

1 faro, Race Horse Keno. 1 Keno - 100 chairs.

JOSIE	DONDICH	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the application of Josie Dondich

	Importer's	for an Importers Beverage-Liquor License be approved. Motion

license	seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

 F.	B.	MARTINEZ	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the application of F. B. Martinez

Retail Beverage	for a retail beverage license	be denied Motion seconded by

License	Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

R.	K.	MILLER 	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the application of R. K. Miller for

Slot machines	a slot machine license at the	G. & G. Cafe, 125½

 S. 1st and at the

Victory Sandwich Shop at 116 S. 1st be allowed. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

DICK GARD	The application of Dick Gard for a rummy game was not considered

Rummy	as there is no provision in the ordinance covering such game.

GEORGE MILLER	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of George Miller

Gaming	for a slot machine license at Main & Charleston be granted. Motion	

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the followng vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

JACK WEISBERGER	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Jack Weisberger

Gaming	for 2 slot machines at 1503 South 5th Street be granted. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BELVEDERE GARDENS	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Jay Robb for a

Gaming	slot machine license at H. & Harrison be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BROWN DERBY CAFE	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the application of P. L. Jefferson

Gaming	for a slot machine license at	329 Monroe Street, Westside be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following,
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LOIS FISHER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Lois Fisher be hired as a deputy	in

Clerk’s	office	the office of the city clerk	to begin as of October 16th, 1942.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the followig vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SALARIES - Clerical	Commissioner Tinch moved that the motion heretofore made as of Oct.

6th regarding salaries for clerical help be rescinded and that clerk’s
or stenographers in the city clerk's office be paid $140 per month
beginning as of October 16th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

 TOMMY UNDERHILL	Commissioner Tinch moved that Tommy Underhill be reinstated in the

Reinstatement	police department until he enters the army. Motion died for want of 

a second.	

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until November 4th, 1942 at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.