Las Vegas, Nevada
August 3, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 3rd day of August, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of the denial of the
application of Mrs. Billy Wallace for a permit to convert an existing dwelling into
an office for a physician and provide parking on property situated at 1100 E. San
Francisco Street (Lot 21, Block 1, Van Patten Tract No. 1 and Lot 22, Block 1,

Van Patten Tract No. 2), the matter was considered by the Board. This application
was denied by the Board of Adjustment on June 23, 1955, because of protests of
property owners and residents and because the property was converted into an
physician's office prior to any official approval. Appeal of this decision was
filed by Dr. Wallace on June 27, 1955.

Mr. Joe Foley, representing Dr. and Mrs. Wallace appeared before the Board at this
time, stated that due to Mrs. Wallace's being ill and in a hospital in Loma Linda,
the Wallaces were unable to be present. He said that there were approximately 20
persons residing within 300 feet of the area in question, and that he had signatures
of 17 people favoring the granting of this use permit.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the granting of this use permit.

Mrs. Lee Payne, 2204 Beverly Way, stated that she felt the neighbors would not object
to one doctor practicing at this location but that they did not want a clinic to be
held there. Mr. Foley said that it was intended only for Dr. Wallace's office. Mrs.
Payne said that they were willing to withdraw their objections if only Dr. Wallace
uses the office.

City Attorney Howard Cannon said that the application was for a doctor's office
and that it could not be turned into a clinic or hospital type use without being
brought before the Board for a change. However, it could not be limited to Dr. Wallace's
use but could be used by any doctor.

Mr. Foley asked Mrs. Payne how far away her home was. She stated that it was less
than 200 feet and that the office was visible from her back yard.

Mayor Baker stated that property on San Francisco Street had been rezoned R-4.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the use permit be issued to Mrs. Billy
Wallace for use of one doctor's office, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 3rd day of August, 1955; having considered the application of
Mrs. Billy Wallace for a use permit to convert an existing dwelling into an office for
a physician and provide parking on property situated at 1100 E. San Francisco Street
(Lot 21, Block 1, Van Patten Tract No. 1 and Lot 22, Block 1, Van Patten Tract No. 2);
and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application,

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mrs. Billy
Wallace for a use permit to convert an existing dwelling into an office for a physician
and provide parking on property situated at 1100 E. San Francisco Street (Lot 21, Block
1, Van Patten Tract No. 1 and Lot 22, Block 1, Van Patten Tract No. 2) be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the following applications for new restaurant beverage
licenses for the third quarter of 1955 be approved:

CAFE EL TORO	W. Howard Adams	504 Jackson

BAGDAD INN	Martin Van Londen	2211 South 5th

FOXY'S	Abe Fox	2423 South 5th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

8-3-55

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Mrs. B. Wallace

U-22-55