PETITION FOR
ANNEXATION

WATER SOFTENER FOR
POLICE DEPT
Bid Date Set



SEWER IMPROVEMENT
PROGRAM

Bids on Schedule D
Award Deferred

SEWAGE PUMPING PLANT
Bid Award
deferred

MC NEIL TRACT No. 3
Bond Reduced



REALIGNMENT OF
MADISON AVENUE



BLEACHERS FOR CITY
RECREATION CENTER
Bid Date Set

ERECTION OF CANOPY
4th & Fremont

At this time a petition signed by Albert Good, David A. Messing, Max Goot, George C. Altman,
Milton Siegel, H. M. Greenspun, Phyllis G. Letts and M. M. Zenoff for annexation of the
following described property was presented to the Board:

SE¼

 of Section 6, T21S, R61E, MDB&M

The Board was informed that this property is located in the Town of Winchester. Commissioner
Bunker moved this petition be referred to the Clark County Board of Commissioners for their
consent to allow this property to be annexed by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer George Wade requested that the Board set an opening date to receive bids
for a Water Softener for the Police Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved that bids be opened for a Water Softener for the Police Department
on September 1, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

George Wade, City Engineer recommended that the award of bids on Schedule D of the Sewer
Improvement Program be deferred at this time

Commissioner Bunker moved that the award of bid on Schedule D of the Sewer Improvement
Program be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

 City Engineer, George Wade, recommended that the award of bids on the Sewage Pumping Plant
be deferred at this time. The Board accepted this recommendation

City Engineer, George Wade, reported that McNeil Tract No. 3 has requested reduction
of the Performance Bond on this Tract from $75,961.60 to $59,656.52. Mr. Wade advised
that the latter figure was based on the actual contract price that has been obtained for
the installation of the required improvements in this subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that upon the recommendation of the City Engineer
the Bond of McNeil Tract No. 3 be reduced from $75,961.60 to $59,656.52 on the
condition that copies of the contracts this Subdivider has for the installation of
improvements be furnished the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, the City is desirous of securing certain rights of way for the realignment of
Madison Avenue; and

WHEREAS, it is necessary to convey City street right of way to individuals who own
property in this area.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to take the
proper steps for that portion of Madison Avenue that is necessary to be obtained for
realignment of Madison Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

The City Engineer requested a bid opening date be set for the furnishing of folding and
moveable bleachers for the City Recreation center.

Commissioner Bunker moved that these bids be received on September 1, 1954, at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer George Wade recommended the approval of the erection of a temporary
canopy for pedestrian protection in the area where the building is noe under construction
at 4th and Fremont. This is the location of the Wollman Hotel on the southwest comer.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and the
request for erection of temporary canopy at this location approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

8-18-54