CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 20TH, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas nevada held on the 20th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, Thomas together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

The following letter was read to the Board.

Las Vegas Nevada,

January 17th, 1930.

Hon. Board of Commissioners:

At the request of Mr. R. W. Thomas, I herewith submit my report 
regarding the new American LaFrance fire apparatus.

I have checked over the apparatus and find it complies in every way with the specifications
 in every respect and further find that all tools and extras are with the truck.

In addition to reading the report of the Board of Fire Underwriters I personally watched the
truck in operation, having ordered it connected to a fire plug and pumped, therefore, ask that
your honorable body accept the apparatus at once in order that it may be turned over to us
for practice and instruction.

Very Truly yours,

H. Case.

Fire Chief.

An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 138 of the City of Las Vegas , entitled: "An Or-
dinance creating the office of City Electrical Inspector, and prescribing his duties,
creating and establishing the Bureau of Electrical Inspection and defining the duties,
and power of said Bureau, providing for the issuance of permits for installing electrical
construction and fixing the fees thereof; regulating that installation of electrical con-
struction, maintenance and repairs of electrical wiring, apparatus, or equipment for heat
light or power, within, upon or attached, to buildings, structures, lots or premises within
the City of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance," by add-
ing thereto the following sections, viz; Sections xla, Xlb, Xlc, Xld, Xle, Xlf, Xlg, Xlh,
and Xli, was read to the Board for a first tine, and laid over for a second reading.

An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and
connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, and creat-
ing an examination board, and providing a penalty for a violation thereof," was road to the
Board for a first time, and aid over for a second reading.

F. C. Devinney ex-officio Assessor of the City Las Vegas filed with Board an Ass-
essment roll covering the property in Assessment No. 1 for the improvement for construct-
ion of Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Gutter and rough grading, which roll was certi-
fied by such Ex-officio City Assessor, and upon motion duly made seconded and carried
the Clerk was directed to have a notice calling for protests on such assessment in the
form presented to the meeting published for two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, setting the date for hear-
ing protests and to review said assessment for the 7th day of February 1930 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of said Board.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

C.	Devinney, Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas filed with the Board
an assessment roll covering the property assessment District No. 2 for the improvement for
the grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete pavement Durtie Process which roll
was certified by such Ex-officio City Assessor, and upon motion duly made seconded and
carried the Clerk was directed to have a notice calling for protests an such assessment
in the form presented to the meeting published for two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Re-
view Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, setting the date for the
hearing of protests and to review said assessment for the 7th day of February 1930 at the
hour of 3 o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of said Board.

the vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday the 23rd day of January 1950 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 23rd 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 23rd day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Minutes of meetings of January 17th and 20th 1930 read and approved as read.