At this time the members of the Board entered i to a discussion as to the financial
condition of the City of Las Vegas. A chart prepared by A.W.Blackman was presented to the Board
for its inspection, showing the expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the years 1929 to
1933 to date inclusive.

The Clerk was directed by L.L. Arnett Finance Commission to transfer all the monies
remaining in the Las Vegas Boulder Dam Highway Fund and the 8th to 12th St. Fund to the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas. The improvements that these funds covered having been made and
all out standing bills against the said funds being paid.

The improvement of Stewart Street from Main to Fifth Street was next brought before
he Board for consideration. Under the supervision of J.P. King Sutp. of Streets said street
to be improved and paid for by the City of Las Vegas exclusive of the curbs on privately owned
property. The cost of said improvement be to about $4,000.00.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that he sum of $4,000.00 be transferred from the General Fund to the Street Fund, and
the said amount to be set aside by that Department for the improvement of Stewart Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 14th day of November 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 14th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners, Mundy,
Arnett and Down and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin and the City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that the slot machine licenses be granted to L.L Arnett and John Graglia, and four to J.T.
Matters. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. noes none.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion on the improving of Stewart Street,
and other matters of interest to the City of Las Vegas, but no action was taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 17th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 17th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 17th day of November 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Mundy, Ger-
man, and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what condition
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise