To The Honorable Mayor, W.C. German,

and the Board of City Commissioners.

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to your request, I hand you herewith, estimates
as to the cost of auditing the city books from January first 1917
to December thirty-first 1922, both dates inclusive.

CASH AUDIT

The cost of the above named method of audit has been es-
timated by me to be $300.00, for the period above mentioned, and would
consist of an audit of the Cash Receipts from the various sources
of collection, the remittances made to the City Treasurer, and the
Receipts and Disbursements made by the City Treasurer, and in ad-
dition the allocation of the Receipts to the various Fund accounts.

DETAILED AUDIT

The cost of the above mentioned audit has been estimated
be me to be $550.00. It would include all the various checks
mentioned above under the heading "Cash Audit" and in addition a study
of the City Charter to ascertain whether or not the Charter re-
quirements had been complied with; an examination of the Minutes of
the meetings of the City Commissioners and also an examination of
the Ordinances passed relating to the collection of revenues. It
would also include constructive suggestions for the improvement of
the present methods of accounting for City Revenues and criticism
of the methods how in use.

Respectfully submitted,

A.E. Harrington.

At this time, it appearing to the Board that the condition of funds will not permit of
the expenditure of any sum for audit at the present time, it was ordered, on motion of Com-
missioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the matter be laid on the table

until the next regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 7th day of August, 1923.

At this time the question of an appropriation for the benefit of the American Legion
coming again before the Board, it was ordered, after due consideration, oh motion of Com-
missioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the matter be laid on the table

indefinitely, or until the Board can obtain more information on the subject. Voting Commissioners 

Anderson, Arnold, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none. 

The subject of the construction of a federal Aid Highway through the City of Las Vegas
was laid over for further discussion until an adjourned meeting to be held on the 11th day
of July, 1923, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M., at which Division Engineer C.C. 

Boyer was requested to be present.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 101 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An Ordinance
Providing for a City Pound; Appointment of a Pound Master and Deputy Pound Master: Providing
Rules and Regulations for the Government of Same: Prohibiting Animals Running at Large With-
in the City and Providing for the Custody and Bale of Same and Matters Relating Thereto:
Fixing the Fees to be charged by the Pound Master, His Salary and His Duties: Fixing a Pen-
alty for the Violation of Any of the Provisions hereof, and Repealing All Ordinances or parts
in Conflict Herewith, and Specifically Repealing Ordinance No. 5 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled 'An Ordinance to Prohibit Stock Running at Large', was read for the second time,
and on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, it was ordered that
said Ordinance be and the same is hereby adopted to become effective after its publication
for one week in the Las Vegas Age. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield and Elwell,
and His honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the discussion of the communication of J.T. McWilliams, relative to the
establishment of sidewalk grades, which had been laid over at the previous meeting of the
Board, was again taken up. After due consideration, it was ordered on motion of Commissioner
Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the matter belaid on the table indefinitely,
or until a request is made for the establishment of such grades by the owners of abutting
property, either in person or in writing. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a Gaming License