Such Proclamation shall be published in full once each week for three consecutive weeks
in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and circulated in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time a number of citizens residing on North Fifth Street and in the vicinity of
what is known as "The Old Ranch" appeared before the board in regard to securing lights and
street improvements for that district.

No definite cation was taken at this time as the city is not financially able to able
to undertake any improvement programmes at this time.

Mr. Fellows of the Southern Nevada Oil Co. appeared before the Board in regard to the capacity
 of tanks for the storage of distillate.

The City Clerk was directed to write the Board of Fire Underwriters in San Francisco and
secure a ruling from that body before the granting of a permit for the storage of distillate
right be considered.

The securing of funds for the financing of the erection of a new school building was next
discussed, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the follow-
ing Preamble and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, on May 14th, 1934, by reason of a fire, the children attending the Las Vegas
Grammar School were deprived of suitable quarters within which to be housed, and

WHEREAS, since that date school has been held in tents, 10 in number, in order to educate
the children of Las Vegas Grammar School District No. 12; that in said tents there are now being
housed approximately 450 children of said district, and

WHEREAS, the housing of said children within said tents is highly detrimental to the health
of said children and the instructors therein and has proven extremely hazardous to the vision
and eyesight in general of said pupils and teachers, and,

WHEREAS, the governing board of Las Vegas Union School District acting on behalf of the
Grammar School District No. 12, has heretofore made application for a loan and grant (Docket
#1011) to erect suitable buildings for school purposes, which said loan and grant has been
approved by the St te Planning Board and the State PWA, and,

WHEREAS, the people and citizens of said School District, almost to a unit, are desirous
and demanding that suitable quarters be built to house said children for school purposes and it
is the opinion of the citizens of this community that the said building is a necessary and vital
to the health and public welfare of this community,:

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED: That the application for PWA funds heretofore made and
approved be given the preferential place and that the loan and grant heretofore applied for be
approved, and that funds be made available immediately for the construction of said buildings,
and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to our Senators and
Representative in Congress and to the Acting State Director of PWA.

VOTE was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The appointment of one of the members of the Board of City Commissioners to the Sub-
Planning Board was brought before the Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner

Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that H.P. Marble be appointed
to act on the Sub-Planning Board as a representative of the Board of City Commissioners.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward end His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Commissioner Marble No.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that all slot
machine and gaming licenses presented to the Board at this time be granted for the fourth quarter
year. All applications being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the
same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down the following liquor and
beverage license applications were granted:

Patrick Cline, detail beverage 5½% 125 Fremont St.

Patrick Cline, sealed Package liquor license, 125 Fremont St.

Walter Argyle, Tavern license, 104 No. 1st St.

Sal Sagev Tavern Inc;, Tavern license 1 Fremont St.

Sam Mikulich, Sealed package liquor license, 950 Fremont St.

Leona Malan and Edna Lewis, retail beverage 5½%. The Patio, Fremont at 24th St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At the direction of the Mayor the City Clerk opened all bids received by the Board of Com-
missioners for the purchase of a car to be used by the Police Dept. Bids being received from
Jas. H. Down, Desert Chevrolet Co; A.C. Grant, W.N. Connell. After some discussion on the buy-
ing of said car it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it
moved that the bids be referred to Commissioner Ward, Police and Fire Commissioner for consid-
eration.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following letter received by Mayor Arnett and read to the Board at this time
be entered in the minutes of this meeting:

Southern Nevada Power Company
Las Vegas, Nevada,

September 26, 1935.

Honorable L.L. Arnett
Mayor City of Las Vegas
Las Vegas, Nevada.