The work is thrown open to competitive bidding, and every contractor is required
to bid on the same basis. In addition to the above, we furnish our own corps of inspectors.
The material is first throughly analyzed by our laboratory to find out if it is suitable
for use in the pavement. We furnish a man to stay at the asphalt plant to see that these
materials are put in in the proper proportions, and that they are sufficiently mixed.
Another man is placed on the pavement to see that it is properly laid, rolled and finished.
We keep these men from year to year and they are thoroughly trained and experienced in
their work. This is done as a protection to ourselves and to you. Our future reputation
depends upon the goodness of the work which we now do, and we cannot take a chance of any
of it going wrong. It is a protection to you, because with such care there is a chance
for a much better job.

I earnestly hope that at the next meeting of your Board you will again give this
matter consideration, and ask that the Highway Department proceed with the laying of
WILLITE. I understand that the plans are all drawn for this work, that the specifications

will be approved by the Government as soon as presented and that there will be no delay.

Certainly if there is any doubt in your mind of the value of this pavement
there must be likewise the same doubt of the value of any other. You cannot hope to get
your minds clear about the proposition while listening to the talk of "high-powered"
paving salesman.

I would suggest that, if you cannot do any better you come over here and look
at the different types that have been in use for a considerable period of time.

I want to give you the personal assurance that if WILLITE is laid in Las Vegas
I will use my best efforts to personally see to it that it is a job of which we may all
be proud.

Very truly yours,

0.	C. Cotterell____________

CCC-m	Chief Engineer

Dr. Roy W. Martin
Las Vegas, Nev.

Dear Dr. Martin:

I returned yesterday from Carson City where bids were opened for the paving
in Las Vegas. The low bidder was Christiansen and Costello of Palo Alto. They bid on both
open specifications and Willite, and in each instance were lower than anyone else. The
difference between their bids on these two types of pavement was something like twenty-one
hundred dollars.

On account of the method of financing this project and because the City
of Las Vegas pays a considerable share of its cost, it was decided to refer the matter
to your board of City Commissioners in order to get your views.

I do not intend to endeavor to transmit to you any of the opinions or
actions of the Highway Department. They will undoubtedly do that themselves. I can say
however, that all members of the department were very favorably inclined toward Willite.

I am not exactly clear as to the exact method of financing this project
but do know that the Federal Government has reached their limit of participation, and
consequently, cannot share in this difference. They also have a policy with respect to
this, the same as with respect to preliminary survey and rights-of-way, which, had they
not reached this limit, would preclude their participating.

In my opinion it therefore, comes down to a proposition of either the
City or State paying this difference; that is of course, if you would like to see
Willite laid in Las Vegas. It seems therefore, that your City Commissioners can do one
of three things:

First: Ask the Highway Department to adopt open specifications.

Second: Ask the Highway Department to adopt Willite and assure them that
the City of Las Vegas will pay the difference in cost.

Third: Ask the Highway Department to select Willite, and for them to
pay the difference in cost.

We do not claim that our pavement is the cheaper-- We know it is the best.

Much has been said in Las Vegas about the merits of Willite. I have
endovered in every possible manner to convince your people of its merits.

We have contracts now under way in many of the largest cities throughout
the country; notably, Chicago, St. Louis, Oklahoma City, Dallas Texas, and elsewhere.

These people first made a through study of the pavement which has been laid in other
places before they selected Willite. We have pavement which has been laid longer than
five years, and which today are in excellent condition; in fact, so much that you would
not believe that they had been laid for such a period of time. Willite costs more than
open specifications because there is more to it in the first place, and additional of
construction is used, and in the second place there is a right inspection that insures
its being laid in the best possible manner. The addition of copper sulphate gives an
absolute assurance against rutting and waving, which you know to be so prevalent in many
of the black type pavements. It gives an additional strength of from 50 to 200%—it
prevents "bleeding" in the hot summer weather, and makes the pavement less susceptible
to skidding.

The difference in cost between the two types for which bids were received
is only about 3% when you consider the total bid price. Certainly if we can do these things
to a pavement, that difference in cost is negligible.

Personally, I believe if your City cannot find its way clear to pay this
additional cost, that the Highway Dept. would do it if you would indicate to them that you
are unable to pay the difference and ask them to do it.

I would very much appreciate anything which you might be able to do to get
this paving made Willite. I know that you will make no mistakes that you will have the
assurance of a first class job, and that you will be insured against rutting and waving
and the other things which our process eliminates.