1-8-58

Motion seconded, by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote; 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NEVADA SOUTHERN	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that he has given Bob Boos permission to

UNIVERSITY	teach a class in Public Administration at Nevada Southern University.

Public Administration
Class

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Mr. Kennedy stated that the ordinance concerning off-street parking in an R-4

CHANGE	zone should be changed to eliminate the problem of apartment houses being built

R-4 Zones	designating parking	that never becomes parking and the actual fact that a 10-

	unit apartment with	parking facilities cannot be built on a 7000 foot lot.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and an amendment to the ordinance prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

BUDGET MEETING SET	The City Manager advised the Board that he would like to meet with them prior

to January 15th to discuss the forthcoming Budget. It was determined that this
meeting should be held January 14th at 7:30 P.M.

IMPROVEMENT	DISTRICT	Discussion was held	on the petition of property owners for the installation of

Boulder Dam	Homesite	sewer along Lots 17	through 22 and Lots 37 and 38 of Block 6, Boulder Dam 

Block	Homesite #4.



Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be directed to prepare the plans, 
diagrams and estimates of cost for this Improvement District, and the following
resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has
been and still is without adequate sewers and sewerage facilities; and

WHEREAS, numerous oral requests have been made for the installation of
a sanitary sewer system in Boulder Dam Homesite Tract No. 4; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is desirous
that the citizens of the above described area have the advantage of a sanitary
sewer system; and

WHEREAS, it appears that a sanitary sewer system can be installed in the
alley hereinafter described.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 8th day of January, 1958,
that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the
City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the work, and locality to be improved, 
together with estimates of cost for the installation of a sanitary sewer system in
that certain alley hereinafter described, to-wit: The alley between Stewart

Avenue and Marlin Avenue commencing at 25th Street and extending west a distance
of 294 feet, to serve Lots 15 to 24 and 31 to 38 in Block 6, Boulder Dam 
Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CONFERENCE OF MAYORS       Commissioner Whipple moved the City of Las Vegas make application for membership
	in the Conference of Mayors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, S harp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mayor Baker suggested that this meeting be adjourned in honor of Mrs. C.P. "Mom"
Squires, who is celebrating her 90th birthday today.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:15 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED: