OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 8th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of February 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Marble, and
German, Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Arnett and Down.

At this time a number of Boy Scouts of American sat with the Board and filling the chairs
of the various member. This was in accordance with the celebration of "Boy Scouts of America"
week, and the same policy being carried on in numerous other cities of the United States to-day.

Seated with the Commissioners and filling the City offices were the following.:

James Reeves, as Mayor, Harold Friedman, Commissioner of Police and Fire, Francis Little, Water
Sewer and Light Commissioner, Hard Earl, Street Commissioner, Jack Petititti, Fiance Commission-
er, Achie Wasden, City Clerk, Buland Barnett, City Attorney Depty City Clerk Steven James,

Deputy City Attorney Jonathan Lodwick, Street Supt. Bill Francis, City Engineer Mark Murray,
Electrical Insp. Harold Haas, Supt. Garbage Disposal Wm. Chant.

At this time the minutes of the meetings of the Board held from Oct. 4th, 1934 to January
14th 1935 were read and approved as read.

At this time the members of the Board of Commissioners pro tem and the regular Board
discussed the City government and it various divisions.

Upon motion of Acting Commissioner Earl seconded by acting Commissioner Francis Little it
was moved and carried that the meeting recess until Thursday the 21st day of February, 1935
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote was as follows, Acting Commissioners Earl Little, Petitti, and Freidman, and His Honor
the Mayor James Reeves voting aye. Noes none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 21st, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on Thursday the 21st day of February 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Marble, and Down
together with the Deputy City Attorney Geo. Marshall, and City Clerk, Viola Burns.

Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Arnett and City Attorney Henderson.

Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board in regard to the City entering into a public works
programme in the form of a municipal golf course for the City of Las Vegas. After some discussion
on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the City enter into such a programme with the N.E.R.A. if the cost of materials and
the ground to be used could be secured without too much expense to the City.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes

none.

Thereupon Mayor Pro Tem German appointed the following committee to investigate the matter
and report to the Board at its	next	regular recessed meeting	to be held on	Monday the 25th of

February, 1935 at the hour of seven	thirty o'clock P.M.

Committee composed of the following J.P. King, A.R.Thompson, W.S. Park, A.C.Grant and J.N.
Jefferies.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
5½% beverage licenses be granted to J.W. Jacobus 20 Stewart St. and to Carl Ray 421 Fremont St;
Applications being in proper form and money in file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting
Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner	Down	seconded by Commissioner	Marble it was	moved and carried that

a tavern license for 104 North	1st St. be grant J.H. Morgan.	Application being in proper form	and

money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

L.L. Arnett	2 machines

Carl Ray	2	"

W.C.Christian	1	"

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye.

Noes none.

H. Case, Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Dept appeared before the Board in regard to the City
having a fire marshall, and the salary for such officer.

After some discussion the Board took the matter under advisement.