WESTERN AIR LEASE	Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed lease between the city of

rejected.	Las Vegas and the Western Air Express be rejected. Motion seconded	 

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

bids	Commissioner Smith moved that advertising be placed in the Las Vegas-

Evening Review Journal running for a period of 10 days notifying
interested parties that the Board of City Commissioners will be glad to open 

negotiations with them on or before January 16th, 1943 for a
lease of the coffee shop and other concessions in the Municipal Airport
Administration Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITOR	Commissioner Tinch moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to

hire an auditor covering the period from now until the 1st of the year 

if necessary. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch asked to be excused at this time.

It was the opinion of the Board of City Commissioners that a latter	

should be written to Governor Carville requesting that the license plate
law be complied with. Mayor Garrison stated that he would write the letter.

CIVIL DEFENSE	Commissioner Clark moved that one representative be sent to a conference

of the Civilian Defense at Redlands, California January 3rd, 1943 to 
attend said meeting. The city to pay all necessary expenses incurred
upon presentation of itemized statement. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

USO	Mr. McNutt, a member of the Recreation Board appeared before the Board

Westside -	offering a suggestion that they be allowed the use of city owned land

in Westside, adjoining the School, for a colored USO site and colored
recreation center. Stating that one of the buildings at the CCC camp
had been secured and steps had been taken to have it moved to said site.
Commissioner Clark moved that the Recreation Board be granted the privilege
of using said land for the purpose requested. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until January 4, 1943, at the hour of 4:30

P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 4, 1943.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day
of January, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor C. Garrison
with the following members present: Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux
and Tinch, acting city attorney Harry H. Austin, Auditor Purchasing agent
M. Cazier and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the meeting of December 16th and 22nd, 1942 were read. The
minutes of the meeting of the 16th were ordered corrected to show that
the Resolution relative to the leasing	of the room	at the	Police Station

for a prophylaxis station must not carry a renewal	clause	and that	the

gaming license issued to the Pony Express was for five slot machines.
Thereafter the minutes were approved as corrected.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 771 to 777 inclusive be allowed.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers	770 and 779	 be allowed, and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to	sign same.	Motion	seconded	by 

Commissioner Rubidoux, carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RECREATIONAL

 DEPARTMENT	Bryan Bunker, Chairman of the Recreation Department appeared before

the Board at this time and recommended the employment of Kenneth A.

Van Vorst, at a salary of $200 a month to fill the vacancy of Mr. Losee
and stated that it was necessary to hire Harvey Stanford as recreational
Director for part of November and December at a salary of $100 for the
month of December and $25 for the month of November; and the hiring
of Miss Wooley as extra help in the recreational department at a salary
of $25 a week for two weeks. Two weeks in December at $25 a week and
one week in November at $25 a week making a total of $75.