ORDINANCE No.6

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE USE OF PROFANE, VILE OR OBSCENE LANGUAGE ON THE STREETS OR OTHER PUBLIC PLACES IN LAS VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Sec. 1. The use of profane, vile or obscene language or words upon the public streets,
alleys or highways of the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited.

Sec. 2. Immodest, Improper or indecent behavior upon any public street or highway, or
in any store, hotel, saloon or other public place within said city of Las Vegas, is hereby
prohibited.

Sec.3 Any person violating either of the foregoing sections of this ordinance shall

be punished by a fine not exceeding three hundred ($300.00) dollars or imprisoned not more

	than one hundred and fifty days or by both such fine and improsonment. The necessity appearing and

it being duly moved and sec, and voted unamimousaly this ordance was introduced and passed as an
emerigancy ordance The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the

Board, it was upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Stewart and duly

carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed to

have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel, Mayor

protem aye; Coughlin aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

ORDINANCE No.7

AN ORDINANCE FOR THE PREVENTION OF NUISANCES

The Board of Commissions of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Sec. 1. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to maintain a nuisance within
the limits of said City.

Sec. 2 A nuisance within the meaning of this ordinance is hereby defined as follows, to-wit:

A. Any manure pile, offal, hog pen, carcass, or dead animal remaining unremoved beyond the
limits of said City for more than twelve hours after death of such animal, any decayed meat,
fruit or vegetables.

B.	Any cesspool, privy, water closet or any other receptacle whatsoever for human excrement
which is in an overflowing, foul or filthy condition, or any foul or filthy drain or sewer
pipe.

C.	Every act or thing done or every condition created, committed or allowed on any property
that is detrimental to the public health, safety, morals or convenience.

Sec. 2 Any person whether owner or occupany or the agent of any owner or occupany, or
any corporation or officer, agent or servant of such corporation that shall create, maintain
allow or permit upon any property, any nuisance enumerated in sub-sections A, B and C of
section 1 of this ordinance shall be punished by a fine not exceeding three hundred (§300.00)
Dollars or by improsonment not exceeding one hundred and fifty days or by both such fine and
improsonment.

Sec.3 It is hereby made the duty of the Chief of Police of said City of Las Vegas to
notify in writing any person whether owner, occupant or agent of any such owner or occupant
and the agents, servants and officers of any corporation which may be the owners or occupants
of such property forthwith to abate such nuisance within forty-eight hours after being served
with such notice and in event of a failure so to do, such party so served with such notice
becomes and is guilty of a violation of this ordinance and shall be fined in any sum not ex-
ceeding three hundred (§300.00) dollars or imprisoned for any term not exceeding one hundred
and fifty days or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each day that any such nuisance is
permitted, suffered or maintained after notice to abate the same as provided in this ordinance