by the Board of Zoning Adjustment and they recommended approval subject to 
certain conditions.

Commissioner Elwell moved that the application of Dr. Ralph LaCanna to construct a
commercial building and a hotel at 302 Lewis Street, legally described as Lots 14,

15, and 16, Block 28, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in a C-1 zone be approved as 
recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	Conformance to the Plot Plan dated May 28, 1959.

2.	Posting of bond in the amount of $1,859.00 for all offsite improvements.
(Improvement agreement had been signed).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye: noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote as he stated his firm would probably do the
architectural work for this construction. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VARIANCE (V-11-59)	The Commission considered the application of Robert Alexander for a variance to 

Robert Alexander	convert an existing accessory building into an apartment 5' from the rear property

line at 1213 South 2nd Street, legally described as Lots 4 and 5, Block 14, Boulder
Denied	Addition, in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills stated that the Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended denial
of the application on the basis that the utility building was already being used as
a dwelling unit without being legally sanctioned as such, and furthermore, on the
basis that the applicant had a sufficient amount of building room on the lot to 
permit additional units in fill conformance with the ordinance and on the basis that
granting permission to convert accessory buildings into dwelling units in violation
of the yard requirement would be in conflict with the Urban Renewal Program.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Robert Alexander for a variance
to convert an existing accessory building into an apartment 5' from the rear property 
line at 1213 South 2nd Street, legally described as Lots 4 and 5, Block 14,
Boulder Addition, in an R-4 zone, be denied as recommended by the Board of Zoning
Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

USE PERMIT U-15-59	The Commission considered the application of E. F. Lied for a Use Permit to construct

E. F. Lied	and operate a service station on property generally located at the northeast comer

of 14th Street and East Charleston Boulevard, legally described as a portion of the
Approved	SE¼, SW¼, SW¼, Section 35, T 20 S, R 61 E, in a C-1 zone, being 125' on East

Charleston and 135' on South 14th Street.

Planning Director Bills stated that the Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended 
approval of this use permit subject to certain conditions, one of which was the 
dedication of a 20' east-west alley across the rear of the filling station property.

He added that there were no protests to this application.

Mr. Robert Bigelow, representing Mr. Lied, addressed the Commission stating that
they did not feel that the alley should be put in at this time and added that the
property goes clear to Clark Street and development of the other property has not
been completed. He stated that at the present time there is an interested party
from Salt Lake City contemplating a department store in this location; however,
these plans were indefinite. He was of the opinion that this alley would go nowhere
and would serve no purpose, and suggested some sort of an agreement so the 
dedication and improvement of this alley could be entered into when the proper time comes.

Mr. Bills stated that it had been his experience that any time commercial property
was developed, if alley dedication and agreement for improvements of same was not
procured, difficulties were later encountered. He added that this alley might not
go anywhere now, but that if one was not started there never would be one.

After some discussion the City Attorney was requested to draw up an agreement 
stating that this alley would be put in and improved at such time as the City requested
it, and that the exact location be set forth in this agreement and bond posted to
guarantee this; the amount of the bond to be determined by the Engineering 
Department. If a change in the location of the alley should be determined later, the
agreement could be subsequently changed.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of E. F. Lied for a Use Permit to
construct and operate a service station on property generally located at the northeast 
corner of 14th Street and East Charleston Boulevard, legally described as a
portion of the SE¼ , SW¼, SW¼, Section 35; T 20 S, R 61 E, in a C-1 zone, being 125'
on East Charleston and 135' on South 14th Street, be approved subject to the 
following conditions:

1.	Conformance with the plot plan as submitted.

2.	Conformance with the provisions of the fire code and the recommendations of
the Fire Department.

3.	Signing of an improvement agreement and posting of bond for sidewalks on the
14th Street side and driveway openings and any other improvements as 
recommended by the Engineering Department as set forth in said improvement agreement.

4.       Signing of an agreement and posting of a bond guarantying alley dedication
and improvement at such time as required.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

7-1-59