FIRE DEPARTMENT
  Aerial Ladder
Truck

MAIN STREET
RIGHTS

BAPTIST CHURCH
BUILDING -
Condemned

 SIDEWALK -
 Carson & 4th St.

 SALARIES

 

GOLF COURSE

 O. J. SCHERER
Industrial
Tract

be approved. Further; that the City Manager be authorized
to sign any emergency Change Orders, and report at next
meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be authorized
to send out invitiations to bid on an Aerial Ladder Truck
for the Fire Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His 

Honor voting; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City approve the action
of the City Manager relative to the Main Street widening, ie,
that the City ask the Union Pacific Railroad for a 19 ft.
strip of land at the West side of Main Street between the
North curb line of Carson and the Center line of Ogden
instead of a twenty foot strip as heretofore requested
due to the location of the Bus Terminal which is within the
twenty foot strip. And, further, that the City Manager be 

instructed to notify the utility companys that all poles on
North Main Street must be removed within thirty days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried for the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Board approve the
action of Mr. O. J. Marling, Building Inspector in condemning
the old Baptist Church now located at 7th and Ogden and in
ordering the building moved from this fire zone.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Board approve the
recommendation of the City Manager relative to section of
sidewalks at Carson and 4th Streets as per recommendations
on file in the City Managers office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City approve a salary of
$300.00 per month for C. C. Sargent, and $325.00 per month for
Charles F. Morrison for 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates

and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be authorized
to purchase material from the Garden Center for the 

beautification of the golf Course, in the sum of $759.75 and 

payment to be made out of the 1947 Budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Bates and Clark

Commissioner Baskin moved that that certain motion 

heretofore made by the Board of City Commissioners with 

reference to requiring sidewalks, curbs and gutters in the
residential area in the O. J. Scherer tract be amended to read
that the City will accept a 32 foot paved street built to
specifications required by the City Engineer; and curbs and
gutters in the residential district. And, as for the truck road
the City hereby amends their previous motion requiring a 56
foot roadway to be reduced to a 30 foot strip. 15 feet on
each side of the center line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes none. Absent; Commissioners Bates and Clark