Section 3. A violation of any of the provisions of this permit shall be grounds
for and entitle said City to revoke and annul this permit in whole or in part or said
City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby
reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a municipal permit, and this permit
is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control by the Public Service
Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of so furnishing telephone facilities
to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by said grantee, its successors and assigns.

Section 4. This permit shall not be construed to authorize the permittee, its
successors and assigns, to use or to acquire any right in, any of the streets, alleys
or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas inconsistent with the future legitimate
uses of such streets, alleys or public grounds by said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the
grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of
moneys by permittee, its successors and assigns, as an estoppel against said City of
Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever, Nor shall this permit be construed as a grant of
any right or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property
along any of the streets, alleys or public grounds where said poles, pole lines, under-
ground conduits, wires, cables, appliances, or appurtenances may be placed or maintained
by said permittee , its successors and assigns, nor to establish any rights in the
permittee, its successors and assigns, contrary to or inconsistent with the right of
the original dedicators, of said streets, alleys or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 5. In case the said permittee, its successors or assigns, discontinue,
refuses, or neglects to carry on the operation of a system of telephones for telephone
exchange at any time for and during the term of six months at any one time during the
life of this permit, then this permit shall be null and void, and the City Commissioners
may order the removal of the poles, pole lines, underground conduits, wires, cables
appliances and appurtenances so installed, erected, laid down or placed by said permittee,
its successors or assigns, in, through, over, across, under and along the public streets,
alleys, or public grounds of said City of Las Vegas, and may declare the same a public
nuisance; provided, however, that before this permit shall become null and void or any
action taken as in this paragraph provided, the Board of City Commissioners shall first
give to said grantee, or its successors or assigns thirty days notice in writing to
resume its operations, and of its intention to terminate this permit in case such
operstions are not resumed within the period specified in such notice.

Section 6. Within six months after the date of this permit, the permittee, its
successors or assigns s all file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
a plat showing the location and position of each pole, pole line, and underground
conduit, and showing the location and position of any proposed poles, pole lines, or
underground conduits, erected and laid down or to be erected and laid down under the
authority hereby granted.

Section 7; The privileges hereby granted to said permittee shall inure to the
benefit of said permittee, its successors and assigns for a period of fifty years from
and after the date hereof, provided said permittee shall not be entitled to assign this
permit of any rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of
said City first had and obtained in writing.

 This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of the same in writing
by the permittee within thirty days from the date of its passage, but in default of
such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 6th day
of February, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the order of said Board of City Commissioners, by the
Mayor and City Clerk and the Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner, thereunto duly
authorized, this 7th day of February, 1929. Executed in Duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

By	J. F. Hesse			

MAYOR.	

(S E A L)

ATTEST:

WM. L. Scott

CLERK.

By________W. C. German

Its Water, sewer and light
commissioner

THE FOREGOING PERMIT ACCEPTED THIS 7TH DAY OF FEBRUARY, 1929.

SOUTHERN NEVADA TELEPHONE COMPANY,

By Leo W. McNamee

(S E A L)	PRESIDENT.

C. S. Wengert,

SECRETARY.

The Mayor and Commissioner of Water, sewerage and lights was authorized and
directed to approve said permit and the City Clerk to attest the same.

No further business appearing, the meeting was adjourned, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried.