Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ray Knearl for a restaurant beverage
license for the Red and White Cafe, 801 South 1st Street, previously issued to
Robert Brodine, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of A.T.Sharp, H.G. Parvin and C. Cory
for the change of type of package liquor license at the Fremont Drug, 6ll Fremont
to permit them to sell half pints, be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of C.R. Millhizer for license for one
"21" and one Poker at the Silver Club, 505½ Jackson be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Whipple passed his vote.

At the hour of 8.40 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9.30 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be instructed to pay the expenses of Mr.
Joseph Lopez for his trip here to confer with the Commission on the survey of the
Telephone Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager and City Attorney be instructed to meet
with Mr. Lopez and discuss the scope of the survey of the Telephone Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be authorized to request permission
from the Public Service Commission to allow someone the City Selects to inspect
the records of the Telephone Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mike Latter and Leonard Shafer for a
license for one Race Horse Book and one Sports Book at the Westside Race Book,

407 Jackson Street be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution designating the Las Vegas Rose
as the official flower of the City of Las Vegas be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the climate of Southern Nevada is well suited to the growth of roses; and

WHEREAS, most cities have an official flower that is particularly suited for
growth therein; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners have been petitioned by the Trowel
and Trellis Garden Club, Camellia Unit, Rose Unit, Trowel and Trellis Garden Club
and Mesquite Club, to designate an official flower for the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 28th day of March,

1956, that the Las Vegas Rose is hereby designated as the official flower of the
city of Las Vegas and all residents of the City are urged to cultivate grow
roses to make this City the "ROSE CITY OF THE DESERT."

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 28th day of March, 1956.

ATTEST:	__________________

Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	

	Mayor

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner



LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Type

GAMING APPLICATION
New

TELEPHONE COMPANY
Survey

GAMING APPLICATION
Westside Race Book

RESOLUTION
City Flower