OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. December 2nd, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of December, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together
with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the city clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith the licenses and fines

for the month of November, 1926, were ordered distributed as follows:

Street	Fund	$500.00

Police	and Fire	Fund	1059.50______

Total	$1569.50

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon the Board took under discussion the proposition of inspection of the dairies
furnishing milk to the city, and the opinion was expressed that there should be some inspection
if it could be arranged with out becoming too great a financial burden upon the city. The
question was continued for further investigation on the part of members of the Board.

The matter of further sidewalk construction and of proper and strict inspection of the
same also came up for consideration and general discussion.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board ad-
journ until Tuesday the 21st day of December, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. December 21st, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of December, A.D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and C.J. Ham-
mond, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.H. Elwell being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that
the city attorney be and he hereby authorized to purchase of Bancroft Whitney Company Elliot
on Roads and Streets, 1926 Edition at a cost of $20.00.

Vote on said Resolution as follows : Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and his Honor the
Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was ordered

that the City Attorney be and he is hereby authorized and instructed to appear on behalf of the
City of Las Vegas, and the respective Commissioners made defendants in an action now pending
in the District Court of Clark County, Nevada, wherein H. Blanding, et al are plaintiffs, and The

City of Las Vegas, et al are defendants arising out of and embracing alleged threatened obstruction
of that portion of Main Street extended southerly which is embraced in the South Addition,