Commissioner Smith moved that the city attorney, Mr. Currie and Mr. White prepare a con-
tract to be later submitted to the Council covering the preparation of plans, specifications
estimates and details of all operations and functions of the engineer for the construction
of a sewerage treatment plant and collection system for their consideration and action.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A petition signed by property owners regarding the vacating of certain land in Artesian
Park Estates was referred to the City Attorney.

A communication from the Las Vegas Land and Water Company regarding placing of fire hydrants
was read and referred to Commissioner Tinch.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to arrange insurance
to cover equipment owned by Mr. Brown, city engineer, used in city business, as requested
in his letter of October 50th, 1941. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor pro
tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Communication from the Las Vega s Nevada Junior Chamber of Commerce covering a

resolution regarding traffic lights and pedestrians. Commissioner Rubidoux exhibited some
signs that would be appropriate for street corners.

Commissioner Smith moved that Mr. Rubidoux' recommendation relative to traffic signs
for pedestrians at street intersections be approved and that Mr. Rubidoux be authorized

to install same. as soon as possible. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor pro

tem voting aye. Noes, none.

The protest of W. E. Ferron against the proposed electrical ordinance was read at this
time.

The Bid of A. Carlisle & Co., for one office chair was opened at this time. This being



the only bid received. Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of A. Carlisle & Co., of $37.95 be
accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the application of the Pioneer Club at 110
South First Street, for a retail tavern liquor license be granted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,
Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of E. A. Robinson for a retail tavern liquor
license at 120 S. 2nd Street be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the mayor pro
tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that slot machine licenses be granted to the following firms:

Las Vegas Barbecue 3, Theodore Meihelous 1. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Smith moved that the requisition for ditto supplies as requested by the city auditor be
approved and the purchasing agent be authorized to buy $44.40 worth of paper for the
ditto machine. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.