OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. March 7,1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
on the 7th day of March, A.D. 1923, at the hoar of two o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner, Mayor
Pro Tem, with members W.E. Arnold, Harry Blanding, and Thos. R. Hodgens, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Com-
missioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold,; voting, Commissioners Arnold, Blanding,
Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting
the following: the claim of W.D. Cooper for $30.00 was rejected upon the ground that this was not
a just charge against the city; the claim of R.H. Schaeffer, in the sum of $15.00 was rejected
on the ground that the same was not a just charge against the City.

At this time Dr. E.C. Bulette, Health officer of the City of Las Vegas, made his monthly
report. It was suggested by Dr. Bulette that the City Board of health adopt a regulation prohibit-
ing persons afflicted with tuberculosis from loafing in public pool halls, soft drink parlors, etc.
This was on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and passed on the
following vote Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The City Attorney was thereupon directed to prepare such a regulation to presented at the next
meeting of the Board of Health.

At this time Elbert C. Howard appeared before the Board regarding the furnishing of
material for surfacing the streets of the city. After considerable discussion of the matter it
was ordered that further consideration be deferred until a regular adjourned meeting of this
Board to be held on the 12th day of March, A.D. 1933, at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

Thereupon , after considerable discussion it was the order of the Board, upon motion
of, Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the Sewer and Light Commissioner be
and he is her by authorized to make arrangements for the erection of street lights in the Original
Townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, the following Resolution was adopted, on motion of Commissioner Arnold
seconded by Commissioner Blanding;	

RESOLVED that the General Licenses and Fines of the City of Las Vegas, beginning
with the quarter beginning April 1st, 1923, and until the further order of this Board, shall be
distributed as follows:	General Fund 50%

Light Fund 50%

and it is hereby ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed so to instruct
the City Treasurer. Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners Arnold Blanding,
Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold,

that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of this Board:

WHEREAS, the rapid growth of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada , daring the past few
years has rendered existing post office accomodations entirely inadequate, and

WHEREAS, this inadequacy greatly increases the labors of the Post Master and his
Assistants, and makes it impossible for them to give patrons of the office the ser-
vice to which they are entitled and which would be afforded them with proper
accomodations,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada do hereby recommend that the Postmaster General shall provide for said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, additional floor space and post office boxes sufficient to
care for the needs of the community,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to send a certified copy of this Resolution to the First Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral at Washington, D.C.

Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.