Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that it is advisable to appoint some person to represen t
this Board in co-operating with the Board of County Commissioners in the management of the above
described park until an ordinance affecting the same can be drawn and passed, It was the order
of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly
carried that E.W. Griffith be, and he is hereby, appointed so to represent this Board in this
matter until the further order of the Board. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie, Anderson
Hodgens, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada, May, 4th, 1921.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners
and Its Mayor of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The undersigned respectfully requested your Hon. Board to place
three street lights on eight street commencing at Fremont Street and
extending south on Eight street to a point half way between Carson Street
to Bridger Street, by so doing you will accommodate eight families who
live upon said street.

Thanking you in advance for your consideration.

Very truly yours,

W. H. Dentner.

Whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Com. Hodgens, seconded by Com. Martin and
duly carried that the Sewer & Light Commissioner be, and he is hereby, authorized to place lights
on North 7th Street and South 8th Street and any other places in vicinity where needed as the
finances will allow. Voting Commissioners, Martin, Brickie, Anderson and Hodgens and His Honor
the Mayor, W. C. German aye. Noes none.

At this time I.C. Johnson and Alfred T. Stone appeared before the Board with a request that a
sidewalk be put in along the north side of Fremont Street from 5th to 11th streets according
to the petition submitted by property owners several months ago. Whereupon, it was the order of the Board
upon motion of Com. Brickie, seconded by Com. Hodgens and duly carried, that the street commissioner
inquire as to the expense of this improvement and also as to the expense of establishing a grade.
Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie, Anderson and Hodgens and his Honor the Mayor W.C. German aye.
Nones none.

Thereupon the following resolution was presented by Commissioner Hodgens:

Number 1.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, by virtue of the resignation of Charles Ireland as Commissioner
of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on
the 17th day of August, 1921, a vacancy exists in said office, and
WHEREAS, the name of H.N. Anderson, has been presented as a candidate to
fill such office for the unexpired term;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that said H.N. Anderson be, and he is hereby
elected as Commissioner or the Fourth Class of said City of Las Vegas, to
take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in
the sum of $1,000.00, and upon his taking the Oath of Office as required
by law.

Seconded by Commissioner Brickie, thereupon the vote was taken Commissioners Brickie, Anderson,

Hodgens, and his Honor the Mayor W.C. German, aye. Commissioner Martin no.

Thereupon the following resolution was presented by	Number 2.

Commissioner Hodgens and Seconded by Com. Anderson:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Charles Ireland, former Mayor Pro tem, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, has removed his domicile from the territory limits
of said City, by virtue of which a vacancy exists in said office of Mayor Pro
tem, and

WHEREAS the name of Frank Brickie, one of the Commissioners of said City has
been presented as a candidate to fill such office for the unexpired term;

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that such vacancy be, and the same is hereby declared
to exist, and said Frank Brickie be, and he is hereby elected as Mayor Pro
Tem, of said city of Las Vegas for said unexpired term.

Thereupon the vote was taken Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens aye. Commissioner 

Martin No. Mayor W.C. German, not voting.