Motion seconded, by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor  Baker.

The Commission considered the acceptance and final payment to the contractor on the
installation of City Jail Equipment.

Field Engineer Hansen reported that the Contractor, Southern Steel Corporation, has
complied with the plans and specifications, and corrected all deficiencies. Mr.

Hansen recommended that this contract be accepted and final payment in the amount
of $6,760.10 authorized.

Commissioner Fountain moved the installation of the City Jail Equipment be accepted
and final payment to Contractor, Southern Steel Corporation in the total amount of
$6,760.10 approved, and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Field Engineer Hansen reported that inspections have been made by all City Departments,
deficiencies corrected and it is recommended that the subdivision Charleston Heights
Tract No. 4 be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be approved and Charleston Heights No.

4 accepted, and the bond for the installation of off-site improvements released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time Field Engineer Hansen reported that it was necessary to return the en-
tire final map of Morning View Heights No. 2 to the subdivision engineer, since a
property check indicates there is a 2½ foot encroachment on Power Company property.

Mr. Hansen stated that corrections would have to be made before any further action
could be taken.

The Commission considered the acceptance of the off-site improvements installed in
connection with Use Permit U-35-56 granted to Dr. Harry E. Fightlin for the installa-
tion of a professional office on Maryland Parkway between Lewis and Bridger.

Works Engineer Uehling reported that these improvements have been completed in ac-
cordance with Dr. Fightlin's agreement, and recommended the acceptance and release
of bond.

Commissioner Bunker moved the off-site improvements installed in conjunction with
Use Permit U-35-56 be accepted and the bond filed by Dr. Harry E. Fightlin released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Jack J. and Dorothy M. Leavitt;
Gilbert T. & Lois K. Rodman for a portion of Franklin Avenue and l6th Street. Right-
of-Way Agent Dwight Engebregson reported that this is for a 60 foot width on Franklin
between 15th and l6th, and the west half of l6th Street, northerly to Charleston
Square #1. He further reported that this deed is for a re-recording, correcting
the curve data in the original description recorded December 2, 1954 as Document No.
26873 in Book 30 of the Official Records of Clark County.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.
Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17 day of July, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5 day
of July, 1957, executed by Jack J. Leavitt and Dorothy M. Leavitt; Gilbert R. Rodman
and Lois K. Rodman, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Right-of-Way Agent presented a quitclaim deed and agreement with Charles A. Lasky
and Dorothy G. Lasky for the southerly five feet of Lots 19 through 22, Meadows Ad-
dition, making Cincinnati Avenue, east of 5th Street, 55 feet in width, Mr. Enge-
bregson explained that the agreement signed by the Laskys would hold the City harm-
less from any liability caused by the footings of their building in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the agreement with Charles A. and Dorothy G. Lasky in
connection with the dedication of a five foot strip of Lots 19 through 22, Meadows
Addition, which is Cincinnati Avenue, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk author-
ized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CITY JAIL EQUIPMENT
Acceptance & Final
Payment

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 4

Acceptance & Bond
Release

MORNING VIEW
HEIGHTS NO. 2
Report

USE PERMIT
U-35-36

Harry E. Fightlin
Bond Released

RESOLUTION
ACCEPTING DEED
Franklin & l6th

Leavitt & Rodman

RESOLUTION
ACCEPTING DEED &
AGREEMENT

C.A. & Dorothy Lasky