defined in the decisions of the courts.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution, certified by the Clerk, under
the seal of said City be transmitted with said license as granted to the grantee or licensee,
and that the acceptance of such license shall be considered an acceptance of the above
specific condition.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Attorney Alward appeared before the Board representing a number of service station
owners protesting the changing of the City ordinances in regard to the operation of curb
pumps. No action was taken on the matter at this time.

Mayor Cragin appointed the following committee to investigate the condition of water
lines on some of the streets now being improved with the sewer mains; J.P. King, R.H. Elser,
W.J. Rhodes, and R.L.Taylor. Said committee to report to the Board at once their decision.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 7th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 7th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 7th day of July 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and
Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and German.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

The following report was presented to the Board of Commissioners.

To the Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners:

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to your Resolution of July 5th, 1932, instructing us to inspect certain
water pipe lines, we, the undersigned have made and inspection of certain pipe lines located
in the alley between 6th and 7th Streets and Clark and Bonneville Streets.

We found this said pipe line to be old and leaking badly. It doesn't appear
to have been damaged by the sewer construction, as there has been no blasting near said pipe
line.

Respectfully submitted,

R.L. Taylor.

P.M. Green

J.P. King.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Tuesday the 12th day of July 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK? CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JULY 12th, 1932

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas held on the 12th day of July 1932, at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy,
German, Hansell and City Attorney and Deputy Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and City Clerk.

At this time Attorney Ragsdale appeared before the Board representing a
number of garage and service station owners who protested against the City ordinance concern-
ing the operation of Curb pumps. No action was taken by the Board at this time.

A communication received by Attorney Stevens containing information regarding
the Wagner Bill was read at this time but no action taken.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved