Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated this 2nd day of
March, 1953, executed by Louis J. Ortner to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

				RESOLUTION

BE IT FURTHER. RESOLVED, that a copy of  this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Voting "Aye" Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting "Nay" None. Absent: None.



On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and car-
ried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:
	RESOLUTION

 BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of April, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
19th day of March, 1953, executed by Clark County to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the Coun-
ty of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Voting "Aye" Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor.

Voting "Nay" None. Absent:	None.

On motion of Commissioner Peccole, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and car-
ried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:
	RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of April, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 1st
day of April, 1953, executed by Harrison & Daisy Stocks to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Voting "Aye" Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

Voting "Nay" None. Absent:	None.

Commissioner Peccole moved all renewals as listed be approved in their present sta-
tus or as the licenses were issued last quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

In order to approve the Liquor Application of Mr. Lloyd St. John, Twin Lakes Hotel,
Tonopah Highway for a Tavern Liquor License it was the decision of the Board that the
Liquor Ordinance has to be amended in order that Mr. St. John’s business will come
under the title of a Hotel.

Thereafter Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple were appointed as committee to study
this amendment and report back to the Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Frank L. Levis, Economy Ice & Oil, 422
W. Jefferson, Retail Beverage License be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	None.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Jack Gilson, Swinging Door Saloon, 111
N. 1st Street for a Tavern Liquor License formerly owned by John Amecucci be approv-
ed subject to a favorable report from the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harry V.T. Gilbert, Gilbert Bros.

Liquor Store from 314 W. Bonanza to 404 W. Bonanza, Retail Liquor License, for change
of location be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commiss-

ioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Irving I. Gelsin, Selex Coffee Shop,

209 North Main for a Restaurant Beverage License be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Peccole, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker,
Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

The application of Dr. Martin ¥. Payne to erect a medical office building for the
practice of Orthopedic Surgery situated at the northwest corner of Seventh and
Hoover between 6th and 7th Streets in an R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District,
located on Lots 17 and 18 and the S½ of Lot 19 in Block 31, South Addition to the
City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board of Commissioners for their considera-
tion.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission was that this application be
denied inasmuch as it was felt that such use would not be in the best interest of

RIGHT OF WAY DEED
County of Clark

RIGHT OF WAY DEED
Harrison & Daisy
Stocks

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Renewals



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New



New

Frank L. Levis
Change of owner

Change of Location



New



VARIANCE APPLICATION
Dr. Martin W. Payne
Set Public Hearing

V 17-53

