Mrs. Geo. Hooper
Mrs. Nellie May
Hazel Hefner
Gilbert Hefner
J.C. Rafert
O.F. Smith
W.R. Burns
Ed. Von Tobel
Leo A. Crowley
M.E. Black
Sam Lawson

Con. Power & Telephone Co.

J.R. McCann

Ora Nay

Mrs. Ora Nay

Mrs. Geo. E. Lee

Geo. E. Lee

Mrs. S. A. Nay

J.G. Laravey

R.H. Schaffer

Omar Bundy

D.M. Webb

W.F. Rector

R.N. Edwards

F.M. Smith
J.O. Allen
C.E. Bretz
I.C. Johnson
H.J. Woodard
Will Beckley
Thomas M. Carroll

whereupon it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly carried
that this petition bo laid on the table. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye: Commissioner Hodgens, 
Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye. and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye.

Noes, none.

Thereupon the clerk presented the following petition:

April 12,1921.

Petition for Sidewalk.

We the undersigned do present this petition to the Hon-
orable City Board of Las Vegas, asking for a sidewalk to be constructed
along the north side of Fremont Street, commencing at the Corner of
Fifth and Fremont and running to 11th Street.

Respectfully signed,

R.E. Lake, Jr.

F.A. Wait

I. C. Johnson
Sam Mikulich
C.L. Connelly

J. F. Fagan

whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner
Brickie and duly carried, that said petition be laid over indefinitely, for further action. Voting
Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland,
Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the question of a time for meeting came up for discussion, whereupon,
on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Martin, and duly carried, it was the
decision of the Board that regular meetings for the discussion and transaction of any and all
 business, shall be held on the first and third Wednesdays of each and every month, at the hoar
of three o'clock p.m. ,in the District Attorney's Library at the Courthouse. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Aye; Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye. and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to comes before the Board at this time, it was moved by
Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried ,that this meeting stand
adjourned until Saturday, June 4,1921 at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 4th day of June, A.D. 1921, per adjournment of said Board. Present His Honor
the Mayor, H.T. Jones, members Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens, and Charles Ireland together with
the clerk and city attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the discussion of various questions regarding
the welfare of the city of Las Vegas, the Board proceeded to take up the matter of ordinances

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
CLARK COUNTY, JUNE 4,1921.