presented to the Board in proper form and consider the passage of an Ordinance governing the
collection and disposal of garbage in the City of Las Vegas. You will govern yourselves
accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

We, the undersigned, being the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of a special meeting on the 2nd day of
July, 1934.

E.W. Cragin	L.L. Arnett

Mayor.	Jas. H. Down

W.C. German
H.P. Marble

City Commissioners.

Minutes of a Special Called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 2nd day of July at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble,
German and Down City Attorney, City Clerk and Supt. of City Street J P. King.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
following slot machine and gaming licenses be granted:

Duffey and Barrett	1-	4 card draw poker Rainbow	Club

Wm. Jones	1	Stud Poker Game

Norther Club	3	Slot Machines license

"	1 each Stud Poker, Draw Poker, Pan and Four card

draw.

"	1 each Roulette, Twenty-One, Dice

Joe Morgan	1 each Craps, Roulette, and Twenty-One.

Las Vegas Club	6	Slot	Machine Licenses.

"	1	each	Pan

"     "	"	2 each Poker and 4 card draw, 30 chairs each

"	"	"	One each Chuck a luck, Twenty-one, Roulette, Faro

2 each Craps and Four Card Draw Poker
Jack Butler	1	Poker Game.

2 each Twenty-one and Craps
Boulder Club Inc.	5	Slot	Machines

1 each, Stud Poker, Draw Poker, Pan.

1 each, 6 Wheel, Twenty-one, Roulette, Faro, Craps
Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioners Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved
and carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted,

Art Schrieber	3 slot machine licenses

Geo. E. Robinson    1	"	"	"

J.W. Woodard	2	"	"	"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the following liquor and beverage licenses be granted. Applications being in
pr per form and money on hand to cover the same.

Al Salton, 111 South 1st St. and John Waterfield, Sal Sagev Hotel, tavern licenses.

Vera Magress, Lehman's Cafe, Walter Hamilton, Wm. Jones, 5½% retail beverage

license.

vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The appointing of a Deputy City Clerk and License Inspector was next brought
before the Board for consideration. After some discussion on the matter, and the consider-
ation of the several applicants it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commis-
sioner Arnett moved and carried that LeRoy Whipple be appointed Deputy City Clerk, to hold
office at the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners, and to furnish a security company
bond in the sum of Five ($5,000.00) Dollars, from a company qualified to transact business
in the State of Nevada for the current year. The compensation of said office be $150.00
per month.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of the compensation to be paid to Lloyd S. Payne, City Electrical In-
spector while acting as Building and Plumbing Inspector during the installation of the
sewer laterals, and the compensation of A.R. Thompson while acting as Engineer in charge of
the sewer lateral installation was brought before the Board at this time, and on motion
of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that during the
time Mr. Thompson was employed as Engineer in Charge of the Sewer Work that he be paid the
sum of $275.00 per month, same to be paid out of the Sewer Lateral Fund, and that Lloyd S.

Payne be paid the sum of $225.00 per month while filling the office of Building and Plumbing
Inspector with his regular duties as Electrical Inspector.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.