Las Vegas, Nevada
August 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
22nd day of August, 1945. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark Corradetti,

City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; Acting City Manager, T. E.
Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of July 10 and 11 and
August 7, 1945 be approved by reference, and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 507 to 519 

inclusive in the net sum of $15,478.24 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk Authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of certain property
owners in the Wardie and South Additions to delay installation
of sidewalks as provided for in Ordinance No. 291 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.

520 to 524 inclusive in the sum of $6,087.21 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the site of the
C.A.A. Building at the Airport as designated on Map 150 - E
on file in the office of the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Acting City Manager be instructed
to inform Mr. Peelan that the City is willing to negotiate an
agreement for the collection and disposal of garbage with him for
a three months period, beginning as of October 1, 1945 for a fee
of $10,000.00 payable in three equal payments of $3,333.33 on
October 10, November 10, and December 10; provided, however, that
the total sum paid shall not exceed the amount of fees collected
for the fourth quarter service. If his services prove satisfactory
a contract will be negotiated in the form submitted by Mr. Peelan,
but with minor changes in terminology relative to settlement dates
and with a protective clause added providing that his charge to
the City for services shall not exceed the amount collected for
the period involved in the settlement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Acting City Manager be 

instructed to notify the State Highway Department that the City is willing
to negotiate with them relative to a plot of land, 30 feet, fronting
on Highway 91, by 98 feet deep (approximate), South of the Red
Rooster and adjacent thereto, to offer to Grace Hayes in lieu
of a right of way for highway purposes. Title to said plot of land
to be retained by the City in case Miss Hayes does not accept the
plan. Also the City is willing to deed a twenty-two (22) foot
strip along the east side of Highway 91 of City owned property in
that vicinity required by the State for right-of-way in connection
with the widening of Highway 91 and the installation by the State
of curbs and sidewalks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honorvoting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SIDEWALK PETITION — protest

Wardie & South Addn.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

C. A. A. — Building Site