OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day of July, 1935
at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward and His
Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioner Down

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the bond of A.W. Ham
as Deputy City Attorney was ordered approved by the Mayor and placed on file with the City Clerk.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
a tavern license be Granted the Village Inn, Walter Theiss, receiver and for Ethel Rapoport, Both
applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same. Also two
retail beverage licenses (5½%) one each to Bessie Williams and Frehner and Evans applications being
inproper form and money on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble the following gaming licenses
were granted. All applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk covering the
same.

Joe H. Morgan 2 devices for the Silver Club
Elmer Sorber, 2 card games, three devices, for Northern Club
Jack Butler, one card game, two devices, Big Four Club.

C.F.Reid one card game.

P.O. Silivagni, four slot machine, four devices for Pache Club.

J. Warren Woodard, two slot machine licenses
W.E. Ferron,	four	"	"	"

Jack Weisberger	one	"	"	"

W.R. Van Eaton	"	"	"	"

Mayme Stocker,	three	"	"	"

P.O. Silvigani	six	"	"	"

J.M. Sill	two	"	"	"

Art Schreiber	six	"	"	"

Pete Pansey	one	"	"	"

Elmer Sorber	three	"	"	"

J.R. McMichael	one	"	"	"

Frank Kiernan	two	"	"	"

Rex Jarrett	one	"	"	"

A.E. King Ellison "	"	"	"

Read City Drug	three "	"	"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the business of the City securing a
blanket insurance on all city owned property, with real and rolling and the insurance of the City
against public liability. After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Farnsworth
seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the City Clerk be directed to have
a call to insurance writers published once in each of the local newspapers asking for bids on
the said blanket insurance for the City.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth is was moved and
carried that the Clerk also be directed to have published in each of said City newspapers a notice
calling attention to the fact that all person, firms or associations having claims against the City
of Las Vegas file same with the City Clerk by the third day of each month and that all claims before
being approved should be accompanied by a requisition showing by whom purchased, the amount and
date of purchase.

Vote on same was as follows, Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Clerk be directed to write Mr. J.P. King, former Street Supt. of the City, in
regard to the apparent duplication of payment of salary for the months of August and Sept, 1934.

Said duplication being apparently during a time when said J.P. King was ill and receiving Nev-
ada Industrial Compensation.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 11th day of July, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.