578

8

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Las Vegas Union School
District
U-l-54
Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The application of the Las Vegas Union School District for Use Permit to
construct and maintain a high school to house 1500 students on property
situated in the NW1/4 of NE1/4 Section 26, T20S, R6lE, as recommended by
the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this Use
Permit. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning
Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas in a regular meeting on the 20th day of January, 1954, having
considered the application of the Las Vegas Union School District for a Use
Permit to construct and maintain a high school to house 1500 students on
property situated in the NW1/4 of NE1/4 Section 26, T20S, R6lE; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission
recommending approval of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of the Las Vegas Union School District, U-l-54, as approved by the Planning
Commission, be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspection depart-
ments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

VACATION OF A PORTION OF
BOULDER AVENUE
Public Hearing Set

Commissioner Jarrett moved the public hearing on the petition for the vacation
of a portion of Boulder Avenue lying on the NE corner of 2nd Street and
Charleston Boulevard be held March 3, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

STREET NAME CHANGE	Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the petition to change the

Public Hearing Set	name of Clos Road to Western Avenue be held February 3, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Clos Rd to Western Ave

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

TAM TRACT	At this time the tentative map of Tam Tract was presented for consideration.

Tentative Map	Considerable discussion was held on this proposed subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this tentative map be approved subject
to an agreement with the school.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

MARY CREST ESTATES
Tentative Map

FRANCISCO PARK TRACT #2
Tentative Map

At this time the tentative map of Mary crest Estates was presented for consider-
ation. Discussion was held on this proposed subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this tentative map be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

The tentative Map of Francisco Park Tract No. 2 was presented at this time
for consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that this tentative map be denied, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners
Jarrett and Sharp passed their votes.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	A deed for road purposes on Pinto Lane was presented to the Board at this

R/W DEED	time for consideration.

Jack & Virginia Barrett On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and

Pinto Lane	carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:



#491 BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of January, 1954, by the Board of

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated and executed as follows:

Jack Barrett and Virginia Barrett, and A. G. Quinn and Margaret B. Quinn,
dated January 12, 1954•

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records
of this Board.



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED



A deed for street purposes for a portion of North 15th Street was presented
to the Board at this time for consideration.

O.A. Kenna & Geo Marsh

Portion of No. 15th

1-20-54