Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
That Mr. Austin present and file in the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada suit of the City of
Las Vegas vs. the County of Clark. That said papers be signed by the Mayor and Commissioners and
that action and suit be started at once.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 13th day of June, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 13th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of June, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow, City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Perry and City Attorney Austin.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved as read.

Mr. De Armond of the Colorado River Commission appeared before the Board in regard to
assisting in the survey of the water situation in Las Vegas Valley.

No definite action toward this matter was taken at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that W.E. Johnson of the Police Department be granted annual leave of absence from June 15th
to 30th inclusive, and that B.W.Snider and R.C.Coon of the Water Sewer and Light Dept. be
granted leave for the same period of time.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

Mr. Tandy appeared before the Board in regard to securing the use of the ball park for
recreational purposes and requested that the gardners be instructed to irrigate same during the
early morning hours so that the grounds might be in condition for use by the Recreation Dept.
evenings.

No motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that two (2) letters received from the Night Ball Association be filed with the

Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Kruase, Luce and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Miss Lois Craig and C.D. Breeze appeared before the Board asking that the proposed
"Zoning Ordinance" be amended to include duplex houses on fifty foot lots. Miss Craig also
presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of property owners asking for changes
the proposed ordinance.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a deed for highway right of way be handed to C.D. Baker, City Engineer, and H.H. Austin
City attorney for checking.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the Clerk forward C.J. Mackey, Local Mgr. W.P.A. forms Nos. 710 and 710A covering Mat-
erials in the sum of $716.38 and Labor $311.00.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to he White Spot Cafe.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried
that the following agreement be placed on the minutes of this meeting and that the Board go
on record as approving the action taken at an informal meeting.:

THIS AGREEMENT made and entered this 11th day of June, 1938, by and between Fort
Douglas District, C.C.C., party of the first part, and the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Party
of the second part, for and in consideration of the promises, and of the mutual covenants and
agreements of the parties hereto, it is mutually agreed as follows:

That in consideration of the payment of One Dollar ($1.00) per year for a period of
five (5) years, so be paid by the aforesaid Fort Douglas District, C.C.C., party of the first
part, the party of the second part agrees to lease a tract of land eight hundred (800) feet
by one thousand (1000) feet located in the northwest one quarter of the south-west one quarter
of Section thirty-six (36) Township twenty (20) SR sixty-one (61) East (MDMBM&M) situated in
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

IT BEING EXPRESSLY AGREED AND UNDERSTOOD that if formal lease is drawn on the afore-
said property it will be used for the convenience of the Fort Douglas District C.C.C., for
official purposes only.

In Witness whereof, we have sent our hands and affixed our seals the day and year
first above written.	FORT DOUGLAS DISTRICT C.C.C.

BY ROBERT MOORE 1st Lt.

Party of the First Part
Party of the Second Part
H.P. Marble, Mayor

Joe S. Ronnow,

Herbert Krause, Harvey Luce.