There upon on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the sum of $300.00 be given the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce from the Pub-
licity Fund of the City of Las Vegas, to be used for general publicity purposes.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a retail beverage license to granted to Jacob Strauss for 24 Stewart Street. Application being in
proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Ward not voting. Noes, none.

A petition from a number of bootblacks end barber shops in the City, reading as follows was
presented to the Board for consideration:

June 25, 1936

Honorable Mayor:

City Commissioners:

We the undersigned Boot Blacks and Barbers wish to apply to the City of Las Vegas for the exemption
of license for Boot Black stands in Barber Shops, because we are only selling our labor.

Your's Sincerely By

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the petition be placed on file.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor he Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.	

Commissioner Ward was excused before the vote was called.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a Tavern License be granted to H.E. Hazard, for 124 South 1st St. to be known as The Hafbrau
Bar.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

It was reported to the Board that the State of Nevada, through its Department of Highways, is
presently engaged in the construction of an underpass on Clark Avenue near Main Street in said City of
Las Vegas, the purpose of which is to eliminate the existing grade crossing and to establish a grade
separation on said Clark Avenue, near Main Street.

Whereas on motion of Commissioner Marble Seconded by Commissioner Down the following Preamble
and Resolution were surely adopted:

AND WHEREAS, Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company has entered into an agreement, or is
about to enter into an agreement with the said State of Nevada, through its Department of Highways
concerning the construction of said underpass,

AND WHEREAS, it is desirable that the said State of Nevada, through its Department of High-
ways, deal directly with the said Railroad Company in the acquirement of necessary easements and
rights of way for the construction of said underpass, and for the improvement of Clark Avenue,

AND WHEREAS, said Railroad Company has heretofore granted to the City of Las Vegas a certain
grant of Easement for right of way from Main Street to Clark Avenue and along Clark Avenue which
grant of easement is Dated December 18, 1933 and is recorded in Book 21 of Deeds page 113, Clark
County, Nevada, record,

AND WHEREAS, it will benefit the City to reconvey said easement and all of the City's right
title and interest in and to the parcel of land therein described to said Railroad Company
so that said Railroad Company may conveniently enter into said agreement with the State of Nevada,

AND WHEREAS, there has been presented to the Board a form of Reconveyance of said Easement,
which said Reconveyance was read over and considered, and it appearing to the Board that it will
be to the best interests of the	City	and the public that such reconveyance of easement	be	made,

it was therefore on motion duly	made	seconded and carried by the unanimous vote of	the	members

of the Board

RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas reconvey to Los Angeles end Salt Lake Railroad Company
all its right, title and interest, of, in and to the strip or parcel of land particularly described
in the Deed of Easement dated December 18, 1933, from Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company
to the City of Las Vegas, which Deed of Easement is recorded in Book 21 of Deed, Page 113, Clark
County, Nevada Records, in accordance with the terms of the form of reconveyance presented to
the Board,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said reconveyance be executed on behalf of the City of Las
Vegas by the Mayor and attested	by the City Clerk under the seal of said City,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that	said reconveyance, when executed be delivered	to the	High-

way Department of the State of Nevada, for delivery to said Railroad Company as and when said Rail-
road Company and the State of Nevada, through its Department of Highways, shall execute an
agreement for the construction of said underpass and the granting of the necessary easement there-
for, and for the improvement of Clark Avenue.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Ward.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 29th day of June, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.