	The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll had been filed

	in the office of City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there	had been no	objections filed in

	her office prior to said meeting.

	The Mayor then Publicly asked if anyone desired to make any 	objections, suggestions or comments,

	or raise any question concerning said special assessment roll.

	The following people protested this improvement because no sewer has been installed in their

district:

E.	H. Nighswonger	301 North 14th

H.	C. Johnson	Lot 22, Block 7, 14th Street. Addn.

Mr. Denny	Lots 11 & 12, Block 18, 14th St. Addn.

Mary West	Lot 19 & 20, Block 7, 14th St. Addn.

L.	R. Nelson	Lot 13, Block 10, 14th Street Addn.

These people were informed that a sewer could be installed before the paving. They stated they
would have no objection to the improvement in this case.

	Commissioner Jarrett moved that the hearing on this Assessment Roll No. 20-1952 be adjourned

	until after the construction contract has been let, on June 13, 1952, at which adjourned 

meeting the Assessment Roll will be corrected or revised before confirmation to correct 
	typographical or clerical errors and to modify all the assessments if the construction price should prove

	to be substantially different from the estimated price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and 

	Whipple.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commissioners
 NO. 100-17	and the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the 

Public Hearing	assessments and hear any objections to said assessment which may be made on the proposed 

Assessment Roll	improvements in Assessment District No. 100-17, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 21-1952.

	The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll had been filed

in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there had been no objections filed in
her office prior to said meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objection, suggestion or comments,
or raise any question concerning said special assessment roll.

Mr. Bert O’Donnell and Mr. Dick White stated that they objected to this proposed improvement.

Commissioner Peccole moved that there being only two protests to this proposed assessment that
the hearing on this Assessment Roll No. 21-1952 be adjourned until after the construction 
contract has been let, on June 13, 1952, at which adjourned meeting the Assessment Roll will be
corrected or revised before confirmation to correct typographical or clerical errors and to
modify all the assessments if the construction price should prove to be substantially different
from the estimated price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Peccole
moved this meeting recess until June 11, 1952 at which time the contract bids will be opened on
these Assessment Districts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett,

Peccole, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

attest:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 4, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 4th day of
June, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

Assistant

City Manager	Dora Lord

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

 Absent:	Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1304 to 1308	inclusive in the	net amount of

	$31,205.70 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

SERVICE & MATERIAL Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2276 to 2280 inclusive in
WARRANTS	the total amount of $27,285.92 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized	to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Jarrett.