CHARLESTON HEIGHTS               Commissioner Sharp moved the final map for Charleston Heights #11, submitted by

#11	Charleston Heights, Inc., consisting of 7 lots generally located at Shawnee and Xavier

Final Map	Streets be approved as recommended by the Public Works Department inasmuch as all

offsite improvements had been completed under the installation with adjoining tracts
Approved	and no Subdivision Agreement or Bond would be required.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

BID NO. 57. 39	Commissioner Whipple moved final payment in the amount of $1,675.51 be made to the

St. Improvements	V. C. Mendenhall Company for work completed under Contract #111D.9, Bid No. 57.39,

& St. Lighting;	for the installation of Street Improvements and Street Lighting on East Charleston

E. Chrlstn Blvd.	Boulevard (Assessment District 100-35) and the Massachusetts Bonding & Insurance Co.

(Assess. District	Performance Bond #865890 in the amount of $128,858.03 and Payment Bond in the amount

100-35)	of $64,429.01 be released.

Final Payment &	Motion seconded by Commissioner	Sharp and Carried by the	following vote:

Release of Bonds	Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor	Gragson voting aye;	noes,

Approved	none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

SOUTHRIDGE TRACT	Commissioner Sharp moved the offsite improvements completed on Southridge Tract No.

#6	6, Subdivider Royes J. Petersen, be accepted and the $30,000 Cashier's Check in lieu

of a Subdivision Bond be released.

Acceptance &

Release of Check	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

SKIP LOADER WITH	Director of Public Works Sauer	presented the request to	receive informal	bids for a

SCRAPER	small Skip Loader with attached	Scraper to replace the present one in use	by	the

Street Department; bids to be opened on October 6, 1959 and recommendation for award
Approved to 	to be made to the City Commission on October 7, 1959. The approximate cost would be

receive Informal	$3,500. The present Skip Loader would be used by the Park Dept.

Bids

Commissioner Whipple moved the request to receive informal bids on October 6, 1959 for
a Skip Loader with attached Scraper be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

YOUTH FORESTRY	Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution in support of the Youth Forestry

CAMP	Camp be adopted and order made:

Resolution	R E SO L U T I O N

Adopted

WHEREAS, a Youth Forestry Camp in Clark County has been proposed by several
public officials and persons interested; and

WHEREAS, Chief of Police Ray K. Sheffer, Sheriff of .Clark County W. E. Leypoldt,
Juvenile Officials of Clark County, and the District Judges of Clark County have been
active in the formulation and planning for said Youth Forestry Camp; and

WHEREAS, there is now no facilities for the detention of wayward boys under
twenty-one (21) in Clark County, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the Charter and laws governing the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a
municipality, permit the City to enter into programs which are beneficial to the youth
and citizens of this City; and

WHEREAS, such a program would be of benefit to the City of Las Vegas and 
expenditures may be authorized from the City for the purpose of creating and installing a
Youth Forestry Camp;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting held on the 16th day of September, 1959, that such facilities
as hereinabove described would be beneficial to the youth and citizens of the City of
Las Vegas and that said Board of Commissioners intends to budget or appropriate a
portion of the expenses toward the organization, establishment and installation of a
Youth Forestry Camp in Clark County, Nevada along with other agencies and individuals
contributing thereto.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that copies of this Resolution be delivered to the
Committee and persons interested in such Camp.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson________________

Oran K. Gragson, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag_________

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

Chief of Police Ray Sheffer expressed the appreciation of the committee for the City
Commission's support and stated further that he believed this was one of the biggest
steps in the right direction. His Honor Mayor Gragson commended Ray Sheffer for his
work in this regard.

9-16-59