At this time bids on tires and tubes for the La France fire truck were opened and
presented to the Board. 



Mr. Clark stated that he and Mr. Drew had made a survey of the street lights herein Las
Vegas and on the West Side and thereafter made a motion that the following lights be installed

West Side - 1 light at 5th & Gass, one at 7th & Gass, lights at 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th on Stewart
and at 6th and Washington. 3 lights on 12th, 13th and 14th on Fremont in the city, at 10th
and 11th on Carson, 10th, 11th and 12th on Stewart and at 12th and Ogden; also rebuilding

north main street line to the city limits, totaling 14 lights and the reconstruction of trans-
formers and renewal of same for the Memorial Building. Said work not to exceed the sum of
$2,500.00. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote. Aye, Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,

Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor. Noes, none. Motion carried.

At this time Mr. Tinch made a motion that the city purchase two tires size 40x8, unit
price $66.12, two tubes size 40x8, unit price $7.90 and one tire size 38x7 unit price $46.55
from the Motor Supply Co, and one tube size 38x7 from James Cashman, unit price $5.74, it appear-
ing that these bids were the lowest ones submitted. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Ayes,
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A supplemental letter of protest against Howell C. Garrison, signed by Ione Flickinger,
was found on the floor of the city clerk's office, and the same, was turned over by the Mayor
to the city attorney to make a report on at the next regular meeting of the Board to be held on June
16th, 1941.

Mr. Tinch. made a motion that the city let bids for four tires for Seagrave truck
size 32x6 10 ply, Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark
Rubidoux and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Nones, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Clark moved that bids be let for 1 double bed, 1 spring, 1 mattress, 2 pillows
and a cooler for the fire house. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Voter Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his Honor Howell Garrison voting aye. Noes, none. Motion
carried.

Mr. Bernard Burger appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the Recreation
Board and requested that the City allow $1,000.00 from the Recreation fund, for the purchase
of a bus to be used jointly by the Recreation Board and the Boy Scouts Organization. A letter
was read from Bryan L. Bunker, Chairman of the Recreation Board in support of said request.

Thereafter, Mr. Clark moved that $1,000.00 be allowed the Recreation Board for the purchase of
said bus and that the city attorney investigate the matter of insurance. Motion seconded
by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Upon recommendation by Mr. Smith, Mr. Tinch moved that Mr. Blackman be hired temporarily
as City Auditor at a salary of $100 per month. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners,
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried

Upon recommendation by Mr. Smith, Mr. Clark moved that the city employ Mr. George H.

Wood, Certified Public Accountant, to audit the books of the city of Las Vegas. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none, motion carried.

Upon motion by Mr. Clark that Mr. Hesse be hired on a temporary basis at a salary of
$10 per day to act as city engineer, building and plumbing inspector and seconded by Mr. Tinch
and upon the following vote; Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye,
noes, none, the motion was carried.

The Clerk read an application from the Hi-land Dairyman's Association for a permit
to sell	or deliver for sale, milk and cream	and	milk products within the city limits of	the city

of Las	Vegas to the Board and the	matter was	ordered referred to the Milk Inspector, Dr.	Smith.

An application for the position of City Auditor, signed by L. W. Buboltz was presented
to the Board and same was turned over to Commissioner Smith for future reference.

The application of F. B.	DeWald for	the	position of Building Inspector was read	to the

Board.	Mr. Tinch moved that said	application be	filed for future reference Seconded	by Mr.

Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none, motion carried.

The applications of Forest J. Eaton, Fred H. Callihan and Claude J. Mackey for the
position of street superintendent were read to the Board. Thereafter, Mr. Smith moved that
said applications be referred to the street commissioner and same be filed for future reference.

Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Voter Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A letter was read from E. K. Potter of Los Angeles regarding a right of way for the
railroad spur for the airport. This matter was turned over to the city attorney.

Mr. Whipple presented an estimate for three drinking fountains and a refrigerator
for the Golf club. Mr. Clark moved that the matter of purchasing supplies for the Golf Club
be postponed until the next regular meeting and that the Chairman of the Golf Board be requested
to appear before the City Board at that time and give a report on the improvements and finances
of the Club. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

Upon reguest by the Clerk, Mr. Clark moved that the city purchase a lino-time for her
office. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

No further business appearing at this time, Mr. Clark moved that the meeting adjourn
until June 16, 1941 at the hour of 7:30 P.M., Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners,
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.