Dear Mr. Mayor:

We acknowledge your letter of September 24, 1935 which we received today RE.
construction of Transmission Line Las Vegas to Boulder Dam, and also wishing a price on our
plant.

We will be very glad to defer further construction on our Transmission Line pending nego-
tiations with you and members of the Board.

If you will recall in our informal meeting with you and other members of the Board a
short time ago, we informed you that both our rate Engineer and Construction Engineer were
away on vacation, both are now back and working on their respective assignments and we will
notify you as soon as their studies are delivered to us.

Yours Truly,

Southern Nevada Power Company
By S.J. Lawson
	S.J. Lawson

Vice President & Gen'L. Manager.

SJL:ks

Vote on the foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and
Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The matter of having printed and prepared for distribution copies of the report of
Barry Dibble, Electrical Engineer, of the present power system in the City of Las Vegas
was brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that The Las Vegas Age print in booklet form 2500 copies of said report. The cost of same
to be $350.00.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 11th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 11th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of October 1935 at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Ward and
City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Farnsworth and Down.

Walter Hunsaker appeared before the Board and Stated that the games being played by the
Las Vegas Soft Ball League would terminate about October 25th, when the final playoff would be
played.

Claude Mackey, and a number of persons interested in the Horsemen's Association appeared
before the Board in regard to the erection of grandstands on the purposed site of the race
track. They were advised that work on the same would be started as soon as the present Soft
Ball League games had terminated.

A general discussion was entered into by those present on the PWA programmes now in
the course of construction. It was decided at this time that no other projects or PWA programmes
be started until the ones now under way had been completed.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney by direction of the Board of City Commissioners write to the Las Vegas
Land and Water Company in regards to the use of the Park grounds for a race track and the
erection of grandstands thereon as this ground had been given to the City of Las Vegas for park
purposes and same was stated in the deed from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company to the City
of Las Vegas, and the Board of Commissioners are desirous of living within the terms of the
deed.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Mr. Chas. Carroll, and Mr. Lewis appeared before the Board in regard to placing fire
extinguishers on the City owned rolling stock and in the various buildings owned by the City.

They were directed to confer with the Commissioners of the various City Departments.