	

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved that minutes of February 17, 23, 26 and March 1,

1954, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



PUBLIC HEARING This being the time heretofore set for the Public Hearing on the vacation of
Vacation of Boulder Ave. Boulder Avenue lying bn the Northeast comer of Second Street and Charleston Boulevard

the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this vacation of Boulder Avenue.

There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the vacation of Boulder Avenue on the north-
east comer of Second Street and Charleston Boulevard be approved and the follow-
ing adopted:

Order

A petition, dated the 16th day of December, 1953, signed by eight (8)
freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of
this Board, petitioning for the vacation of a portion of Boulder Avenue, lying
on the Northeast corner of Second Street and Charleston Boulevard, hereinafter
described and said Petition having been by Order of this Board referred to
the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recommendation in the
premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated January 19,

1954, with the Board recommending the approved, of said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the
20th day of January, 1954, set the 3rd day of March, 1954 at the hour of 7:30
P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners in the City Hall,
located at the Northwest comer of 5th and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place of the public hearing on said
Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid
strip of land proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting forth
the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Donald H. Brockley, filed with
the Clerk of this Board that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of
which notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 28th day of January,

1954, in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for
vacation and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this
Board having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said
petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, and Whipple constituting all members of said Board, and all
members voting in favor of said vacation, that the strip of land proposed to be
vacated is no longer required for the public use and convenience that said vacation
will inure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public
nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of street
as recorded in Book 1, of Plats, Page 51, Clark County Records, to-wit:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada and being more particularly
described as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the Southwest comer of Lot 13, Block 14 of South
Addition to the City of Las Vegas as recorded in Book 1, Page
	51 of the Clark County Recorder's Office, which is the true

point of beginning; thence South 62°15' East along the South
line of said Lot 13 a distance of 110.6 feet to a point on the
North right-of-way line of Charleston Boulevard; thence South
S9°57' West along the last above mentioned line of Charleston
Boulevard a distance of 125.03 feet to a point; thence North
27045' East a distance of 58.31 feet to the true point of begin-
ning.

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public Hearing on the appeal of the

VARIANCE APPLICATION	decision of the City Planning Commission denying the application for Variance of

Charles & Libby Shatz	Charles and Libby Shatz to construct and maintain ten apartments within ten feet

V-74—54	of the front property line on property situated at South 4th Street between Charles-

ton Boulevard and 4th Place on Lot 2, Replat of Lot L, Park Place Addition, the
matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. There were several
objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this variance application be referred back to
the Planning Commission for further study and the Public Hearing be continued
until March 17, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.