August 22, 1952

150

PURCHASE OF WATER CO



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
warrants

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Vowell & Hitchcock
Use Permit

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning of Madsen
Manor

public hearing

Rezdining of Bearden
Prop.

(CALL OF SPECIaL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 22nd
day of August, 1952, was called to order at the hour of 5:10 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor C.D. Baker
Commissioner:Wendell Bunker
Commissioner:Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner:William Peccole
Commissioner: Reed Whipple

City Attorney:Howard W. Cannon
City Manager:C.W. Shelly
Ass't City Manager:Dora Lord
City Clerk:Shirley Ballinger

. Commissioner Bunker moved that it be resolved that the Commission go on record as
approving the plan of the Water District to make an offer to the Union Pacific for the
purchase of the water producing and distributing facilities at a price of $2,500,000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,^

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 3, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 3rd day
of September, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor C.D. Baker
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Manager C.W. Shelley
Ass't City Mgr. Dora Lord
City Engineer C.C. Boyer
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Peccole moved that the Payroll Warrants Nos. 1335 to 1340 inclusive in the net
amount of $34,920.98 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners,

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2310 to 2314. inclusive in
the total amount of $27,967.36 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of August 11, 20, and 22, 1952 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye, noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of the Use Permit granted Vowell &
Hitchcock to operate a ready-mix plant at 1606 Truck Road, His Honor asked if there was anyone
present who wished to protest this use. The following persons appeared before the Board protesting
the operation of this plant:

MRS. SIGNA OSBOURNE, 250 New York
D.R. MORGAN	245 New York

MR. & MRS. HOWARD CaSSITY 247 New York

Thereafter Mr. Willaim Morse, representing Vowell and Hitchcock, requested the Board to allow this
Use Permit.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the appeal be denied and the Use Permit of Vowell and Hitchcock to
operate the Ready-Mix Plant at 1606 Truck Road allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Thomas Beam of the rezoning
of Lots 11 through 21 inclusive of Block 5, Madsen Manor from R-l to R-3, His Honor asked if there
was anyone present who objected to this rezoning. There were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Lots 11 through 21 inclusive of Block 5, Madsen Manor be rezoned,
from R-l to R-3, providing construction commences within ninety days on this project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Ada Bearden for rezoning of
a parcel of land approximately five acres in area, lying east of Shadow and in the vicinity of

Goldring Avenue from R-E to R-l, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest

this rezoning. There were no objections voiced.