Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to go to bid, bids to be opened June 3,

1959, and June 17, 1959, on the list of equipment as submitted by the City Manager with the 
exception that instead of bidding on a 1500 gallon tanker truck for the fire department, the bid
include an alternate of a 3000 gallon tanker fire truck.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE REHABILITATION	City Manager Kennedy pointed out to the Board that the City still had the original bid on the

FARM IRRIGATION SYSTEM	overhead system from Allen Water Well Service Company in the amount of $13,645.88 and had 

sufficient funds to proceed if the Board wished.

Commissioner Whipple stated that he felt there would be more expense with this type of system in
the long run and suggested that rather than proceed with the award of the overhead system the City 
Manager and Director of Public Works see what could be done by way of putting in about 20 acres
of the surface system at a time.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager and Director of Public Works be authorized to
negotiate for installation of a surface irrigation system on a 20 acre parcel at the Police
Rehabilitation Farm.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.	

-oOo-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 4:45 p.m. Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

ROBERT F. BOOS, Acting City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

MINUTES	MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada 

May 20, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this
20th day of May, 1959, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 p.m. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem
Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris	P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H.	Kennedy

City Attorney	Calvin	Cory

Acting City Clerk	Robert	F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

SHOW CAUSE HEARING	At the last regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held May 6, 1959, the restaurant

Charleston Inn	beverage license of Marie Rose Phillips doing business as the Charleston Inn, 1107 South 2nd

Marie Rose Phillips                    Street, was suspended effective immediately and licensee ordered to appear at this meeting to show

cause, if any she had, why her restaurant beverage license should hot be revoked. This action was
based on police investigation and report.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone present to speak in regard to this Show Cause
Hearing and Marie Rose Phillips spoke on her own behalf. She stated that she knew what the
charges were and the reason her license was suspended; however, she was innocent at the time as	

she was not aware that her restaurant beverage license did not cover the selling of 6-packs of
beer and that she had been operating in this manner for the five years she had been in business.

She stated further that it had not been brought to her attention by the Police Department until
this time.

Chief of Police Sheffer stated that there were 3 separate purchases made by investigators 
consisting of 2 6-packs and 1 fifth of wine, and referred the Commission to photographs of the 
establishment's interior and exterior which indicated more beer being advertised than food.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the licensee must have been informed of the limitations of this
license when it was issued. His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that there was no argument
about the fact that she had sold beer and wine in violation of her existing license and asked
Mrs. Phillips what her intention was and if she thought she could operate successfully without
selling package goods.

Mrs. Phillips stated that she did not need to sell package goods but that she did need the beer
to sell with food. Commissioner Sharp commented that from the looks of the signs, more beer was
being sold than food. Mrs. Phillips answered that the beer companies were very generous with
these signs but that they could come down.

Chief Sheffer added that in addition to the off sale, it is the opinion of the Police Department

5-11-59 and 5-20-59