The Commission discussed these plans. They considered the change of the door in the
center hallway; the two side windows being bricked up to a height of thirty inches
and then glass put in; and that an information desk be built in the lobby; that the
lobby walls be repainted and the panelling omitted. It was requested that bids for
the first two stages of this remodeling —the Print Shop and of the office for SNIF
be advertised immediately upon the final plans being checked by the Engineering
Department, and that a thirty-day period be set from the time of advertising until
bids are opened.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of John Replogle for payment of $600.00 for
the preliminary plans on the remodeling of City Hall be approved and the Comptroller
and Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Fred Kennedy of the Rich Plan for
reduction of the solicitor's license fee. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that
Rich Plan has a general business license, and would like reduction so that salesmen
could be sent house to house to solicit orders.

The City Manager stated that it was requested that the solicitor's license fee be
reduced to the general mercantile basis.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this request for reduction of solicitor's li-
cense fee be referred to the City Manager for investigation and the licenses re-
duced if the facts warrant the reduction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Discussion was held on the proposed sale of land in Woodlawn Cemetery for the pur-
pose of construction of a mausoleum. The City Manager presented a notice of sale
of approximately three acres, prepared by the City Attorney's office, as requested
at the June 19, 1957 regular meeting of the Board.

The Commission indicated they felt that if the land was to be sold that the request
for bidders should be more specific; that qualifications for bidders should be set
up, the amount of money anticipated to be spent in construction of a building, and
the time element as to commencement and completion of the structure.

Commissioner Fountain moved the proposed sale of a portion of land in Woodlawn
Cemetery be held for further investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported that a request had been received concerning reduction
or deletion of the requirement of business licenses for those types of businesses
that sell wholesale. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this particular clas-
sification contributes in business license fees, approximately $20,000 to $25,000
annually.

The Commission discussed the matter but indicated that there should be no change
in the ordinance as it exists.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposed contract with Mercy Ambulance to serve the City
with ambulance service for a one year period at $150.00 a month. The City Manager
reminded the Commission that this request had been approved and preparation of
the contract authorized at the last regular meeting of the Board, and requested
authorization for the Mayor to sign the contract. He advised the Commission that
there is a clause in the contract that permits cancellation upon sixty (60) days
notice.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the contract
with Mercy Ambulance Company, subject to cancellation upon sixty (60) days notice.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported that there had been a request for application for a
Retail Package liquor license by Mr. Eslie Dobbins at the Black Hawk Cafe,1302
C Street. He stated that Mr. Dobbins wished to have a beer bar at this location,
but according to the latest survey there were none of these licenses available.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this request for a package liquor license
be denied due to the fact there are no liquor licenses available, and the License
and Revenue Department authorized to refund Mr. Dobbin's deposit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of the Police Department for permission to send
one of the police detectives to a six-weeks training school given by the Califor-
nia State Narcotics Bureau. The City Manager indicated that the expense, in ad-
dition to the employee's salary, would be approximately $500.00, and recommended
this request be approved since the training would be invaluable for the officer
and the department.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that permission be granted to send Detec-
tive John Sleeper of the Police Department to the training course offered by the
California State Narcotics Bureau at an expense of approximately $500.00.

SOLICITORS LICENSE
Reduction

Rich Plan

SALE OF CEMETERY
LAND

Held for Study

WHOLESALE DEALERS
BUSINESS LICENSES

AMBULANCE CONTRACT



LIQUOR LICENSE
REQUEST

POLICE DETECTIVE
To Attend School