OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

August 22nd, 1928.

	

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of August, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: Commissioner, W. B. Mundy, Mayor- protem; Commissioners Smith,

German and Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor-protem.

The Clerk then read the following call for a Special Meeting:-

	Las Vegas, Nev. Aug. 22, 1928.

"To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

Call is hereby made for a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County
Court House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on Wednesday the 22nd day of August,

1928 at the hour of three o'clock P. M. to consider and act upon the employ-
ment of an engineer in connection with the proposed street improvements, and to
transact such other business as may lawfully come before the meeting. You will 
give notice of such meeting in accordance with this call.	

W. B. MUNDY.__________________

Mayor Pro. Tem. of the City of

Las Vegas.	"

The Clerk thereupon read the following notice of Special Meeting:-

Notice of Special Meeting of
Board of City Commissioners.

"To—the Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

A call having been issued by the Mayor Pro. Tem. therefor, you are hereby
notified that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of. the City
of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court
House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on Wednesday the 22nd day of August,	

1928 at the hour of three o'clock P. M. to consider and act upon the employ-
ment of an engineer in connection with the proposed street improvements, and to
transact such other business as may lawfully come before the meeting.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 22nd day of August, 1928.

(SEAL)	WM. L. SCOTT.

City Clerk.

We the undersigned hereby acknowledge receipt of due service of the foregoing
notice and assent to the holding of the meeting at the time, place and for the
purposes therein specified, and acknowledge that Mayor J. F. Hesse is absent
from said City.

Las Vegas, Nevada Aug. 22, 1928.

W. B. MUNDY

Mayor Pro. Tem.

W. C. GERMAN

O. J. SMITH

LeROY NEAGLE

Commissioners.	"

The Clerk read to the Board a number of letters of recommendation for each
Arthur P. Slocum and C. D. Baker, both of whom had been proposed for. the position
of City Engineer for the inspection of grading and paving of city streets. After
considerable discussion, the. matter of appointment of a City Engineer was held
over until a future meeting.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly carried, that
this meeting adjourn.