OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, 

MAY 17th, 1941

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 17th day of May, 1941 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Krause, Commissioners Gilbert and Corradetti, City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

An amendment to the lease had between the City of Las Vegas and the United States of America
for use of ground owned by the City of L s Vegas was considered at this time and the following
Resolution was introduced and adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, did enter into a certain lease with the
United States of America which lease bears date the 25th day of January, A.D., 1941, and covers
all of the southeast one-quarter (SE¼) of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of Section Three (3); all
of the southwest one-quarter (SW¼) of the northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of Section three (3); all of
the southeast one-quarter (SE¼) of the northeast one-quarter (NE¼) of Section four (4); all of the
northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of the southwest one quarter (SW¼) of Section three (3); all of the
northwest one-half (NW½) of the southwest one-quarter (SW¼) of the southwest one-quarter (SW¼) of

Section three (3): all contained in Township twenty (20) south Range sixty-two (62) east M.D.B. & M.
containing two hundred (200) acres ore or less which said lands were leased to the United States
of America for the purpose of the improvement and use of the same as and for an airport, and

WHEREAS the United States of America now desires to extend east and west runway number three
(3) of said airport over and upon the northeast one-quarter (NE¼) of the northwest one-quarter (NW¼)
of Section three (3) Township twenty (20) south, Range sixty-two (62) east M.D.B. & M. which lands
are now owned by the said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the United States of America desires that the said northeast one-quarter (NE¼) of the
northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section three (3) may be incorporated in and form a part of the
lands so leased to the United States of America by the said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas is willing to include the said northeast one-quarter (NE¼)
of the northwest one-quarter (NE¼) of said Section three (3) in said lease,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, that that certain lease above referred to between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as
lessor and the United States of America therein called the Government, bearing date the 25th day of
January, A.D., 1941 and leasing to the United States of America the lands first herein above
mentioned shall and does hereby include, in addition to the lands first above described and for the
uses and purposes in said lease more particularly set forth, and subject to all of the terms and con-
ditions of said lease, all of the northeast one-quarter (NE¼) of the northwest one-quarter (NW¼)
of Section three (3), Township twenty (20) south, Range sixty-two (62) east M.D.B. & M. save and
excepting there from one square acre in the southwest portion of the said forty (40) acre tract

which was	reserved by Bud	S. Barrett and Sue	Barrett, his wife, in their conveyance of said land to

the said City of Las Vegas and which said acre is described in the deed from the said Bud S. Barrett
and Sue Barrett his wife, to the City of Las Vegas as follows:

	SAVING AND EXCEPTING therefrom the southwest square acre thereof; providing,

however, that this conveyance is made upon the assumption that said excepted
acre will border on the new highway which the Grantors and Grantee contemplate
will be constructed within one year from the date hereof, and which will run from
U.S. Highway #91 to the airport which borders the east side line is the
Northeast one-quarter (NE¼) of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section three
(3), along and bordering but said highway being entirely south of the line separating
the North	one-half half (N½)	of the Northwest one quarter (NW¼) of said Section

(3), from	the South one-half	(S½) of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said

Section three (3), and in the event said highway does not to run, but runs entirely
or partially north of said line and across said Northeast one-quarter (NE¼) of the
Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section three (3), the Grantee agrees to ex-
change to the Grantors for the acre so excepted, enough of the land herein conveyed
to the end that Grantors have a square acre which borders on said proposed highway
said acre to be chosen by the Grantors; it being the intent of the parties hereto
that the Grantors shall retain a full square acre north of said highway and ex-
clusive of what may be taken from highway purposes, and the entire south boundary
of which borders or fronts on said proposed highway."

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That a certified copy of this Resolution be furnished to the United
States of America in order that the United States of America may have written evidence of the fact
that the said northeast (NE¼) of the northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section three (3) is
intended by the said City of Las Vegas to be and is and does hereby become a part, parcel and
portion of the lands originally covered by the aforementioned lease and subject to all of the terms
and conditions thereof.

Commissioner Corradetti proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution and the
same was seconded by Commissioner Gilbert and upon being put to vote was passed and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting aye; Commissioners Gilbert Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor H H Krause. Voting no,

None. Absent and not voting Commissioner Ronnow.

The matter of securing ground upon which the United States might erect a radio station was
considered at this time and on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
it was moved and carried that Commissioner Corradetti purchase the tax title land Southeast Quarter
of the Southeast quarter of Section 12 Township 20 South Range 61 East and transfer same to the
City of Las Vegas so that the same might be transferee to the United States Government, by lease.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert Corradetti and His honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

City Attorney Austin on behalf of the City presented to Mr. Earl N Tandberg a badge earring
the inscription Honorary Mayor, City of Las Vegas in appreciation of the very fine work and co-
operation Mr. Tandberg had rendered the City in all lines in connection with the Las Vegas Airport
and the C.A.A. of the United States of America.

Mr Austin also present Mr. Ochner with a badge bearing inscription "Caption of Police City
of Las Vegas" and advised him that all his orders were to be taken from the Chief of Police. Mr.

Ochner being the Engineer from the U S Engineering Office in Los Angeles placed in charge of the
construction work at the Las Vegas Airport.