to investigation and recommendation by the Police Department of the new partners
Messrs. Tilley and Daniels.

Motion seconded by Commissioner 'Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett,, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Robert E. Schoberth, Safeway Store
#280, 1300 E. Charleston Blvd, for a Retail Beverage license for the first quarter
of 1952 be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of John Amicucci, Sunset Liquor Store,

1027 South Main for a Tavern liquor license for the first quarter of 1952 in place
of a Retail Package (Mina.) liquor license formerly issued, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett and Mayor
Baker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Beryl B. Hayes, Whitey Hayes New
Yorker Bar, 115 South 1st for a Tavern liquor license for the first quarter of 1952
being a deletion of the partner C. F. Shaw be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Ellsworth E. Baker, Westside Shopping
Center, 1315 D Street for a Retail Beverage license for the first quarter of 1952 be
approved subject to investigation and recommendation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Peccole moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 2214 in the total

WARRANT	amount of $864.03 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CITY MANAGER -	Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager’s salary be increased $50.00 per month,

Salary Increase	effective January 1, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

  City Clerk		Mayor

* * * * * *********

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 2, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
2nd day of January, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	C. W. Shelley

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	William Peccole

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1261 to 1264 inclusive in the

net amount of $30,974.88 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign 
	same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners

Bunker and Peccole.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2215 to 2217 in-

WARRANTS	clusive in the total amount of 4,917.10 and Warrant No. 2218 in the total amount of

$778.66 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.