the 25 day of November, 1957, executed by Betty Fuller by Lucille R. Hart Attorney
in Fact to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Noble Lane &	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Anna H. Conley and W.H. Hicks for 40

Washington Avenue	feet of right-of-way for Noble Lane north of Bonanza Road, and 50 feet of right-of-way

for Washington Avenue west of Noble Lane.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

(RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED)

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W. Fountain,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4 day of December, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 20 day of
November, 1957, executed by Anna H. Conley and W.H. Hicks to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be and
is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

Noble Lane &	The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Harriet H. Lewis and Margaret H.

Washington Avenue	Gilbert for 40 feet of right-of-way for Noble lane north of Bonanza Road, and 50

v	feet of right-of-way for Washington Avenue west of Noble Lane.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

(RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.

Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4 day of December, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
15 day of November, 1957, executed by Harriet Harriman Lewis and Margaret Harriman
Gilbert to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Washington	The Board considered the deed from Gertrude M. Prior for 50 feet of right-of-way

Avenue	for Washington Avenue west of Noble Lane.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and 

carried  unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.

Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4 day of December, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 15 day of November, 1957, executed by Gertrude M. Prior to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

Bonanza Road, Noble Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from C.S. and Lottie Wengert and

Lane & Washington	C.L.  Ronnow for 40 feet of  right-of-way for Bonanza Road east of Noble Lane, 40

Avenue	feet of right-of-way for Noble Lane north of Bonanza Road, and 100 feet of right-

^	of-way for Washington Avenue east of Noble Lane.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and 

carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple,  duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.

Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4 day of December, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated

the 19th day of November, 1957, executed by C.L. Ronnow, C.S. Wengert and Lottie E.

12-4-57