OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

MAY 10th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Jimmy Fulcher be granted one slot machine license, Overland Drug Company three and L.L. Arnett
one.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion as to the collection of ample taxes to
cover the cost of the operation of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1938, and after some dis-
cussion on the matter the following Preambles and Resolution was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas did at a regular meeting held
on Friday, the Fourth day of March, A.D., 1938 at the hour of Seven o'clock P.M., prepare a
budget of the amount of money estimated by said Board of Commissioners of said City to be nec-
essary to pay the expenses of conducting the public business of said City for the year 1938 and
1939, in which said budget the said City did make a tax levy for the year 1938 in the sum of
One Dollar and Fifty Cents ($1.50) per Hundred Dollars upon the assess value of all real estate
and personal property within the	said City made taxable	by law	and	did also at said meeting	pass

and adopt a resolution levying	a tax for the year 1938	in the	sum	of Seventy-Nine Thousand	Three

Hundred Fifty Dollars ($79,350.00), the same being one and one-half per cent of the assessed
value of all the real estate and personal property within the said City, made taxable by law, and

WHEREAS the said budget and said resolution were thereupon filed with the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, and thereafter a copy of said budget and a certified copy of said
resolution were delivered to the Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, by the said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the said Board of County Commissioners of said County of Clark did at a meeting
held in the County Court House	in the said City of Las	Vegas,	County of Clark, on Thursday	the

10th day of March, A.D., 1938,	assume to fix the rate of taxation	for the said City of Las	Vegas

at the sum of One Dollar and Five Cents ($1.05) per Hundred Dollars of assessed valuation of all
property within said City, rather than the sum of One Dollar and Fifty Cents ($1.50) per Hundred
Dollars of such assessed valuation as so levied by this Board of City Commissioners, and

WHEREAS the said action of the said Board of County Commissioners was thereafter pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal under date of Thursday, March 10, 1938, and

WHEREAS it has otherwise come to the attention of this Board of City Commissioners that
the said Board of County Commissioners of the said County of Clark are endeavoring to arbitrarily
reduce the said tax rate within said City of Las Vegas from said figure of One Dollar and Fifty
Cents ($1.50) per Hundred Dollars of assessed valuation to the sum of One Dollar and Five Cents
($1.05) per Hundred Dollars of assessed valuation, and

WHEREAS it has come to the attention of this Board of City Commissioners that the County
Treasurer of said County of Clark has been instructed by said Board of County Commissioners and
other County officials acting under their direction in such regard, to credit unto the said City
of Las Vegas, from all tax monies received by him since the said tenth day of March, A.D., 1938,
on property within the said City of Las Vegas, at the rate of One Dollar and Five ($1.05) per
Hundred Dollars of assessed valuation of said property within said City instead of at the rate of
One Dollar and Fifty Cents ($1.50) per Hundred Dollars of assessed valuation of said property within
said City, and

WHEREAS this Board of City Commissioners is desirous of ascertaining the true fact as to
the rate per cent at which such tax money collected upon property within the said City of Las Vegas
is being credited to the said City of Las Vegas, since March 10, 1938,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to com-
municate in writing with the said County Treasurer of said Clark County, Nevada, and request the
said County Treasurer to make answer in writing to the following questions, namely:

1.	That amount of money has come into your hands as County Treasurer and
ex-officio Tax Collector of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, as
taxes paid upon property situate within the City of Las Vegas, for the
year 1938?

2.	At what rate per cent of the assessed value of all property within the
City of Las Vegas, have you credited such tax money actually received,
to the City of Las Vegas?

3.	Has it been credited at the same rate per cent of assessed value, and
if not, on what day was a change of rate percent made by you?

4.	What was the change made, if a change was made?

5.	If a change was made, please state how much money was credited under

one rate, naming the rate, and how much money was credited under another rate,
naming the rate.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to report
back to this body the answers made to said questions by the said County Treasurer, at the first
meeting of this Board of Commissioners held after such answers are received by said Attorney.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that at the time of submitting the aforesaid questions in writing
to said County Treasurer, the said City Attorney do furnish to the said County Treasurer a certi-
fied copy of this resolution.

The above and foregoing resolution was proposed by Commissioner Ronnow, who moved the
adoption thereof and the same was seconded by Commissioner Krause and the said Resolution was there-