At this time the Commission considered the request of the J. C. Penney Company for
permission to construct a canopy over the alley adjoining their building at 6th and
Fremont (Block 2, Hawkins Addition) to provide a pedestrian breezeway between the ex-
isting building and a proposed annex. The Commission was advised that the building
plans submitted by the Contractor show a twenty-five foot wide canopy over the alley
fifteen (15') feet to the rear of the 6th Street property line with a clearance of
thirteen (13') feet above the alley surface. Supervisor of Building and Safety, Art
Trelease, recommended that the clearance above the alley be l4'6" instead of the 13'
and that provision for removal of this canopy upon a 30 day notice by the City, be re-
quired.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that J. C. Penney Company be granted permission to
construct a canopy over the alley in Block 2 of Hawkins Addition, 25' wide with a clear-
ance of l4'6" subject to the condition that the Company agrees to remove this canopy
upon a 30 day notice from the City to do so.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the plan for the development of the UPRR property lying between
Bonanza Road, Vegas Creek, UPRR tracks and Highland Drive be deferred until August 13,

1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the petition of O. H. Nelson, A. W. Duffin, Lloyd Katz and
Gertrude Sperling for the vacation of a portion of Park Circle located in Westwood
Park Tract No. 2. the Planning Commission recommended this vacation be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing on this petition for vacation be
held on September 5, 1956 at the hour of 8:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended the request of Wells-Stewart, contractor for the installation
of improvements on Decatur and Charleston Blvds. for partial payment in the amount of
$16,472.35 be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation be accepted and payment to Wells-Stewart
Construction Co. in the amount of $16,472.35 approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map on Morning view Heights No. 2 be deferred
until the next regular meeting of the Board on August 15, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the application of Forest Lawn Memorial Chapel
Inc. to operate a mortuary on the east side of North Main between the Nevada Highway
Department and Foremaster Lane, in a C-2 zone. The Commission was advised the Board
of Adjustment approved this application subject to the applicant signing an agreement
to install off-site improvements, the filing of a performance bond, and the plot plan
as amended by the Traffic Engineer.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 1st day of August, 1956, having considered the application of Forest
Lawn Memorial Chapel Inc. for a Use Permit to operate a mortuary on the east side of
North Main between the Nevada Highway Department and Foremaster Lane, in a C-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving the
application subject to the applicant signing an agreement to install off-site improvements,
the filing of a performance bond, and the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of Forest Lawn
Memorial Chapel Inc. for a Use Permit to operate a mortuary on the east side of North
Main between the Nevada Highway Department and Foremaster Lane in a C-2 zone, be approved
subject to the conditions as set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
stated that his firm drew the plot plan for this proposed mortuary but had no further
interest in the project and passed his vote.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Harry E. Fightlin for the permit to
build and operate a medical office on Maryland Parkway between Bridger and Lewis Avenues
(Lots 23 through 27, Block 10, Pioneer Heights Addition) in an R-4 zone. The Board of
Adjustment approved this application subject to the applicant signing an agreement and
posting a performance bond. The Commission was advised that these conditions had been
complied with.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

CANOPY OVER ALLEY
J. C. Penney Co.



DEVELOPMENT PLAN
UPRR

VACATION OF STREET
Park Circle
Public Hearing Set

DECATUR & CHARLESTON
STREET IMPROVEMENT
Partial Payment to
Contractor

MORNINGVIEW HEIGHTS
No. 2

Tentative Map

USE PERMIT -U-34-56
Forest Lawn Memorial
Chapel Inc. Approved



USE PERMIT -U-35-56
Dr. Harry E. Fightlin
Approved