467

RESOLVED that, at the first tax levy of the City of Las Vegas following the creation
of the emergency indebtedness aforesaid, the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of las
Vegas shall and he is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to levy a tax sufficient
to pay said indebtedness which shall be designated "City of Las Vegas Emergency Tax",
and the proceeds thereof shall be paid into an emergency fund in the Treasury of the City
of Las Vegas and shall be used solely for the purpose of redeeming the emergency loan for
which the same is levied, and be it further

RESOLVED that, after said emergency loan is approved by the State Board of Finance,
as in said act provided, the Board of Commissioners of said City shall effect the acquisi-
tion of the monies aforesaid ty a transfer of surplus funds as hereinabove set forth, and
be it further

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to immediately
forward a certified copy of this Emergency Resolution to the State Board of Finance, at
Carson City, Nevada, for its approval, as required by the Act aforesaid.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there were any present who wished to protest the application
of this Board for Emergency Loan.

There being no one present who wished to protest this application, Commissioner Moore moved
the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 At this time Mr. Rulon Earl addressed the Board and moved that those persons present at this
open meeting take a vote to see if they are in favor of backing the City Commission on its
recommendation for Emergency Loan.

This motion was seconded by Mr. George Franklin Sr., and carried ty the following vote:

Those	Voting	Aye:	Mr.	Paul Jones	Mr.	J. C. Brewer

Mr.	Mike Gordon	Mr.	C. A. Christmas

Mr.	Ralph Hensinger	Mr.	Wm. B. Lyons

Mr.	George Franklin Sr.	Mr.	Carl F. Amante

Mr.	Rulon Earl	Mr.	Walter Zick

Mr.	George Von Tobel	Mr.	Lorrin Ronnow

Mr.	William Carter	Mr.	R. A. Blonde

Those	Voting	Nay:	None

Those Passing Vote:	Mr. R. J. Kaltenbom	Mr. William Bearley

Mr. Charles Pipkin	Mr. Dan Smith

Commissioner Moore moved that a certified copy of the foregoing resolution and proceedings be
sent immediately to the State Board of Finance in Carson City, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Moore moved that the minutes of September 7, 1949 be approved by reference and the

	Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AUCTIONEER LICENSE -	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of William L. Wolfson, Wolfson Jewelry, 104

Wm. L. Wolfson	Fremont for an Auctioneers License from September 14 to 30, 1949 be granted.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of the Eldorado Club Inc., 128 Fremont for

Eldorado Club	12 additional slot machines for the third quarter of 1949 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Moore moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 1844 for $4,095.96 and No. 1849

WARRANTS	for $150.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION FOR IMPROVEMENTS Commissioner Whipple moved that the petition received from property owners in Mayfair Tract
Mayfair Tract #2	#2 for improvements on 17th Street from Carson Avenue southwesterly to Charleston Boulevard

	be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXICAB OWNERS	At this time discussion was held with taxicab owners present, relative to taxicab stand loca-

	tions. Thereafter the Board requested the taxicab owners to meet and attempt to come to an

agreement and make their report to the Board at its next regular meeting on September 22, 1949.

DRIVEWAY PERMIT -	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of L. B. Scherer & Associates ty L. 0. Waddell

L.B. Scherer & Assoc. for a 32 foot driveway on Ogden Avenue just off of First Street be held in abeyance for further
	investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and  carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.