Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Ben Taylor for a variance to
replace an existing non-conforming dwelling with a new one at 707 Jackson
Avenue be denied, as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and Bis Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

VARIANCE V-17-59	The Commission considered the application of Claude I. Howard for a variance

Claude I. Howard	to construct a 5-unit apartment building on a 5,528 square foot lot at 222 New

York Avenue, between Industrial Road and Fairfield Avenue, legally described as
Approved	a portion of the NW¼, NW¼, NE¼, SE¼, Section 4, T21S, R61E, in an R-4 zone.

Director of Planning Bills explained if this lot contained 6,000 square feet,

Mr. Howard would have been able to build 6 units thereon; however, under the
ordinance, he could only build one unit on this size lot which was large
enough to accommodate five units with sufficient parking and setbacks.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Claude I. Howard for a variance
to construct a 5-unit apartment building at 222 New York Avenue be approved as
recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1.	Conformance to the plot plan as amended.

2.	Signing of an agreement to install sidewalks as recommended by the
Engineering Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

USE PERMIT U-16-59	The Commission considered the application of Wilbur Clark for a use permit to

Wilbur Clark	construct a gasoline filling station at 1550 Tonopah Highway, generally located

at the southeast corner of Vegas Drive and Tonopah Highway (U. S. Highway 95)
Refer to	legally described as Lot 1, and a portion of Lots 19 and 20, Block 21, Twin

Planning Commission	Lakes Village Unit #5, in a C-1 zone.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Zoning Adjustment had no
recommendation, inasmuch as a motion to approve this application failed to
pass, and a motion to deny failed to pass. He stated, further, that three
letters of protest were received and there were seven protestants present at
the hearing.

Commissioner Sharp stated at the joint meeting between the Planning Commission
and City Commission, which was held recently, the Planning Commission asked that
this particular application be referred to their Board for further study; therefore, 
Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Wilbur Clark for a use permit
to construct a gasoline filling station at 1550 Tonopah Highway be referred to
the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

USE PERMIT U-21-59	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of A. G. Noorda for a use permit to

A. G. Noorda	construct professional offices at 2100 Maryland Parkway, legally described as a

portion of the SE¼, NE¼, SE¼, SE¼, Section 3, T21S, R61E, generally located on
Approved	the west side of Maryland Parkway, between St. Louis and San Francisco, in an

R-4 zone, be approved as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject
to the following conditions:

1.	Conformance to the Plot Plan as submitted.

2.	That no more than one sign per office, including the pharmacy, be permitted,
and that such signs shall be no more than 1' x 3', non-neon, non-flashing,
non-internally lighted, and be placed flat against the building and not
projecting beyond any building or roof line.

3.	That the pharmacy be restricted to the selling of pharmaceutical goods and
prescriptions and that it be specifically noted that the pharmacy is an
incidental use to the particular professional offices at this location.

4.	Signing of an improvement agreement and posting of bond for the installation
of sidewalks and street lights.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

USE PERMIT U-25-59	The Commission considered the application of the U. S. Department of Agriculture

U. S. Department of	for a use permit to conduct a quasi-public use, to wit: Forest Service facilities

Agriculture	at 1217 Bridger Avenue, between Maryland Parkway and 13th Street, legally described 

as the west 95' of Lots 9, 10 and 11, Block 4, Ladd's Addition, in an R-4
Approved	zone. Applicant proposed to use the existing buildings, consisting of a small

office space and sleeping quarters, for this facility.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission approval had been recommended
by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to certain conditions, one of which
had. been that the applicant enter into an assessment district for improvements
when such district was formed; however, information had been received that the
U. S. Government was not allowed to sign such an agreement, as such, and this
stipulation had been deleted.

City Manager Kennedy stated, even though the Government could not make such an
agreement, it would be possible to assess them for the improvements. Director
of Public Works Sauer advised there was a half-alley involved and it would 
possibly be five years before such an improvement would be required.

11-4-59