432

It would seem that ordinary diligence and practise should apply equally
to municipal as to private management and the dictates of sound business
practise would urge the thought that a serious laxity has heretofore ex-
isted in the prosecution of this important piece of City business. It
seems to your committee that responsibility for this condition must be
placed on those charged with the administration of the affairs of the city
and this must primarily be the city commissioners, and under our form of
administration, the city manager and if there be fault or dereliction
these should be sought out to the end that repetition of these same con-
ditions shall be eliminated as much as possible.

Since all of the matters referred to herein came to pass before the members
of your committee took office it is with some reluctance that they make any
recommendation herein, preferring perhaps, to have the matter decided even in
its preliminary stages before the whole board; however, a sense of obligation
and the urgency that this matter should be met and disposed of prompts the
following recommendations:

1.	That the proposed enabling ordinance be enacted and made op-
erative with all due dispatch, and,

2.	That those who have been charge with the administration of this
matter be required to explain, if now possible, why a matter of
such apparent importance was allowed to drag along unattended
for so long a period and that remedial practices be instituted
forthwith in an attempt to prevent recurrence.

The above entitled ordinance was then read in full to the Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that Ordinance No. 386 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

OPENING OF BID	This being the time for the opening of bids for the installation of a sanitary sewer in

Special Assessment special assessment district No. 200-0, bids were received from the following firms:

District #200-0

	Nevada Construction Co.	Las Vegas, Nevada	$21,753.44

George E. Miller	Reno, Nevada	21,696.30

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Mana-
ger and City Attorney for inspection.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

SETBACK VARIANCE	His Honor read a letter of recommendation from the Regional Planning Commission under date

Oscar Logan	of July 15, 1949 relative to the request of Mr. Oscar Logan for a Setback Variance, Lots 1

and 2, Block 7 of Pioneer Heights Addition.

	Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved that the foregoing request for setback variance be

denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Moore. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

REZoNING - Westside Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Park Tract.	Commission as contained in their letter of July 15, 1949, the request of Clem Malone,

Westside Park Tract for the rezoning of property SE 1/4 of Section 21, T. 20 S., R. 61 E.
be considered at a public hearing on August 22, 1949 at 3:00 P. M. Further that the City
	Clerk be instructed to publish the proper notice of this public hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

CRESTWOOD	HOMES	Commissioner Moore moved that pursuant to the	recommendation of	the Regional Planning Com-

Tract #3 -	Final	mission under date of	July 21, 1949, the final map of Crestwood	Homes, Tract #3 be approved

Map Approved	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign this map subject to check by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

ZONE VARIANCE	Commissioner Moore moved that upon the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission

NO. 72	as contained in their	letter of July 15, 1949	the request of P.	L. Jefferson, Lots 5 and 6,

Approved	Block 11, Valley View	Addition for permission	to use these lots	for "CS" Commercial be

granted subject to the conditions set forth by the Regional Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

CIVIL SERVICE	At this time His Honor read a letter from Milton W. Keefer, Civil Service Trustees, notifying

TRUSTEES	the Board that they had elected Mr. Keefer as Chairman and that the terms of office of the

members had been determined.

	Commissioner Moore moved that the aforementioned letter be ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

TAXICAB RATE	Commissioner Bunker moved that the notification from Tanner Motor Tours of Nevada, Ltd.,

CHANGES - Tanner and Lucky Cab Company of their intention to change local fares and charges, effective
Motors & Lucky August 1, 1949, be ordered filed.

Cab Company