VARIANCE

Elijah Pullens
V-14-55

USE PERMIT 

Jewish Community
Center
U-12-55

USE PERMIT

Rt. Rev. R. J. Dwyer

u-15-55

CATHOLIC CHURCH
Property Trade
Escrow Instructions

USE PERMIT
John Sorenson
U-16-55

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 4th day of May, 1955, having considered the application of
Anthony Kasian to operate and maintain a plant nursery on land described as a portion
of the NE¼ SE¼, Section 29, T20S, R61E, M.D.B. & M. generally described as being
located in the rear of 2228½ West Bonanza Road, east of Dyke Lane, in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Anthony Kasian
to operate and maintain a plant nursery on land described as a portion of the NE¼, SE¼,
Section 29, T20S, R61E, M.D.B. & M. generally described as being located in the rear
of 2228½ West Bonanza Road, east of Dyke Lane, in an R-1 zone, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Elijah Pullens for a variance to
reguild or replace a condemned building now used for commercial purposes, Lot 6, Block 12,
Valley View Addition, in an R-4 zone, V-14-55, as denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Elijah Pullens for a variance be held
in abeyance for investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application for a use permit by the Jewish
Community Center of Las Vegas, Incorporated, to construct a building to house Sunday
School Classrooms, Assembly Hall and Synagogue in that portion of SE¼, NW¼, Section 2,

T21S, R61E, North of the extension of Bracken Avenue east of 15th Street and the Ridgeview
Tract in an R-1 Zone; U-12-55, approved, subject to two means of traffic access, by the
Board of Adjustment.

Mr. V. Gray Gubler appeared before the Board on behalf of protestants against this use
permit. Mr. David Zenoff spoke on behalf of the Jewish Community Center of Las Vegas,
Incorporated, favoring this rezoning.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of V. Gray Gubler on behalf of the appellants
and David Zenoff on behalf of the applicant consenting to waive the setting of the public
hearing on the appeal on this application for use permit for the next meeting of the
Board and requesting that the time for public hearing be set at this meeting, be accepted
and said hearing held May 25, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time an appeal on behalf of the protestants against this use permit for the Jewish
Community Center of Las Vegas, Incorporated, was filed by Mr. Gubler.

At this time the Board considered the application of the Rt. Rev. Robert J. Dwyer, Bishop
of Reno for a use permit to erect a church and rectory on property situated at the south-
east comer of St. Louis and Eastern Avenue (510' x 510' of the NW¼, SW¼, Section 1, T21S,
R61E, MDB&M) in an R-1 zone, U-15-55, as approved by the Board of Adjustment. This matter
was held in abeyance until the next meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the
escrow instructions for the trade of city property with the Catholic Church, said property
being approximately 510 ft. by 510 ft. located in Sec. 2, T21S, R61E, MDB&M, subject to
verification of proper description by the Engineering Department and check by the City
Attorney of these instructions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:00 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 9:40 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Dr. and Mrs. John Sorenson for
a use permit to construct a building to be used for doctors and a medical dispensary on
property situated at West Charleston between Shadow Lane and Desert Lane (a portion of
SE¼, SW¼, Section 33, T20S, R61E, MDB&M) in an R-E zone, U-16-55, as denied by the Board
of Adjustment.

Mr. Elwin Leavitt appeared on behalf of the Sorensons and requested a hearing.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
and that this application for a use permit be denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of May, 1955, having considered the application of Dr. and
Mrs. John Sorenson for a use permit to construct a building to be used for doctors and
a medical dispensary on property situated at West Charleston between Shadow Lane and
Desert Lane (a portion of SE¼, SW¼, Section 33, T20S, R61E, MDB&M) in an R-E zone,

U-16-55; and

5-4-55