BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the deed from William L. and Bertha Downing for the extension of a portion of "H"
Street to the North City limits, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw the
standard resolution which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of January, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 4th
day of January, 1957, executed by William L. Downing and Bertha Downing husband and wife, to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Ray P. Davis, new owner of the Bright Spot,

301 Stewart Street for a license for three slot machines be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Milton Prell and Associates, new owners of
the Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont, for gaming license be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Cardinal and Sullivan for license for three
slot machines at the Coffee Pot, 18 Garces and five slot machines at Safeway Store, 1300
East Charleston be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Harriet Cicchetti for a restaurant beverage
license at Rocco's, 2008 East Charleston be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Cecil Lynch for a tavern liquor license at the
Golden Slot, 22 Fremont Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Ernest M. Krabbenhoft for a second hand
dealers license at Ernie's Store, 221 North 1st Street and W. H. Williams for a second hand
dealers license at the White Elephant, 4l7 North Main Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 4339 through 486l in the net amount
of $74,546.57 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 9162 through 9294 in
the total amount of $96,294. 81 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of January 2 and 10, 1957 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor announced this was the time set for public hearing on the appeal of the granting
of the Use Permit to the Catholic Church to construct a parochial school, auditorium and
rectory on Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell Drive.

His Honor asked that those who were opposed to the granting of the use permit present their
facts first.

Mr. William Gelder appeared before the Commission on behalf of himself and other property
owners within the area, to protest this use permit. He said that these property owners had
invested large sums of money in that neighborhood relying on the fact that zoning was R-A
and R-E. He said the people did not object to the construction of a church, but that a
school and auditorium would bring an increased amount of traffic and noise.

Mr. Joseph Foley, representing the Catholic Church appeared and stated that the objectors had
offered nothing new since the other hearings on this matter and requested that this appeal
be denied.

"H" Street

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Owner

GAMING APPLICATION
Pioneer Club

Addn'l Locations

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

New Owner

SECOND HAND DEALERS

LICENSES



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit - U-43-56
Catholic Church