UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Federal Emergency Administrator of
Public Works

By (sgd) E.W. Clark_______________________

For the Assistant Administrator

be and the same is hereby in all respects accepted.

Section 2. That this acceptance of the said offer by the United States of America to the City
of Las Vegas shall be effective when a copy of this resolution, duly certified by the City
Clerk, shall have been received by the Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works.

Section 3. That this Board of City Commissioners agrees to abide by all the Terms and con-
ditions ( PWA From No. 210, July, 1936) relating to such grant, a copy of which terms and
conditions was annexed to the Government's offer to the City of Las Vegas and made a part
thereof.

Section 4. That it is hereby covenanted that the work on the project described in the offer
will be commenced as early as possible but in no event later than January 11, 1937; that the
work will be planned so that it will reach a substantial peak before April, 11, 1937; and that
the project will be completed by January 11, 1938.

Section 5. That the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed forthwith to
send to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works three certified copies of this Res-
olution and three certified copies of the proceedings of this Board of City Commissioners
in connection with the adoption of this resolution, and such and further documents or proofs
in connection with the acceptance of said offer as may be requested by the Federal Emergency
Administration of Public Works.

The above resolution was seconded by Commissioner Down and adopted, with the following named
Commissioners voting "Aye"; L.L. Arnett, James. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble and
Ward; and the following named Commissioners voting "Nay": none.

The Mayor thereupon declared said resolution carried and the Mayor and the City Clerk there-
upon signed said resolution an approval thereof.

Mr. Peters and Mr. Mackey appeared before the Board in regard to the installation of the heating
system in the War Memorial Building. They were informed that they would receive the cooperat-
ion of the Board in this matter.

The Board having had under consideration the advisability of causing to be made certain street
improvements within the City of Las Vegas comprising oil bound gravel and concrete curbs and
gutters, and having decided that it is necessary to defray a major portion of the expense by
special assessment against the property in said district, it is therefore

ORDERED that C.D. Baker, the City Engineer, prepare and file with the City Clerk estimates
of the expense thereof to be made and also plats and diagrams of such proposed improvements and
of the work and of the locality to be improved.

The property to be effected by the said improvements and the location thereof is as follows:

All of Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to and including its southern most end; all of Seventh
Street from its north end where it intersects with the Union Pacific Railroad grounds, south
to and including Garces Street; all of Eighth Street from Mesquite Avenue to and including
Clark Street; all of Ninth Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street; all of Tenth Street
from Ogen to Fremont Street; all of Eleventh Street from Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Linden
Avenue from Sixth Street to Seventh Street; all of Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Eighth
Street; all of Stewart Avenue from Fifth Street to Ninth Street; all of Ogden Street from the
alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets to Ninth Street; all of Carson Street from Fifth Street
to Eighth Street; All of Bridger Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Lewis Street
from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; All of Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street;
all of Bonneville Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Garces Street from Fifth
Street to Seventh Street: all of Charleston Boulevard from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all
of Division Street from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; all of Fifth Place.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the
City Clerk cause a notice of the special assessment to be published and posted as is required
by law in the following form.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT____________

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas purposes
to cause to be made certain street improvements comprising oil bound gravel street surface
and concrete curbs and gutters; that the expense of such improvements will be defrayed as follows:
45% will be grant by the Federal Government and the remaining 55% will be defrayed by special
assessment upon the said property according to benefits and improvements made thereon.

That it is proposed to make said improvements upon the following described property, to-wit:

All of Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to and including its southern most end; all of Seventh
Street from its north end where it intersects with the Union Pacific Railroad grounds, south
to and including Garces Street; all of Eighth Street from Mesquite Avenue to and including Clark
Street; all of Ninth Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street; all of Tenth Street from
Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Eleventh Street from Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Linden Avenue
 from Sixth Street to Seventh Street; all of Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Eighth
Street; all of Stewart Avenue from Fifth Street to Ninth Street; all of Ogden Street from the
alley between Fifth and Sixth Street to Ninth Street; all of Carson Street from Fifth Street
to Eighth Street; all of Bridger Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; All of Lewis Street
from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street;
all of Bonneville Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; All of Garces Street from Fifth
Street to Seventh Street; All of Charleston Boulevard from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all
of Division Street from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; all of Fifth Place.