City on Tuesday the 4th day of May, 1943, at which election there shall he
elected a commissioner of the first class and a commissioner of the third
class and a Mayor each of whom shall be elected for a term of four years, and
a city attorney and judge each of whom shall hold office for two years or
until his respective successor is elected and qualified, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the places in said city for holding said election
and voting thereat are hereby determined as follows:

For Precinct No. 1. Municipal Court Room, next to alley on North Second

Street, between Fremont and Ogden Streets.

For Precinct No. 2. City Library Building, adjoining 217 Carson Street

For Precinct No. 5.	Catholic Recreation Hall, 317 South Second Street

For Precinct No. 4.	Clark's Garage, Clark Street (south side between Main

and First Street.

For Precinct No. 5. War Memorial Building, Fifth and Stewart Streets.

For Precinct No. 6. Show Room, Earhart Motors, 507 Fremont Street.

For Precinct No. 7. Grammar School Gymnasium, Fourth Street between Lewis

and Clark Streets.

For Precinct No. 8. Show Room, Western Heating and Ventilating Company,

710 South Main Street.

For Precinct No. 9. McWilliams Garage, rear of 222 Wilson Avenue, ”C”

Street entrance.

For Precinct No. 10. Quality Plumbing Building, 1020 Fremont Street.

For Precinct No. 11. Garage, rear 118 ”F” Street, West Side.

For Precinct No. 12. Mesquite Club Building, 607 South Fifth Street.

For Precinct No. 13. Dance Hall, Helldorado Village, Fifth Street entrance.

For Precinct No. 14. High School Gymnasium, 300 Block South Eighth Street.

For Precinct No. 15. Garage, rear 703 S. 8th Street, between 8th and 9th

on Garces.

For Precinct No. 16. City Mercantile Building, 1220 South Main Street.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor of the City forthwith make proclamation
hereof.

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing preamble and the resolution be
adopted and the Mayor authorized to proclaim a general city election to be
held on the 4th day of May, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote; Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BUS FRANCHISE      The application of the Vegas Transit Co. for a bus franchise from the City of

Las Vegas was referred to the Ctiy Attorney.

CIVIL AERONAUTICS Commissioner Clark moved that the motion heretofore made granting the C.A.A.
ADMINISTRATION   lease of a certain room of the Airport administration building for $1.00
BUILDING	  per annum be recinded and that a new lease be entered into on the basis of

LEASE	$30.00 per month. The City to furnish janitor service, heating and supplies.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following voter
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

TRANSCONTINENTAL A proposed lease between the Transcontinental and Western Air, Inc. and the
AND WESTERN    City of Las Vegas for the use of an office in the administration building at
AIR, INC.	the Las Vegas airport was submitted. Commissioner Clark moved that the 

LEASE	proposed lease be approved, with the exception of the clause "payments 

thereafter to be made within ten (10) days after receipt of lessor’s written billing",
which appears on Page 1, Lines 11, 12 and 13 of said proposed lease and that
the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign said lease. Further, that said
rent is due and payable on the first of each and every month thereafter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Noes none.



TENT CHURCH  	A letter was read from Rev. James A. Druegiud requesting permission to hold

church services in a tent, temporarily, on Fremont Street. The matter was
referred to the Police Department.

STREET DEPT.  The report of the Street Superintendent, Mi E. Leavitt, was read and ordered
REPORT	filed.

VIOLET HARTMAN	Commissioner Tinch moved that Violet Hartman be hired to replace Regina

CLERK	 Blucher as clerk in the Disposal Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.