OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, June 18, 1928.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 18th day of June, 1928, at the hour of one o'clock P. M. Present:
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy
Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At the special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, the Clerk read the following
call for special meeting to the Board of City Commissioners, and Notice of Special meeting to the
Board of City Commissioners:

Las Vegas, Nevada June 18, 1928.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Council Room of said Board at
the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on Monday the 18th day of
June, 1928 at the hour of one o'clock P. M. to act upon the resignation
of R. E. Lake, Jr., as City Marshal, heretofore tendered to said Board;
to consider and act upon the matter of the appointment of a successor
to such office; to transact such other business as may rightfully come
before the Board. You are hereby directed to give notice of such meet-
ing in pursuance to this call.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

To J. F. Hesse, Mayor and to W. C. German, LeRoy Neagle, O. J. Smith and W. B. Mundy,
Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas.	

Pursuant to a call this issued by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, you
are hereby notified that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will be held at the
Council Room of said Board at the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on
Monday the 18th day of June, 1928 at the hour of one o'clock P. M. to act upon

the resignation of R. E. Lake, Jr., as City Marshal, heretofore tendered to
said Board; to consider and act upon the matter of the appointment of a success-
or to such office; to transact such other business as may rightfully come before
the Board.

WITNESS my hand and the seal of said City this 18th day of June, 1928.

WM. L. SCOTT

CITY CLERK.

(SEAL)

We, the undersigned, being Mayor and City Commissioners, respectively,
of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby acknowledge due service of the foregoing
notice this 18th day of June, 1928.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor.

O. J. Smith

W. B. Mundy

LeRoy Neagle

W. C. German

Commissioners.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following letter of resignation of said Marshall to the

Board:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

	June 18, 1928.

To the Mayor and City Council
of the City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

I do hereby most respectfully tender to you my resignation as Chief of
Police of the City of Las Vegas, such resignation to become effective upon the
acceptance. In tendering my resignation I am doing so with the full knowledge
that I am entirely free from all legal and moral culpability or blame for the
unfortunate homicide that occurred on the evening of the 16th instant, while
I was engaged in the performance of my duty as a Police Officer, the reason for