To consider and act upon certain parts of the lease between the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada and the Western Air Express Corporation covering the transfer of the present
Air Port now used and owned by the Western Air Express Corporation to the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada

Viola Burns - City Clerk - By Le Roy Whipple, Deputy.
ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE.

We the under signed Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of a Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	C.V.T. Gilbert,	Herb Krause,	A. Corradetti Joe S. Ronnow

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner

Absent Commissioner Joe S. Ronnow.

The business to be considered at this time was brought before the Board in the form of a letter
calling attention to the following matters of understanding, and escrow instructions.

November 18, 1940

City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada

Attention Honorable John L. Russell, Mayor
Gentlemen:

In compliance with your request, we are forwarding to the Civil Aeronautics Board, Santa Monica,
California, a complete copy of the escrow instruction, which embrace the agreement between us
under which we are deeding to you our airport located adjacent to your City.

We have complied with this request and we propose to execute the original escrow instructions
and the original documents mentioned in the instructions which will be deposited by us in the
escrow in reliance on our understanding with you concerning certain matters which are not ex-
pressly covered in the instructions and the various documents which will be deposited in the
escrow.

Our understanding with you includes the following matters:

(a)	On and as of December 15, 1939 we entered into a written agreement with Southern
Nevada Telephone Co., under which we agreed to quitclaim to the Telephone Company without
Charge all necessary easements and rights of way over the airport for the construction, installation
, and maintenance of the telephone line mentioned in the agreement, and to furnish to the

Telephone Company without charge appropriate space at the airport to be selected by us for a
telephone pay station booth. You are to recognize and give effect to all such easements and
rights of way, and will furnish to the Telephone Company without charge an appropriate space
at the airport for a telephone pay station booth. Copy of said agreement is hereto attached
and hereby made a part hereof.

(b)	On September 20, 1933 a written agreement was entered into with Southern Nevada
Power Company relating to the installation and maintenance of a power line to and upon the
airport. You are to recognize and give effect to any easements and rights of way to which that
Company may be entitled by reason of the agreement and the installation by it of a power line

to and upon the airport. Copy of said agreement is	hereto attached and hereby made	a part	hereof

(c)	On the 15th, day of February, 1940 we	entered into a	written lease agreement	with

Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., under which we leased to that Company certain premises
and facilities at the airport and agreed to furnish certain services for a period of three
years, commencing as of January 24, 1940 with an option to extend the lease for an additional
two-year period upon the same terms and conditions.	In the event	you do not enter	into a	lease

agreement with Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc., which permits	the cancellation	of our

lease with that Company, you will permit us to furnish or in effect sub-lease to Transcontinental
& Western Air, Inc, during the existence of our lease with it the premises and facilities at

the airport which we are required to furnish, provided we pay or cause to be paid, to you the
sum of $250.00 per month, and provided further that you will not be required to furnish to
Transcontinental & Western Air, Inc, any of the personal services covered by our lease with it
which you may not be equipped or qualified to furnish. Copy of said agreement is hereto
attached and hereby made a part hereof.

If this letter correctly expresses the understanding between us will you please have the enclosed
copy signed by your legally empowered officers and return it to us as written confirmation.

Yours very truly,

WESTERN AIR EXPRESS CORPORATION
By.L. H. Dwerlkotte- Vice Present

Approved:

City of Las Vegas.

By John L. Russell - Mayor

Attest: Viola Burns - City Clerk, by Le Roy Whipple, Deputy.

Upon Motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was duly moved and
carried that they Mayor and Clerk be allowed to sign the herein above letter for and in behalf
of the City of Las Vegas. Vote being Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None, Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Upon motion by Commissioner Corradetti and Seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and
carried that a typographical error between the lease of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and Western-
air Express Corporation which was approved November 4, 1940 be corrected in the following
particular, that in paragraph J. on page 7 of said lease the word And, be changed to the word
to, in order that the opening sentence of said paragraph shall read as follows: " The full, un-
restricted, and free access and ingress to and egress from the premises outlined in "A" TO "I"
inclusive,"

Vote, Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause & Corradetti & His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None
Absent Commissioner Ronnow.