Lorenzi Lake Park. Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 20th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the -Hoard of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 20th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and Hansell together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and German.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
three slot machine licenses be grant to E.P. Bihlmaier. Vote on said question was as follows- 
Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
one slot machine license be granted to Mabel E. Bihlmaier. Vote on said motion was as foll-
ows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
two slot machine licenses be granted to R. Roschl. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of proportioning the money received from
the Sheriff of Clark County from gaming licenses. Money was proportioned as follows:

$1,500.00 P and F Fund.

3,602.74 General Fund.

1.46	Library Checking Fund.

45,104.20 Total received from Sheriff to date.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday May 22nd, 1931.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 22nd, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 22nd day of May, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell and Thomas, together with the City Attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

Minutes of May 14th and 19th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until May 25th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.