OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	September 20, 1922.	

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, Nevada, held on the 20th day of September, 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner , with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and R.W.
Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the last meeting were read, and approved as read upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board.

A letter of thanks from the American Legion for the donation made by the City of Las Vegas
for the erection of a bronze memorial for the soldiers from Clark County who fell in the World
War was read and ordered placed on file.	

Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board asking for permission to extend the portico of a building
which he is about to erect on Second Street between Fremont and Carson, out over the sidewalk as
a protection to the windows in the lower floor. Thereupon it was the order of the Board, upon
motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that the Police and Fire Com-
missioner and the City Clerk execute and deliver a formal permit, upon the approval of the same
by the Board of Commissioners, granting permission to Dr. Park to build the above mentioned por-
tico, as far as the rights of the City of Las Vegas are concerned. The vote on said motion
was as follows; Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Gorton, that a man be employed for the sum of $25.00 per month to keep the fire engines in first
class working order, and Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, was authorized by the Board to
employ such a man and to supervise the duties of said employee. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, it was ordered that
the Chamber of Commerce be requested to cooperate with the City and County Agents in working out
a satisfactory scheme for handling the advertising on the fence surrounding the City and County
Fair Grounds. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner, Aye.	

The City Clerk was instructed, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Gorton, to notify the health officer Dr. C.E. Buletter that it was the desire of the Board of
City Commissioners that said health officer appear at at least one meeting of the Board in each
month. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered, upon Motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded, by Commissioner Arnold, that the Board
Adjourn until the next regular meeting.