was informed that it was not. He then asked what the Planning Commission proposed
this property be used for. Deputy Director of Planning; Donald Saylor, advised that
the only evidence of a proposal by the Planning Commission was this whole portion of
West Charleston should remain in some form of residential zoning.

Commissioner Whipple stated the question before them was Dr. Leavitt's application
and inasmuch as his property was adjacent to industrial it seemed good planning that
this should be zoned commercial. Commissioner Sharp stated he would admit there was
a peculiarity here to be considered.

After some discussion Commissioner Sharp moved Public Hearing be held at 8:00 p.m. on
September 16, 1959, in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, regarding Darryl N.
Leavitt's application for the reclassification of property located on the south side
of West Charleston Boulevard between Highland Drive and Desert Lane, from R-1 and R-4
to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting ays; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

-oOo-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 9:30 p.m.
Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, City Clerk	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada

MINUTES	September 16, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 16th day of September, 1959, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with
the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Acting City Manager	Robert D. Heath

City Attorney	Calvin Cory

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Marjorie Holtschlag

Absent:	City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

(Commissioner Fountain was excused from the meeting at 8:30 P.M.)

HOLLYWOOD 	This being the time heretofore set for the show cause hearing for Clabe F. Hall,

SPORTSBOOK SHOW 	operator of the Hollywood Sportsbook, 115 N. 1st Street, to show cause, if any

CAUSE HEARING	he had, why his Sportsbook License should not be revoked.

Clabe F. Hall

Sportsbook License             Mr. Hall was not present and His Honor Mayor Gragson stated a letter had been
Revoked	received from him informing the Board that he had been unable to obtain the

necessary finances to reopen this business on the proper basis.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Sportsbook License of Clabe F. Hall, doing business
as the Hollywood Sportsbook, 115 N. 1st Street, be revoked effective immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS           Commissioner Whipple moved the Regular Payroll Warrant Nos. 40114 - 40710 in the

amount of $85,755.89 and Overtime Payroll Warrant Nos. 40711 - 40752 in the amount of
APPROVED	$378.84 for the pay period September 1 - September 15, 1959 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL            Commissioner Whipple moved the Service & Material Warrant Nos. 2647 - 2829 in the
WARRANTS	amount of $324,372.92 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none.

9-2-59 and 9-16-59