GAMING APPLICATIONS Transfer Albert Hale	The request of Albert Hale to transfer his license for one pan game from the Little Casino at 108 North 1st Street bo the Fortune Club at 109 Fremont, having been approved by the State Tax Commission, was presented for consideration.  Commissioner Jarrett moved the abovementioned request for transfer of license to the Fortune Club be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

GAMING APPLICATIONS Change of Licensee	Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  At this time the following applications for gaming license for the fourth quarter of 1953, being changes in licensee, were presented for consideration by the Board.
CHAT & CHEW	Tom Rolofson 1039 South Main 4 Slots

(Change of Operator, formerly issued to C.C. McGovern)

GARRISON’S WILSHIRE STATION Est. of C.C. McGovern	631 South 5th	1 Slots

JERRY'S SNACK BAR	by: Raymond Salmon, Agent  Sam Taylor 407 Fremont 6 Slots

(Formerly issued to Jerome Glatter)

MONTE CARLO COFFEE SHOP Est. of C.C.McGovern	1600 S. Main	4 Slots

GAMING APPLICATION Change of Owner & Name El Dorado Arcade	By: Raymond Salmon, Agent  Commissioner Jarrett moved the above listed applications for gaming license for the fourth quarter of 1953 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and Carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  No action was taken on the application of Russell G. Lewis for gaming license for twenty slot machines at the El Dorado Arcade, 4 Fremont, formerly known as the Overland Arcade. This matter was deferred until the investigation and recommendation has been received from the Police Department.
HOUSE MOVING PERMIT George Riddle	At this time Mr. George Riddle appeared before the Commission to request that he be granted permission to move three houses from 125-127 South 3rd Street to his property located at Mesquite and 25th east of 25th & North of Mesquite. Mr. Riddle showed plans for improvement of these buildings when the same have been moved.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved Mr. Riddle be granted permission to move these houses providing they are brought up to City code and specification according to the Building Inspector, within 120 days time.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
LIQUOR LICENSE APPLICATION Randles Cafe	Mr. Harry Claiborne appeared before the Board at this time to request that Mrs. Amy Randle be granted a license for a Restaurant Beverage Liquor license at Randles Cafe, 1329 North E Street. This license had been revoked by the Board of Commissioners on August 10, 1953.  Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this license be granted and that the establishment be placed on probation for the balance of the year to see if they can conduct a beverage business and if Mrs. Randle cannot conduct her business according to Police Department recommendation that the same be subject to review; further that Mrs. Randle meet the requirements of the Fire Department insofar as the operation of her business at this location is concerned.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VAN PATTEN & OAKRIDGE TRACTS  Completion of Improvements	Mr. Oscar Bryan appeared on behalf of Mr. C. Van Patten, subdivider of Van Patten Tract No. 1 and Oakridge Subdivision. Previous discussion had been held with the Commission regarding the completion of certain improvements in this subdivision and it was the request of the Board that these requirements be met previous to action on Mr. Van Pattens final map for Van Patten Tract No. 2. Mr. Bryan explained that the majority of the requirements had been taken care of. Thereafter it was decided to hold this matter in abeyance until the special meeting of the Board to be held November 6, 1953.
SARATOGA RACE BOOK & RESTAURANT	At this time Mr. Lamar Foremaster appeared before the Board on behalf of Mrs. Phil Copley. Mr. Foremaster explained that Mrs. Copley had been unable to secure a license to operate a snack bar on the same premise as the Saratoga Race Book at 115 South 1st Street, and requested that this matter be considered favorably by the Commission. Discussion followed.  Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that a license be granted to Mrs. Copley to operate a snack bar at 115 South 1st Street.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
BIDS FOR SEWER IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM, Schedules B & C	The tabulations on the bids received earlier in the meeting were presented at this time, however no action was taken due to the fact the bonds had not been checked by the City Attorney and also since there was further information requested on the reported low bidder. The award was deferred until the special meeting of the Board to be held November 6, 1953.
TAXI LICENSE APPLICATION Blue Cab Company Replacements & Additional s	At this time the application of the Blue Cab Company for nine replacement vehicles and one additional taxi cab license were presented for consideration.  Commissioner Jarrett moved the application for nine replacement taxi licenses be granted and the application for one additional cab be held in abeyance until a complete survey can be made on taxicabs operating in the city.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.