City Manager Kennedy advised the Solicitations Review Board recommended
they appoint Herbert H. McLaughlin to the Board, to fill the vacancy
created by the expiration of Mr. Hillman Lee's commission, which
expired December 9, 1959. Superintendent of License Jean Dutton
informed the Board that Mr. Lee had retired from business and was
moving to the Coast.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Herbert H. McLaughlin be appointed to
the Charitable Solicitations Review Board, to fill the vacancy
created by the expiration of Mr. Hillman Lee's commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy informed the Board of Commissioners that hereto-
fore a Baby Grand Piano had been removed from the Library to the
Convention Hall, with the intention of selling it to the Convention
Hall for $1,000.00; however, only $250.00 had been offered for the
piano, even though piano experts had advised the piano was worth from
$1800.00 to $2,000.00.

Commissioner Fountain inquired who had offered $250.00 for the piano,
and Mr. Kennedy replied Mr. Albright. Mr. Kennedy stated Mr. Albright
had informed him that a piano dealer said it was worth no more than
$250.00.

Commissioner Sharp inquired whether the Recreation Department could
use the piano and Mr. Kennedy stated the Recreation Department felt
the piano was too good to put in their Department. Superintendent of
Recreation Bruce Trent stated his Department had a piano and had no
need for another.

At this point Mr. Kennedy informed the Board he had received two
offers of $750.00 cash.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if the piano was needed at the Convention
Hall and Mr. Kennedy replied he did not think so; that they should
have a piano of their own.

Commissioner Sharp stated it was his opinion this matter should go to
bid and City Attorney Cory advised they could negotiate a sale on it.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of City Manager Kennedy that the
Baby Grand Piano go to bid be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy informed the Board that a check had been received
from the Federal Housing Authority for Option #1 on 28th and Sunrise
in the amount of $21,451.96, which had. been deposited to the City's
account by the City Treasurer.

City Manager Kennedy presented the following letter, which was read
by City Clerk Edwina M. Cole:

"December 16, 1959

"Mrs. Charles Hrudicka, President
Art League, Inc.

Box 893

Las Vegas, Nevada
"Dear Mrs. Hrudicka:

"On behalf of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, I hereby commend the Art League and
express our appreciation for the paintings which have
been placed in City Hall for display.

"This display has added a touch of distinction to
City Hall and makes the surroundings more pleasant to
the Commissioners, personnel and the general public
having business to transact herein.

Sincerely,

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor"

OKG: ec

Commissioner Sharp moved the above letter be approved and signed by
His Honor Mayor Gragson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

12-16-59

SOLICITATIONS REVIEW BOARD
Replacement
Appointment Made

BABY GRAND PIANO

Approved to Receive Informal
Bids

OPTION #1
28th & Sunrise
Payment Received

ART LEAGUE

Letter of Commendation
Approved