289

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION
September 3, 1948

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
Aar Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	ZONE EXCEPTION CASE NO. 62

Florence J. Gilligan
Lots 12 and 13, Block 10
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board adopt an order approving the recommenda-
tion of the Joint Planning Commission that the above petitioner be granted permission to use the
above-mentioned lots for COMMERCIAL USE, as described below. Such lots are located in Residence
Zone #5, as legally described in petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the Office
of the Planning Commission.

It is further recommended that the order include the following provisions:

1	- That this property be subject only to the use classified as commercial, for a

beauty parlor.

2	- The display of any sign upon the above-mentioned premises shall be limited to

one sign mounted on the face of the building at the entrance. No over-hanging,
detached, flashing or blinking lights shall be used.

3	- That the conduct of said commercial use be subject to any other laws or regula-

tions of the State of Nevada and/or the City of Las Vegas.

4 - That this exception be for a period of three (3) years, after which time a
renewal shall be granted provided the reasons are the same at that time as
have been set forth in the original application.

3 - That the sale or rental of the property shall automatically cancel this
exception.

This petition, involving property legally described therein and classified in Residence Zone
#5, was presented to and reviewed by members of the Joint Planning Commission at a regular
meeting on August 31, 1948. After consideration of all factual data before members of the
Commission, it was determined that the exception here recommended under the conditions set
forth was consistent with the intent and purposes of the City Zoning Ordinance and amendments
thereto now being prepared.

Yours very truly,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/ R. E. Singrey
Secretary

RES'dmn

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

UNUSED PORTION OF	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign that

MAIN STREET —	certain Quitclaim Deed between the City of Las Vegas and the Los Angeles	& Salt Lake

Quitclaim Deed to	Railroad Company, and its lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, quitclaiming and

Railroad Company	releasing to the Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company and its said lessee, the un-

used portion of the easement for highway purposes for the widening of Main Street
	between Carson Street and Bonanza Road in the City of Las Vegas, which easement had

	previously been granted by the said railroad to the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

NON—CONFORMING USE	Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission dated

Mrs. Vesta Purdy	September 3, 1948 relative to the continuation of the non-conforming use	of the pro-

1212 South 3rd	perty of Mrs. Vesta Purdy, located at 1212 South 3rd Street, for general	warehousing

purposes be referred to the City Attorney.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

RELOCATION OF	At this time Mayor Cragin read the recommendation of the Planning Commission dated

SIDEWALK -	September 8, l948 relative to the request of Mr. Harold J. Stocker to relocate the

Desert Plaza	sidewalk as approved on his original plot plan for Desert Plaza.