OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 16th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of November 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

Minutes of the meetings of November 4th, 7th and 9th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that warrants numbers 254 to 260 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Jack Weisberger appeared before the Board and ask for the issuance of one slot machine li-
cense as same had been on file with the clerk for a number of days. Mr. Weisberger was informed
that the Board would investigate this matter and give him an answer at the next regular meeting.
The reason for this delay being that Mr. Weisberger at one time had been found guilty of operating
a "crooked slot machine" and his licenses had been suspended for sometime.

Mr. A. Cants of the A.N.A.A. C.P. appeared before the Board asking that the Board again
consider the petition filed on October 4th, 1939 wherein the Colored People ask for rights to
make use of the "City Parks, Golf Course, Cemetery Swimming pool, and Library. Mr. Cants ask that
his people be particularly given the right to use the Woodlawn Cemetery in any location they so
desired.

Mayor Russell informed Mr. Cants that this matter would be considered at the next regular
meeting.

Robert Woodruff, lessee of the swimming pool controlled by the City appeared before the
Board and ask leniency in regard to the collection of the month lease.

Mayor Russell appointed Commissioner Ronnow as a Committee of one to work with Mr. Woodruff
and to report back to the Board in the near future.

Application from the Boulder Club Inc. for the operation of one Race Horse Keno Game was
considered.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
 that one race horse Keno game license be granted to the Boulder Club Inc.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause voting Aye. Mayor Russell voting no for the
following reason, "I vote no, my reason for so voting was stated at the November 4th meeting.

That the game us unconstitutional and against the laws of the State of Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that one Faro Bank Game license be granted Joe Morgan for 108 No 1st St.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for this meeting be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Purchasing Clerk purchase bicycle licenses for the year 1940 costing approximately $55.00
and dog tags for the year 1940 costing approximately $13.45 and to also order truck plates for
the same year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time it was on motion of Com-
missioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause moved and carried that this meeting recess
until Tuesday the 28th day of November, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes, none.	Approved: