Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas. Nevada. October 2nd, 1918.

		

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 2nd, day of October A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioner Ball.
Elwell and Miller being present. J.M. Ullom being absent. the Clerk and City Attorney being
present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed except the claim of Conklin Brothers
which was referred back for O.K. by the part purchasing the same.
Reports of Officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of One hundred dollars be
and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the Cemetery fund of
said City, it was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Three Hundred dollars be and the same
is hereby ordered transferred from the Street fund of said City to the Police fund of said City.

It was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Two Hundred dollars be transferred from the
Street fund of said City to the General fund of said City.

It was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Two Hundred dollars be transferred from the
Salary fund of said City to the Light Fund of said City.

At this time a committee of the Cemetery Board appeared before the Board requesting that the
salary of the Cemetery Sexton be increased from Seventy five dollars per month to Ninety dollars
per month, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered by the
Board that the salary of the Cemetery sexton be and the same is hereby raised from Seventy five 
dollars per Month to Ninety dollars per month said increase be good up to and until the first of
the year January 1st, 1919. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Miller no. Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Cemetery Board also took up with the Commissioners the question of making the sexton a



special officers with authority only over the cemetery grounds and it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this matter be transferred to the Police and Fire Commissioner John F. Miller.