LAND PURCHASE
U. S. Government

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-23



Award of Bid

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-26

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and
intentions as therein s et forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this
Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the proposal of the U. S. Government concerning the purchase
of a strip of land approximately 100 feet wide (W½NE¼ Section 26, T19S,

R62E) which is across from Nellis Air Force Base for $200.00 was presented
to the Board for consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the City accept the proposal of the
Government to purchase the property in the sum of $200.00 and the Mayor
Pro Tem and City Clerk authorized to sign the option and the voucher.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 8:45 P.M. the meeting recessed. The Meeting reconvened at
the hour of 9:05 with all members present as of the opening session.

Mr. Wm. Coulthard appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of Mr. H.
W. Polk who bid on Assessment Districts Nos. 100-23 and 100-26. Mr.

Coulthard stated it would be in the best interests of the people to award
the bids on these two assessment districts to Mr. Polk, as it would be a
savings of $15,000.00 on the combined bid.

The Mayor Pro Tem then stated it was not possible to award a combined bid
to Mr. Polk on Assessment District Nos. 100-23 and 100-26, as you couldn't
assess one district to benefit another.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved to award the bid for construction of
improvements on Assessment District No. 100-23 to Wells Cargo, Inc. in
the amount of $356,535.00, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have
taken steps to create certain public improvements, all as provided for in
Emergency Ordinance No. 600, passed, adopted and approved the 12th day of
April, 1954, and

WHEREAS, on the 12th day of April, 1954, the City Clerk of Resolution
was directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids for the construction
work provided in said Emergency Ordinance No. 600; and

WHEREAS, the notice of the receipt of said bids was published in
accordance with said Resolution; and

WHEREAS, the said bids for said construction work were received and
opened by the City of Las Vegas on the 3rd day of May, 1954; and

WHEREAS, the acceptance of said bids were recessed until the $th day
of May, 1954; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to accept bids on the creation of
the said public improvements as provided for in said Emergency Ordinance
No. 600; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the bid of WELLS CARGO COMPANY is the best
bid for the construction of said public improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of May,
1954, that the bid of said WELLS CARGO COMPANY, whereby said bidder agrees
to construct the said public improvements for the sum of $356,535.00, all
in accordance with the plans and specifications on file, be, and the same
is hereby accepted, and said bid is awarded to the said WELLS CARGO COMPANY
and the Mayor and City Clerk are authorized to sign all necessary contract
documents.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he was not sure whether or not he wrote
insurance for Wells Cargo, Inc., but did not believe so; for that reason
he was voting yes on this particular bid.

Mr. Coulthard requested that the record show a protest by Mr. H. W. Polk
on the fact that the bid of Wells Cargo, Inc. was removed from the Council
Chambers during the meeting that bids were opened. The Meeting referred
to in this instance was held May 3, 1954.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of the bids for construc-
tion of improvements on Assessment District No. 100-26.

Mr. Gibson, O. W. Westlake, David Farnsworth, George Gremner and Dr.

O'Connor of the First Methodist Church appeared before the Board at this
time protesting this Assessment District.