Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor	Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Z. Louie for license for one Race Horse
Keno at the Town Tavern, 600 Jackson for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor	Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Stewart and Herbert A. Hichen
for license for 3 slot machines at the Glenn Vegas Motel, 2233 South 5th Street
for the fourth quarter of 1955; formerly issued to Theodore Glenn, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor	Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved.

CLUB LOUISIANNA	Sutton	Vending	521 Jackson

IMPORT MOTORS	Sutton	Vending	1600 Fremont

VENETIAN PIZZERIA	Sutton	Vending	1980 Fremont

H & 0 GARAGE	Sutton	Vending	1715 Fremont

BEVERLY HOTEL	Sutton	Vending	216 South 6th

VIC'S ICE CREAM	Sutton Vending	10th & Charleston

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy presented the proposed lease with the Girl Scouts for
property in Squires Park and recommended its approval. Mr. Kennedy explained
that it was a twenty year lease with a twenty year option, the same as the one
with the Boy Scouts.

Commissioner Bunker moved the lease with the Girl Scouts be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy explained that the ordinance governing the Solicitation of Charitable
Funds was now in effect, and calls for a Review Board of five members to be ap-
pointed. He stated that there were five applications on file that should be acted
upon by the Board. This matter was deferred until December 9, 1955 when a full
board is present.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to improve the parking lot on the corner
of 5th and Ogden, under lease from the McDonald Hotel so that it can be ready for
Christmas shoppers.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager to proceed with the im-
provements of this parking lot be approved.

Commissioner Fountain declared he has an interest in the MacDonald Hotel.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy explained that Mr. Earl Hartke of Pardee-Phillips had made application
for building permits in Francisco Park Tract No. 2 recently, and was requested by
the Planning and Building Departments to hold up on a portion of them until they
processed the others. In the interim, a new ordinance has been adopted that in-
creases the fees on these permits approximately $800.00. Since it was the City's
reqhest that he not apply for all these permits, Mr. Kennedy recommended that Mr.
Hartke be charged the fee under the old ordinance. Commm

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented the request of the Golden Gate for refund of
$450.00 license fees on 15 slot machines. He explained that neither the Federal
nor State licenses had been secured on these machines, and this club did not have
the roam to place these machines in their building. He also presented the appli-
cation of Leon Colbert who intended to operate the Short Card Club for refund of
$375.00, since he did not open his establishment.

Commissioner Fountain moved these refunds be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

12-7-55

TOWN Tavern

Change of Owner



CIGARETTE LICENSES

GIRL SCOUT LEASE

SOLICITATION
REVIEW BOARD

PARKING LOT
IMPROVEMENT



BUILDING PERMITS
Francisco Park #2



GAMING LICENSE REFUNDS

