RESOLUTION OPPOSING	At this time City Attorney, Calvin Cory, read the proposed resolution opposing nude

NUDE PERFORMANCES IN	performances in public places.

PUBLIC PLACES

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

Adopted

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas for many years has been known as the
"Entertainment Capitol of the World"; and

WHEREAS, the people of the City of Las Vegas are proud of the quality
of entertainment offered to the public, both in the City of Las Vegas and in areas
in the immediate vicinity; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has noted with increasing anxiety
a recent tendency of resort establishments outside of the City of Las Vegas to
feature nudity or semi-nudity in their floor shows in contradiction of the excellent
quality of entertainment furnished in the past; and

WHEREAS, it is the opinion of said Board that exhibitions or shows featuring
nudity or semi-nudity are offensive to public morals and decency and are contrary to
the best interests of the public; and

WHEREAS, legislation concerning this subject has been introduced in the
49th Session of the Legislature of Nevada, and said Board is of the opinion that
present laws permit local regulation thereof which will sufficiently curb such
tendency, without the enactment of a state law; and

WHEREAS, nude or semi-nude shows, and other exhibitions featuring 
performances of this type have not been, nor will they be tolerated or permitted in the
City of Las Vegas in places resorted to or customarily frequented by the public for
amusement and entertainment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 4th day of February, 1959,
that said Board hereby expresses its unqualified disapproval of, and opposition to,
nude and semi-nude exhibitions, and other performances of this type in casinos,
lounges, clubs, and other places resorted to or patronized by the public; and further
expresses its belief that such so-called "entertainment" offends public morals and
decency and should be condemned.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such performances or exhibitions are deplorable
and will not be permitted or tolerated under the guise of "entertainment", or otherwise,
in any place frequented by the public for amusement or entertainment in the City of
Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Acting City Clerk be and he hereby is directed
to include a copy of this Resolution in the Minute Book of the said City and forward
a certified copy thereof to each member of the Clark County Delegation in the 49th
Session of the Legislature of Nevada.

APPROVED AND ADOPTED this 4th day of February, 1959.

/s/ C. D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS_________________

Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

His Honor Mayor Baker read a letter dated February 2, 1959, front Commissioner E. W.

Fountain wherein he requested that it be spread upon the minutes that he is in favor
of this proposed resolution and that it be indicated at the time of its consideration
that if he had been present and voting he would have voted aye.

-0O0-

At this time the Mayor asked if there was any other business to come before the Commission
and Mr. H. W. Polk took the floor stating that he was very much perturbed in regard to the
City of Las Vegas doing new construction work. He went on to say that the City takes
their Bonds and License Fees and then allows the City Forces to do new work and to do work not
up to the City's own specification. Namely, he mentioned Highland Avenue and Bruce Street
which was surfaced with material the City will not allow contractors to use. He stated that
he would like to know just what is the policy of the City.

His Honor Mayor Baker stated that there is a story behind Highland and Bruce Street. He
said that the policy of this Board is to let contracts to contractors and to use City
Forces for maintenance purposes in the main, and that the City does not propose to get
into anything of a competitive nature with those people who are licensed and contractors.

He further stated that whatever the City does it is up to standard.

Mrs. Christensen spoke in regard to the cutting through of Highland from Bonanza to
Charleston to alleviate under-pass.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the second barrel of Charleston will be started this year.

His Honor Mayor Baker stated that right-of-way for second barrel of Bonanza is also being
Negotiated.

Mr. Bill Carter, of the Teamsters Union, spoke to the Board stating that the City is doing
more and more of its own construction work. He had thought this was a temporary situation
and he would like to meet with the Mayor and Board of Commissioners and explain their position
and point out some of their problems.

2-4-59