Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Bert O'Donnell to store and
sell chemicals on property situated at 123 W. Colorado, Between "A" Street and
the U.P.R.R. in an M-2 zone he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the application of the Kax
Corporation to convert six triplexes at 1900-1934 E. Charleston Boulevard in an
R-4 zone into a maximum of 12 professional office suites, the matter was
considered by the Board. This application was approved by the Board of
Adjustment subject to installation of off-site improvements.

His Honor stated that this property was on the south side of Charleston east of
Burnham. He asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of the Kax Corporation to convert
six triplexes at 1900-1934 E. Charleston Boulevard in an R-4 zone into a maximum
of 12 professional office suites be approved subject to the signing of an agree-
ment to install off-site improvements according to City specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the application of the City to
maintain a prison farm on property described as the N½, Section 36, T20S, R61E,

MDB&M in an R-E zone, the matter was considered by the Board. This application was
approved by the Board of Adjustment. A written protest had been received from
G. L. and Eveleen Davis, owners of property within 300 feet.

His Honor asked if there were any further objections to this use permit.

Mr. John Bails stated that he owned 10 acres on 30th Street and that he objected
to a prison farm being located in this area.

Mr. Dale Howell said that he did not feel that a prison farm should be in a
residential district. He stated that he did not live there but did not feel that
it would be good for the neighborhood.

Mr. Robert Barrett, 3000 block on Cedar Avenue stated that his property is one
block from this city property, and that he objected to a prison farm being
located there.

Mr. E. R. Gibson stated that he lived at 510 No. 285h Street, which would show
on the map as Howard Street, and that he objected to this use permit.

Mr. & Mrs. Faust Saponara, 2712 Valley Street, protested the location of the
prison in this area.

Mr. Wm. L. Meikle said that he owns 30 acres adjoining this property and he felt
that while the community needed a prison farm, the city should consider further
before locating it in the heart of the Las Vegas Valley.

Eunice Wagner stated that the Sunrise School and the School for Handicapped children
would be too near the Prison Farm and felt it was not safe for the children.

Mr. C. K. Ryerse said that he objected to this use permit. He stated that he owns
10 acres approximately 600 feet from the above mentioned property, that he has a
substantial investment in a home and has lived there for six years. He felt that
the city would be far ahead to save the property for an investment to sell, and
that locating a prison farm in this area would depreciate the surrounding property.

His Honor stated that the hearing was concluded and that the matter would be taken
under advisement by the Commission.

This being the time set for a public hearing on the application of Dr. Samuel M.
Davis to construct and maintain a professional office building at 404 Maryland
Parkway in an R-4 zone, the matter was considered by the Board. This application
was approved by the Board of Adjustment providing off-street parking provided
and installation of sidewalk along the front of the property.

Commissioner Sharp, deeming it in the public interest, moved that the application
of Dr. Samuel M. Davis to construct and maintain a professional office building
at 404 Maryland Parkway in an R-4 zone be approved, subject to the installation
of sidewalks along the front of this property according to the City specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the application of Jack E. Staggs,
Grant Stewart and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager to construct and maintain medical and
professional offices on Lots 4 to 12 and Lots 20 to 30, Block 1, Woodland Park
Addition in an R-E zone, the matter was considered by the Board. The Board of
Adjustment recommended that this application be denied because it would cause a
traffic problem; they felt this property can be developed for residential use;
circumstances are identical to the application of Dr. E. John Sorenson for similar
use on Charleston and Shadow, which was denied on the grounds that this area is

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Kax Corporation

U-24-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Prison Farm

U-25-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit
Dr. S. M. Davis

U-27-55

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance

Staggs, Stewart &

Swartzfager

V-31-55

9-7-55