236

VARIANCE (V-16-58)
Robert Cohen

Abeyance

PASSENGER LOADING ZONE
St. Anne's Church

Approved

McNWIL PARK TENTATIVE
MAP (Revised)

Approved

SOUTHRIDGE #6 TENTATIVE
MAP

(Resubmission)

Approved

the Planning Commission, and it is expected that a report or recommendation will be submitted
to the Planning Commission the first part of November.

Planning Director Bills stated that this application for Variance is somewhat similar to the
application of Robert O'Brien (V-14-58) which was referred back to the Planning Commission for
further study and recommendation as to zoning changes for hospitals.

Mrs. Longo spoke from the audience stating that there are enough problems without having a
hospital in this location.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the 20th Century Coal Company for a variance to
operate and maintain a hospital and rest home at 1500 Bryant, north of West Owens, legally
described as the NW¼, SW¼, SW¼, Section 21, T20S, R61E, in an R-E zone, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Robert Cohen for a variance to build within a
required rear year at 1005 Yucca Place between 10th Street and Maryland Parkway, legally
described as Lot 11, Block 2, Huntridge #1, in an R-1 zone.

Denial recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment on the basis that this property is in
an R-1 zone; however, it has a rental unit on it which is not permitted in an R-1 zone. There
is one protest.

Planning Director Bills stated that in 1952 permit was issued to build a laundry room and
instead an additional dwelling unit was built in violation of the building ordinance.

Mr. John Porter, Attorney, spoke for Robert Cohen, stating that the matter was placed in
his hands just this afternoon and he hadn't time to question this report; however, he would
appreciate it if this matter could be held in abeyance until Mr. Cohen returns from Europe. He
further stated that Mr. Cohen acquired this property very recently and was not aware of a violation. 
This unit is presently being used by the housekeeper and caretaker and not as a rental.
He added that this variance is simply to be used for the enlargement of this private home. He
informed the Commission that Mr. Cohen should be back by the middle or latter part of November.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Robert Cohen for a variance to build within
a required rear yard at 1005 Yucca Place, between 10th Street and Maryland Parkway, legally
described as Lot 11, Block 2, Huntridge #1, in an R-1 zone, be held in Abeyance until the
regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners to be held December 3, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

The Board considered Traffic and Parking Commission's request from St. Anne's Church for a
passenger loading zone. Approval recommended by the Traffic end Parking Commission for a zone
133 feet long on Maryland Parkway, starting at a point 30' south of Oakey Boulevard.

Planning Director Bills stated that a 4-space loading zone is allowed for any church and this
would be 33' more than that established by policy; however, this 33' would be the space left
between the regular size loading zone and a driveway.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of St. Anne's Church for a passenger loading zone
133 feet long on Maryland Parkway starting at a point 30 feet south of Oakey Boulevard, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

Planning Director Bills presented the McNeil Park Revised Tentative Map to the Commission.

The revision consists of the redesign of lot lines reducing the width of lots from 120 feet
to 100 feet; thereby creating one additional lot in each tier. Mr. Bills further stated that
this would add seven lots and further that the size of the lots are still way over the minimum
requirement.

Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised that in regard to the presently recorded subdivision
map, it will be necessary for the subdivider to comply with NRS 278.490 prior to approval of
the new final map by the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the McNeil Park Tentative map be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioner Sharp.

Planning Director Bills presented the Southridge #6 Tentative Map including the following
changes:

1.	The subdivision boundaries have been extended to include the abutting one-
half of the adjacent streets, which means that the developer will install
all half-street improvements surrounding the subdivision.

2.	The corner lots which are of a 60 feet width will have a 15 foot setback
line along the side street which is in accordance with the subdivision
regulation. The Planning Commission, because of the circumstances involved,
waived the 65 foot required width.

Mr. Bills stated that the original map did not include the streets in any way whatsoever which
was recommended by the Planning Commission and that lots 1, 6, 8 and 9 did not meet the requirements 
of the ordinance for 65 feet. The principal concern of the Planning Commission
and this Board was not so much these lots as making sure the improvements were installed.

The map has been redrawn so it is clear all improvements have been included and shows 15 foot
setback even on these lots.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Southridge #6 Tentative Map be approved as resubmitted.

11-5-58