OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 8th, 1928.

At adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of October, 1928, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C.
German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W. B. Mundy and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

In the absence of Finance Commissioner Mundy, His Honor The Mayor appointed
Commissioner Smith to act as Finance Commissioner in auditing certain claims against
the City, which were allowed at this meeting as shown by the Claims and Warrants
Register on file in the Office of the Clerk.

The Clerk presented the application of L. A. Knapp for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid
and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the
operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having
been paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission,
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

No further business appearing, the meeting recessed to Monday, October 15th,

1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 15th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of October, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B.
Mundy, W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter relative to the payment of rent on the
Air Field used by the Western Air Express Company in this city, together with the
bill for said rent, said letter and bill having come from the Chamber of Commerce
of this city, with the request that the City pay the same. After due consideration
this matter was laid over for further consideration.

No further business appearing, a recess was declared until the 17th day of
October, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.