Commissioner Fountain moved that Mr. Wade he granted authority to proceed with the
construction of South A Street on a unit price basis and that proposals be submitted
to the Commission before contracts are awarded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Bis Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

Mr. George Wade stated that Mr. B. M. Jones had requested release of bond on the
B. M. Jones Subdivision as the work has been completed. He further stated that
the work is of very low quality and substandard, and he recommended that the bond be
held until the work is installed properly, or that action be taken to have the
bonding company complete the job.

City Attorney Cannon said that the bonding company had been notified on July 22,

1955, that if the work was not accepted by the City it would have to be let out
for bid.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted
and the bonding company notified that the work on this subdivision is not acceptable.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple.

Mr. George Wade presented the request of Earl Harke and Opal Cantlon for permission
to use the City of North Las Vegas water and sewer facilities. A letter has been
received from the owners of the property, located at the southwest corner of 25th
and Owens, being 300 x 260 feet which is adjacent to the City of North Las Vegas and
to the County, to receive permission to use water and sewer facilities of the City
of North Las Vegas. The owners maintain that if permission is granted by the City
of Las Vegas, the City of North Las Vegas will approve through their council the
necessary connections. Inasmuch as this property is more than 1,000 feet from a trunk
line, it is possible that such permission could be granted. However, if such per-
mission is granted, it is recommended that it be granted contingent upon this property
connecting to the City of Las Vegas sewer line as soon as sewer lines are within a
specified distance.

Mr. Hartke appeared before the Board at this time. He stated that North Las Vegas
was agreeable to this proposal and he and his partner were willing to connect to
the City of Las Vegas facilities when they are available, provided they are given a
90 day notice.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Earl Hartke and Opal Cantlon
to connect to the North Las Vegas water and sewer facilities be approved on the con-
dition that they enter into an agreement to connect on to the City of Las Vegas
facilities within 90 days, upon notification, when the same are available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

At this time Mr. George Wade made a report on Van Patten Tract Nos. 1 and 2. He re-
quested that Mr. Van Patten be advised to complete Van Patten Tract No. 2, correcting
certain deficiencies enumerated in the City Attorney's report to the Commission on
August 3, 1955.

Mr. Van Patten appeared before the Board and said that he had written a letter in
April regarding conditions in Tract No. 2 but had received no reply from the City.

He was advised that there were 22 deficiencies in this tract enumerated at the last
Board meeting when he was present. He was further advised that the conditions in
Tract No. 1 had been met and that the City had approved conditional release of
this bond.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Van Patten be given until September 21, 1955 to
correct all deficiencies on Van Patten Tract No. 2, as outlined in the letter of
the City Engineer to Mr. Van Patten, and if not completed by this time that the
bonding company be notified.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that the quitclaim deed from J. B. M. & H. for
Decatur Boulevard be accepted. This parcel lies west of the City Golf Course.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17th day of August, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 3rd day
of June, 1955; executed by J. B. M. & H. Inc. a Nevada Corporation to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

B. M. JONES SUB-
DIVISION
Release of Bond

NORTH LAS VEGAS
WATER AND SEWER
Hartke and Cantlon

VAN PATTEN TRACT
NOS. 1 AND 2

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
QUITCLAIM DEED
J. B. M. & H.
Decatur Boulevard

8-17-55