City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the State Planning Commission
that the City submit to them a letter, stating that the City of Las Vegas
has no objections to the State of Nevada obtaining 30 acres on San Francis-
co Avenue to be developed along the lines set forth in their letter. Mr.

Kennedy explained that five acres of this property was proposed to be utilized
by the Bureau of Land Management, five acres by the Reserve Armory. The
City Manager stated that the State Planning Commission emphasized that the
property was not to be used for the new site of the State Building, and they
are still interested in land on East Charleston for this purpose.

The Commission requested that this matter be referred to the City Planning
Commission for investigation and recommendation back to the City Commission.

The City Manager presented a purchase requisition No. 7776 to Mueller Co. for
the purchase of 50 fire hydrants in the total amount of $6,385.00. Mr.

Kennedy explained that this is a revolving fund wherein developers and others
pay the City for the installation of fire hydrants in certain areas.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7776 to Mueller Co.
in the total amount of $6,385.00 for the purchase of 50 fire hydrants be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of V.C. Mendenhall Co. to rent City Street
sweepers to clean up chips on the Westside, Assessment District No. 100-36
at $16.50 per hour.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of V.C. Mendenhall to rent two sweepers
owned by the City at $16.50 per hour for each piece of equipment be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager advised the Commission that a letter has been received from
the Nevada State Department of Health indicating that the City of North Las
Vegas has been requested to pay 10% of the services of a secretary in con-
nection with the Special Childrens Clinic which has been established in Las
Vegas. Mr. Kennedy further stated that when North Las Vegas has agreed to
pay their proportionate share, an adjustment will be made in the amount paid
by the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposed architent's agreement with John Replogle
for the proposed alterations to the City Hall lobby, halls and the rear por-
tion of the building. The City Manager pointed out that the architectural,
fee is 6% of the cost of the work with a payment of 20% of the fee to be
made upon approval of the preliminary plans and sketches; 30% upon approval
of the completed plans; and the remaining 50% of the fee to be paid during
the course of construction.

Commissioner Bunker moved the architects agreement between the City and John
Replogle for the proposed alterations to City Hall be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Clark Coleman be appointed as a member of the
Traffic and Parking Commission for the unexpired term of Robert Cardinal, said
term which ends August 2, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that there has been a great amount
of damage caused by vandalism in the City Parks — Hadland Park, Lions Club
Park and Hyde Park. He estimated that in the last three weeks there has been
between $4,000 and $5,000 worth of destruction. Mr. Kennedy further reported
that plans have been made as to what to do to attempt to stop this destruction.

Mr. Kennedy reported to the Commission that the trusses in the Library need
tightening. The City Manager stated that one informal bid in the amount of
$600.00 had been received for this work, and other bids would be secured, and
a further report to the Commission on this matter.

The City Manager presented the deed to Will Ed and Jack Reily Harris to accom-
plish the return of the property to the Harrises which had been dedicated to
the City to be used for the new West Charleston Fire Station. Mr. Kennedy
reported that this property had not been utilized since it was located in the
Town of Winchester and the City had constructed its West Charleston Fire Sta-
tion on Hinson Drive, below Hyde Park subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor and Clerk be authorized
to sign the deed returning this property located in the NW¼ of Section 6-21-61
to Will Ed and Jack Reily Harris; and further that a letter of thanks for the
offer of this property for fire station purposes be sent to Mr. and Mrs. Harris.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

NEVADA STATE PLANNING
COMMISSION

FIRE HYDRANTS

USE OF CITY

EQUIPMENT

Assessment District
No. lO0-36

SPECIAL CHILDRENS
CLINIC

CITY HALL REMODELING
ARCHITECT

TRAFFIC AND PARKING
COMMISSION

Appointment of Member

DESTRUCTION OF
CITY PARKS

LIBRARY BUILDING

RETURN OF PROPERTY
Will Ed Harris