OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS,



CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	April 6, 1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. m.

Present:	His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and C.

German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent; Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Some claims against the City were allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file
in the office of the Clerk.

An ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend section eight (8) of Ordinance No. 119 as amended
by Ordinance No. 124 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance authorizing C. O. Lauritzen
and George P. Peabody, and their assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains, distributing
pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith or
appurtenant thereto, in, and through, over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys
or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the in-
habitants of said City for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes, and establishing
regulations and conditions in connection therewith." was read for the first time, and, upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried was laid over for a second reading.

Clerk then presented the application of A. T. Gilmore and J. W. Horden for a license for
the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being ap-
proved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was
ordered that the license be issued.		

The Clerk then presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of Gabriel Lopez for a license for the operation of
two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

Clerk then presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the operation of
three gaming tables, the fee of $250.00 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly, made seconded and carried it was ordered that
the license be issued.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until the 7th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.