Las Vegas, Nevada, June 25th, 1912.

Hailey A. Harmon, City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 25th, day of June, 1912. at eight o'clock
P.M. for the purpose of considering and transacting and following business:

1,	Passing upon surety bond tendered by American Light and Water Company, in connection
with contract on sewerage works.

2,	Providing for the delivery of sewerage bonds of City under contract of sale. 3, To

consider and act upon any and all other matters which may come before the meeting relative to
the issuance of sewerage bonds or contracts for supplies or for construction of sewerage system

4, To consider and act upon matters touching fire alarm system. 5, To consider and act
on matters touching City Licenses. And you will please notify each of the City Commissioners
as to said meeting. Peter Buol. Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.	The City Clerk also

read the form of notice given of the holding of this meeting to each of the commissioners, together
with proof of service thereof. and the same was ordered filed, the form of notice and proof of
service being as follows;	Las Vegas, Nevada, June 25th, 1912.

To Commissioners: Stewart, Coughlin, Mc Govern, Von Tobel, City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sirs:

In pursuant to an order of the Mayor of this City Peter Buol you are hereby notified
that there will be a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 25th, day of June 1912. at eight o'clock P.M.
for the purpose of considering and transacting the following business:

1. Passing upon surety bond tendered by American Light and Water Company, in connection
with contract on sewerage works. 2, Providing for the delivery of sewerage bonds of City under
contract of sale. 3, To consider and act upon any and all matters which may come before the
meeting relative to the issuance of sewerage bonds or contracts for supplies or for construction
of sewerage system. 4, To consider and act upon matters toushing fire alarm system. 5, To consider

and act upon matters touching City licenses.

Witness my hand and seal of he City this 25th, day of June A.D. 1912.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

 State of Nevada )

County of Clark ) ss.

City of Las Vegas.)

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby certify that I received the above notice from the Mayor of said City
and upon receipt of said Notice I did personally serve notice upon the foregoing Commissioners
of said meeting, Witness my hand and seal this 25th, day of June 1912. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.
(SEAL)

The City Clerk reported than an indemnity bond in the sum of $20.000 executed by American Light
and Water Company, as principal and Fidelity & Deposit Co. of Maryland, as surety had been tendered
to the City by American Light and Water Company in compliance with the contract entered into on
May 4, 1912. between the City of Las Vegas and said American Light and Water Company. The Clerk
also repotted that he had wired on this date To George Brodigan, Secretary of State of Nevada
to ascertain wether the said Fiedloty & Deposit Company of Maryland was entitled to do business
as a surety Company in the State of Nevada, and that he had received a wire in reply stating
that such company was entitled to do business in this State. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner
Stewart, seconded by Commissioner J.J. Coughlin, the following preamble and resolution was duly adopted:

" Whereas, it appears to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that the America
Light and Water Company, had tendered to this Board a bond in the penal sum of $20.000 with
Fidelity & Deposit Co. of Maryland as surety thereon, as called for in the contract entered into
between the City of Las Vegas and said American Light & Water Company on May 4, 1912. and Whereas,