OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 15th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 15th day of April, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Ward.

Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board in regard to the securing of a permit for the
construction of a permanent protico over the sidewalk on the southeast corner of Second and
Fremont Streets. No definite action was taken, but the Clerk was directed to write and ask
that the Planning Commission of the City make recommendation to the Board in regard to the
construction of said portico.

Dr. Woodbury and a number of interested golfers of the City appeared before the Board
in regard to improvements on the "Municipal Golf Course". They were informed by Commissioner
Marble that as soon as the projects under way were completed the improving of the golf
course would be considered.

The matter of the improving of the runways at the City's Municipal Airport was presented
to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the City not enter into an agreement with Mr. Morrison for the work at the
airport as said Mr. Morrison had beer taken ill and was notable to proceed with the work.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth and Marie and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioners Marble it was moved and
carried that the City enter into the proposal of F.A. Monson for the work of improving the
runways at the airport. Price to be 1,500.00 and said proposal to be signed by H.P. Marble
Street Commissioner on behalf of the City.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following slot
machine licenses were granted:

E.P. Bihlmaier	15 Machine	City Drug Store	3 Machines

Jack Weisberger	2	"	E.D. Ciiiax	2	"

J.T. Watters	4	"	Vegas Sweet Shoppe	23	"

L.L. Arnett	42	"	W.R. Van Eaton	1	"

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that M.E. Ward be granted retail beverage license (20%) and Mrs. Leonora Aguirre
and A.J. Carlone retail beverage ,licenses (7%).

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried upon recommendation of C.D. Baker City Engineer, that C.E. Bartlett be appointed Deputy
City building Inspector to work in conjunction with the erection of the new school building,
Mr. Bartlett to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing with the Clerk a bond
in the sum of $1,000.00. A Surety Company Bond being preferred.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 22nd day of April, 1936. at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
APRIL 22nd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett/

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

W.J. Lincoln	1 Slot machine, Karl Hovey	3 race horse slot machines

L.L. Arnett	1 slot machine	Ray Murphy	3 slot machines.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.
Noes, none.