This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.12 for the Street Repair
Contract, bids were opened from the following firms:

IDEAL ASPHALT	$11,360.00

PAHLEN CONSTRUCTION CO.	9,280.00

WELLS CARGO INC.	7,984.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of
Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from C.L. and Pearl Hennon and Irma
D. Masek for Washington Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of April , 1956, by the Board ofCom-

missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 11th day of April , 1956, executed by C.L. Hennon and

Pearl Hennon husband and wife; Irma D. Masek a widow

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 12772 through 13267 in the
net amount of $67,469.10 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6299 to 6475
inclusive in the total amount of $117,157.12 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of April 4 and 11, 1956 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of James C.Russell for a Wholesale Liquor
and Importers license and a Retail Package Liquor license at the Thriftimart, 2200
West Bonanza be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of C.H. Murray to move the Sundown Liquor
Store from 218 North Main to 2l4½ North Main be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of C.R.Millhizer for license for 1 "21"
and 1 Poker at the Silver Club, 505½ Jackson be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Charles Redican and Ruth Beck for
license for 1 Race Horse Keno at the New Boulder Club Keno, 118 Fremont be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of O.W.Glenn for one slot machine at the
Bonanza Cafe, 4l0 W.Bonanza be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Morris Diamond and Bernard Koblin
for license for one additional slot machine at the Dollar Market, 433 North Main
Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 56.12
Street Repair Contract
Opened

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Thriftmart

Change of Location
Sundown Liquors

GAMING APPLICATIONS