The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the installation of a six foot board fence, paving of the entire
parking lot within 3 months and the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements and the Board having been advised that said agreement had been signed
and a bond in the amount of $349.20 posted;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of William H. and
Mary E. Rudolph for variance to construct a parking lot on the alley between l5th and
Bruce, north of Fremont, be approved subject to said conditions as set forth by the Board
of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The resolution of the Traffic and Parking Commission recommending the amendment of
Chapter 35, Section 67 of the City Code prohibiting parking at all times in certain alleys,
was considered at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be referred back to the Traffic and Parking
Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that the bond of Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. for the
seal and chips on the streets of Greater Las Vegas Addition #1 be released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bond of Ideal Asphalt Paving Company in the amount
of $3,560.00 for seal and chips in Greater Las Vegas Addition #1 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Engineer recommended that the bond of Ideal Asphalt Paving Company for the seal
and chips on the streets of Hyde Park #4 be released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bond of Ideal Asphalt Paving Company in the amount of
$4,000.00 for seal and chips in Hyde Park #4 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade presented the amended plat of Tankel's North Addition and explained
that this would vacate the lots lines except lot numbers 12 and 13 of Block 32, and
recommended its approval.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the amended plat of Tankel's North Addition which vacates
the lots lines of all lots except Lots 12 and 13, Block 32, be approved and filed with
the City Clerk who shall cause it to be recorded in the office of the Clark County Re-
corder.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment to Geer Engineering Company in the
amount of $681.71 for the installation of the tennis courts in Squires Park be approved
upon the expiration of the 30 day lien period.

Commissioner Fountain moved that final payment to Geer Engineering Company in the amount
of $681.71 for construction of the tennis courts in Squires Park be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the Comptroller and Treasurer
authorized to draw the warrant when the 30 day lien period has expired.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment to J. A. Tiberti Construction Company
for the construction of the Industrial Fire Station be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment of the 10% retention to J.A.. Tiberti Construc-
tion Co. in the amount of $7,743.90 for the construction of the Industrial Fire Station
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the Comp-
troller and Treasurer authorized to draw the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Engineer recommended that final payment to George E. Miller for the construction
of the Sunrise Park Sewers be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment of the 10% retention to George E. Miller in
the amount of $932.35 for the construction of the Sunrise Park Sewers be approved and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the Comptroller and
Treasurer authorized to draw the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade recommended that the proposal of V. C. Mendenhall to construct a rip
rap drain ditch near A Street and Van Buren Avenue in the amount of $3,456.40 be approved.
Mr. Wade stated that this storm drain is to be constructed in the easement recently secured
from the Nevada Southern Gas Company and is needed to take care of excess drainage in
the Westside Assessment District.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the proposal of V. C. Mendenhall to construct a rip rap
drain ditch near "A" street and Van Buren Avenue in the amount of $3,456.40 be approved and
a purchase order authorized.

ALLEY PARKING

GREATER LAS VEGAS
ADDITION #1
Release of Bond

HYDE PARK #4
Release of Bond

TANKEL'S NORTH
ADDITION
Amended Plat

SQUIRES PARK TENNIS
COURTS

Final Payment



INDUSTRIAL FIRE
STATION
Final payment

SUNRISE PARK SEWERS
Final Payment

STORM DRAIN CON-
STRUCTION
A. & Van Buren