BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fourteen cents on each hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate , lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied
collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewer Bond Sinking
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of seven cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied
collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Cemetery Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem, tax of fifteen and on e-half cents on each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

be levied and collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except 

such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fifteen cents on each one hundred dol-
lars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Light Fund of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of sixteen and one-half cents on each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied and collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except

such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Note Fund of

the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Blanding,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold:

RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to notify the

Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established and levied by

the Board for the year 1923 and to direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and cause

to be collected and paid. Voting upon said resolution Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no farther business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that adjournment
be had until the next regular meeting to be held on Wednesday the 7th day of March, A.D. 1923.