OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS,
Las Vegas, Nevada, September 7th, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 7th day of September, A.D. 1921, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present:

Mayor Chas. Ireland with members Commissioners, Hodgens, Brickie, Martin and Anderson, together with
the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.



Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting the
bill of R.E. Rockwell in the sum of $93.95, which was ordered returned for proper itemization and the
bill of the American-LaFrance Fire Engine Co. for $110.39 which was ordered returned for correction.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

"Washington, D.C. August 4,1921.

The Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

In accordance with the Federal Water Power Act, the City of
Los Angeles, 207 South Broadway, Los Angeles, California, has filed
application covering proposed power development on the Colorado River
from a point in Boulder Canyon at an approximate elevation of 710 feet
to points about 80 miles on the Colorado River and 60 miles on Virgin
River upstream from said Boulder Canyon. It is proposed to carry oat
the project in conjunction with such plans as the United States Recla-
mation Service, Department of the Interior, may adopt for the purposes
of reclaiming and irrigating lands in the vicinity.

Any objections to or comments on this project should be
addressed to this Commission not later than October 10th, 1921.

Very truly yours,

O.C. Merrill,

Executive Secretary."

Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner
Martin that action on this letter be postponed until a future date. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,
Brickie, Martin and Anderson and his honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland aye. Noes None.

At this time there appeared before the Board W.E. Hawkins, Leo A. McNamee and Fred A. Rodolf
who presented to the Board a plat of Hawkins Addition to Clark's Townsite; and it appearing to the
Board that the said plat was in due form as by law provided it was order of the Board, upon motion
of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie that Commissioner Martin be and he is here-
by authorized to approve said plat of Hawkins Addition to Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Voting Com-
missioners Hodgens, Brickie, Martin, Anderson and his honor the Mayor Chas.Ireland, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Hon. W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, and Commissioner Henry Rice Sr. appeared before this Board with regard to securing
the co-operation of the City of Las Vegas in the care of indigents of whom there are an unusual
number at the present time. After discussion it was the opinion of the Board that the matter be referred 

to the District Attorney and City Attorney and be given farther consideration at a future meeting.

At this time the Clerk read the following:

"The Hon. Board of City Commissioners
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Yon will kindly accept my resignation as Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to take effect the first
Tuesday in the month of October, I am taking this step
on account of changing my place of residence which will
prevent my filling the duties of said office.

Very truly yours,

Chas. Ireland, Mayor."

Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner
Brickie that said resignation of Chas. Ireland as Mayor of the City of Las Vegas be accepted with
regret to take effect on the first Tues. in October.  Voting: Commissioners Hodgens Brickie, Martin, 

Anderson and his honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland, aye. Noes none.

At this time the question of finances came up for discussion and it was the order of the