FEDERAL GRANT	City Manager Kennedy requested permission from the	Board to file application with the

Sewage Application	Federal Government and Bureau of Public Health and	Welfare for funds to construct sewage

disposal improvements. This application would be for 1/3 of the cost of these improvements
Approved	or an estimated amount of $81,833.00—City's cost $163,666.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Manager's request to file application with the
Federal Government and Bureau of Public Health and Welfare for funds in an estimated amount
of $81,833.00 to construct sewage disposal improvements be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSING AUTHORITY	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a 90-day option to purchase 9.098 acres of

Options for Sale of	City Land to the Housing Authority in the vicinity of 28th Street and Charleston Boulevard

Land; 28th & Charleston                 described as Parcel 1 at $2,326.26 an acre, and a 2-year option on an additional 10.796

acres in the same area described as Parcel 2 at $2,726.26 an acre.

Approved

His Honor Mayor Baker reminded the Board that there is to be a public hearing on these
proposed options to the Housing Authority to be held at the Planning Commission Meeting
on April 9, 1959.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a 90-day option to the Housing Authority for the purchase
of 9.098 acres of City Land located in the vicinity of 28th and Charleston Boulevard described 
as Parcel 1 at $2,326.26 an acre, and a 2-year option on an additional 10.796 acres
in the same area described as Parcel 2 at $2,726.26 an acre, be approved, subject to public
hearing and approval of the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote
by reason that his firm is engaged as architect for the Housing Authority.

URBAN RENEWAL FUND	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization to issue warrants out of the Urban Renewal

Warrants	Fund Account as follows:

Approved	Lee's Office Equipment Co.	Dictating Machine	$	231.75

City of Las Vegas	Various Materials

& Services	2,444.27

Mr. Kennedy stated that this fund is operating under Director of Planning Bills who has
to sign forms.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of the City Manager for authorization to
issue warrants out of the Urban Renewal Fund Account as listed above be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SECOND BAPTIST CHURCH	City Manager Kennedy presented a request from Rev. Coleman asking that they be granted a

Request to hold	permit to hold an amusement carnival (Lee-Wright) from April 2 to April 12, 1959, located	

Carnival	in the 1300 Block on "C" Street. Proceeds are to be used for the benefit of the Second

Baptist Church Building Fund.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of Rev. Coleman be approved subject to
clearance with the Police and Fire Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIONS PARK WATER METER	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for a purchase order in the amount of $2,500 to

furnish and install a Water Meter at Lions Park for the 6'' line. There will be a percentage 
Held in Abeyance	paid back over a period of 10 years on the water line depending on the amount of water

used.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance until it is studied further.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp asked the City Attorney to check to see if the City has to pay for this
meter in the first place.

LIGHT POLE STANDARDS	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for a purchase order in the amount of $2,837.72

Purchase Order	for Light Pole Standards. He explained that the City keeps a supply of these poles in the

yard to replace damaged poles and some they sell to subdividers.

Approved

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that this is the company the City has been buying
poles from for the last ten years. He stated that the parks are going to need some in
addition to replacement of broken poles. He stated that they were cheaper by carload lot
and they figure to stock about 15.

Commissioner Whipple moved that purchase order in the amount of $2,837.72 for Light Pole
Standards be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RIVERS AND HARBORS	City Manager Kennedy requested that the Board authorize payment to cover expenses of Mayor

COMMITTEE	C. D. Baker for trip to Washington, D.C.	as member of the Rivers	and Harbors	Committee;

Mayor C. D. Baker	meeting to be held May 13-15, 1959.

Expenses Approved	Commissioner Sharp moved that payment to	cover expenses of Mayor	C. D. Baker	for trip to

Washington, D.C. as member of the Rivers and Harbors Committee be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker passed his vote:

4-1-59