The resignation of Paul Hosman, Electrical Inspector, was filed in writing with
the Board of Commissioners.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
the the resignation of Paul Hosman be accepted.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The applications of E.F. Risch and L.H. Rockwell, in writing was presented to
the Board. A letter recommending A.N. Vann for Electrical Inspector was also presented
to the Board. A paper ballot was cast for Electrical Inspector, and upon counting the
ballots cast it was found that the four ballots cast were all for L.H. Rockwell.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
the L.H. Rockwell be appointed Electrical Inspector.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

A letter from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce asking that the Board of Com-
missioners have the "Welcoming Arch at Fremont and Main Sts be place in good repair.
Said letter was referred to O.J. Smith Street Commissioner.

All communications read to the Board.

Clerk was directed to write W.L. Aplin and ask that he have the fire plug re-
pair that was damaged when ran into by his car.

The Clerk was also directed to write Koebig and Koebig and ask that they file
with the Clerk Estimates of cost, plats, diagrams, plans and locality, and distance to
be improved by the proposed sew system, so that the City might publish a Notice of In-
tention in connection with the proposed sewer system.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meet-
ing recessed until Monday the 27th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS. VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY. 27th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meeting of January 23rd 1930 read and approved as read.

A letter from Koebig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers was presented to the Board. After
a lengthy discussion the Clerk was directed to write them at the dictation of the City
Attorney, and ask that they send detailed estimates of the proposed sewer system so that
the notice of intention might be published.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 29th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 29th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 29th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. B. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and German together with the
City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioners Smith arriving late.

Minutes of meeting of January 27th 1930 read and approved as read.

Mr. S. R. Whitehead, president of the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce appeared before the
Board and read in person a letter from the Chamber of Commerce asking that the City incur no
further bonded indebtedness nor create any further special assessment districts without first 
affording the citizens, through the Chamber of Commerce, the opportunity to study the need for
the assessments or bond issues.