27

Commissioner Bates moved that the following gaming applications be
approved:

FRONTIER CLUB	117	Fremont	Lee Hughes (Gayer Co.)	10	SlotS

" "	117	Fremont	A. F. Schellang	2	slots

ELDORADO CLUB	108	Fremont	Moe Sedway	44	chairs	in	tango

MODERN FOOD MKT.	120	North 5th.	A. Kroloff	1	slot

PIONEER CLUB	25	Fremont	Wm. Curland	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

BIDS --

Miscellaneous Items  Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of A. G. Klinger on Item 1,

	3, 4 and 6 on miscellaneous bids opened earlier in this meeting

be accepted and that the rest of the bids submitted be rejected and 

the money received therewith be returned by registered mail.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

LEGISLATION	Commissioner Clark moved that all members of the Board of City Com-

Carson City	missioners who can make the trip to Carson City on Monday, March 10,

in the interest of legislation beneficial to the City of Las Vegas,
do.so, and that the City Comptroller be authorized to draw a warrant
in the sum of $500.00 to cover said expenses and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign said warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

CHARTER AMENDMENT	Commissioner Clark moved that an amendment be proposed to Sub-

	Section 5 of Section 31 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas

increasing its bonded indebtedness on Sewage System from $250,000.00
to $1,000,000.00 and validating all notices for bond issues given
prior to the next General City Election.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

CHARTER AMENDMENT	Commissioner Bates moved that proposed Senate Bill No. 62 for the

purpose of creating a Sewer District be amended, allowing the bonds
to be retired over a 25 year period instead of a 40 year period.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
		vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. ABSENT: Commissioner Baskin.

Election worker appointed.*	

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this

time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until
March 22, at 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	 Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 14, 1947

	CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Commissioners' Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building
on Friday, March 14, 1947, at the hour of 10:00 A. M. to act upon the following:

1.	Direct city attorney to start suit against R. J. Kaltenborn
for violation of the building code.

2.	Authorize purchase of car from USO

3.	Planning money on sewer - FWA

4.	Authorize payment of $500 to Harvey Dickerson for services
on Jondahl case.

5.	Authorize purchase of Chev. Coupe and direct Mayor and City Clerk
to sign warrant.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor