ANNEXATION A-2-59	The Commission considered the petitions	of James Cashman, Sr., W. G. Sholes and

Portion of Winchester	Robert L. Bigelow for the annexation of	a portion of the Unincorporated Township

Township	of Winchester, legally described as the	NE¼ of the NE¼ and a portion of the SE¼

of the NE¼, Section 6, T 21 S, R 61 E.

Approved

Director of Planning Bills advised that the Board of Clark County Commissioners, at
Proposed Ordinance	their first regular meeting in July, adopted a resolution authorizing the detachment

Referred to Committee                 of this property from the Unincorporated Township of Winchester for the purpose of

annexation by the City of Las Vegas. The City has six months in which to annex,
and if not annexed, the property would revert back to the Township of Winchester.

Mr. Bills further stated the residents in the area, not included in this annexation,
indicated overwhelmingly they wished to remain in the County. In regard to the
request of Marion A. Schneider for the annexation of property in this area, this
could not be included in this annexation as it was less than 60 acres required by
State Law for detachment from the unincorporated township and could not be included
as the District Attorney and City Attorney advised it was not contiguous to it.

Commissioner Whipple moved the petition of James Cashman, Sr., W. G. Sholes and
Robert L. Bigelow for the annexation of a portion of the Unincorporated Township
of Winchester, legally described as the NE¼ of the NE¼ and a portion of the SE¼,

NE¼, Section 6, T 21 S, R 61 E, be approved and the proposed ordinance acted upon
at the Special Meeting of the Commission to be held July 22, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO
THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND
INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL THE LAWS AND ORDINANCES;
ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY
RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Whipple
and Sharp, committee for recommendation.

ONE-HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the request of Marco Rosato for one-hour parking zone on

South 1st; 300 Block	both sides of the 300 Block of South 1st Street between Bridger and Lewis as 

recommended for approval by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Approved

Planning Director Bills stated seven property owners were in favor, three were not
in favor and there was no replies from three. He stated a portion of this block
had an existing one-hour parking zone and this would complete the remainder.

Commissioner Fountain moved a one-hour parking zone on both sides of the 300 Block
of South 1st Street between Bridger and Lewis be approved as recommended by the
Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

NO-PARKING ZONE	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission

Francisco Square	for the installation of a no-parking zone along the north side of San Francisco

Shopping Center Area               Avenue between Fairfield and Las Vegas Boulevard South, and along the west side

of Las Vegas Boulevard South, between San Francisco and Cincinnati. This area is
Approved	the east and south boundary of the Francisco Square Shopping Center and this 

noparking zone would make available an additional traffic lane which will facilitate
turning requirements. Mr. Bills stated there would be no need for curb parking
in view of the parking lot.

Commissioner Whipple moved a no-parking zone along the north side of San Francisco
Avenue between Fairfield and Las Vegas Boulevard South, and along the west side of
Las Vegas Boulevard South, between San Francisco and Cincinnati, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

URBAN RENEWAL	Director of Planning Franklin Bills, Coordinator of Urban Renewal, presented the

MADISON SCHOOL PROJECT       recommendation that the City enter into a contract with the Western Real Estate

Research Corporation of Los Angeles, California, in the amount of $5,500.00 to
Western Real Estate	prepare the necessary land acquisition appraisals for the Madison School Urban

Corporation Contract	Renewal Project. It was requested that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized

to sign a standard form contract approved by the Housing and Home Finance Agency
Approved	and also by the City Attorney.

Mr. Bills stated they had tried to get a local appraiser; however, of the five
interested, three of them could not fully meet the qualifications for this kind of
appraisal work. One appraiser (until recently a local appraiser) did not act
particularly interested and never submitted a proposal in writing. The fifth
appraiser, George Von Tobel, indicated that he had too much regular work and
could not possibly undertake this contract.

Mr. Bills added that they then went outside of this locality to the Western Real
Estate Research Corporation of Los Angeles which is one of the top appraisal firms
in. the United States and experienced in this type of work. Their proposed fee was
lower than any qualified local appraiser. They offered to do the work in ninety
days for a base fee of $5,000.00 and out-of-pocket expenses, not to exceed $500.00;
a fee of $75.00 for any additional appraisals of unimproved land and $125.00 for
any additional appraisals of improved parcels; their fee for court procedures would
be $100.00 per day or $75.00 for half day, which is a standard fee with every
appraiser, in the event we would go into the execution stage and have to go into
condemnation suit.

7-15-59