Miller Company, which has their salesman before us at this time for the same type of meter,
installed them in Salt Lake and received payment thereafter on a 50 - 50 basis which paid themselves
out in one and one-half years. They are asking us here to purchase them on a 75 - 25 basis in
favor of the company.

The Mi-Co parking meter sells for $45. I have not received the necessary information to furnish
a report on this meter and three or four other types of meters which should be before this Board
for consideration before definite action is taken.

Commissioner Rubidoux stated that he was in favor of getting these meters from the Duncan Meter
Company at this time so as not to hold the purchase up until too late - as there were only a 

limited number available - and they would be paid for out of the revenue collected.

Following are excerpts from a letter addressed to the American Magazine, New York City, written
by Commissioner Smith, asking for certain information:	1. Is it possible to have meters installed

on time payments? 2. What do you consider to be the most practical meter? 3. What equipment is
necessary for operation and maintenance? 4. What number of employees are required per 100 meters?

5.	Is it possible to obtain meters at this time? This letter was written on August 5th, 1942 but
to date have received no reply.

City Attorney Paul Ralli appeared at this time.

Commissioner Smith stated that he was not trying to retard progress but that he wanted to comply
with the purchasing regulations and to send bids out.

Commissioner Tinch moved that we enter into a contract with the Duncan Meter Corporation to install
four hundred meters on the streets of Las Vegas as per lease agreement submitted and checked by the 
city attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux.

Commissioner Smith stated, ”I am opposed to signing the proposed contract or authorizing said 
signature on the following grounds:

1. I question the legality of the action to this as only three members are present at this meeting.

2. To enter into such a contract without being governed by our Charter and Ordinance provisions
requiring competitive bidding on such sums either for meters which presumably on the idea advanced
they will pay for themselves without any cost to the city and I therefore shall vote no on this
question.

Commissioner Smith stated that it is an acknowledged fact that the 

Mayor is in the city and the records on our Minutes of August 24th, indicate that this meeting was a 

recessed meeting for the primary purpose of considering the question before us.



Mayor Garrison appeared at this time and was seated in the Chair.

Commissioner Smith stated that upon the Mayors arrival, without review of what has formerly transpired, 

that the vote is to be taken.



Mayor Garrison stated that this was rather sudden that he would like to have had some more bids
on the meters. And had anything been done or were they taking this man’s (Mr. Christensen)
word that getting bids couldn’t be done.

Commissioner Smith stated that any action taken would be illegal.

The city attorney stated that the meeting is legal and that no bids were required to enter into
a lease contract.

Commissioner Tinch stated that he considered it an emergency and that if the city contemplated
getting meters that they should do it now.

Mayor Garrison stated that it was his opinion that if the city wanted meters, due to priorities
and war conditions, that they should accept this man’s (Mr. Christensen) proposition.

Thereafter, the vote was taken on the former motion to execute lease agreement with Duncan Meter
Corporation with the following result. Voting aye: Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor,



the Mayor. Voting no. Commissioner Smith. Motion carried.



Commissioner Tinch moved that the city attorney be instructed to draw an ordinance as outlined

by Commissioner Smith to handle this meter situation. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, 

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
Commissioner Smith. Motion carried.



Commissioner Rubidous moved that the matter of condemning that certain site to be occupied
by the Health Center be referred to the Government. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
voted on as follows:	Voting aye:	Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch. Voting no, none.

Passed:	Commissioner Smith and Mayor Garrison.

Dr. Morgan appeared at this time and stated that since the district attorney has been handling 
correspondence on the matter that it might be cleared through that office.

At the hour of 11:20 A. M., Mayor Garrison excused himself and Commissioner Smith resumed the chair.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Board, under the present conditions, be willing to waive the 
requirements of the specifications as to floor covering in the lavatories in the West Wing of the
War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city engineer take up the matter of the location of the Kreiger 

Oil Station with the state highway department, informing them that it is the desire of the city
that steps be taken to remove this building out of the street. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem 

voting aye. Noes, none.



Mr. Brown made a report regarding a fence around the paraphet on the roof of the West Wing of the
War Memorial Building.