Respectfully yours,

Las Vegas Land & Water Co.

By. Walter R. Bracken

Vice-President.

Whereupon,:

On motion duly made by Commissioner Hammond and seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the
following resolution was unanimously adopted:	

Resolved: That all trails, roads and highways running over, across or through that
portion of the southwest quarter of Section 34, Tp. 20 S., R. 61 E. M. D. B. & M. situate
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, lying south of Garces Street and lying
East of Main Street produced, and lying East of Fifth Street and south of Clark Street
produced, and particularly those two certain roads or trails running from the intersection
of Fifth Street with the southwesterly line of Garces Street as shown on the plat of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, recorded in Book A. page 5 of Plats, Records of Lincoln County, Nevada,
to what is known as the Dutton Ranch and to what is known as the John S. Park and Wm. S. Park
property, situate in Section 3 Tp. 21 S. R. 61 E., be and the same are hereby abandoned,
provided however, that said abandonment shall not become effective until Las Vegas Land and
Water Company shall have conveyed to the State of Nevada an easement for public highway or
road purposes over the following described strip or parcel of land situate in said County
and State, to-wit:

A strip of land 80 feet wide through that
portion of the said southwest quarter of
Section 34 lying southerly of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite as recorded in Book A, page 5
of Plats, records of Lincoln County, Nevada,
and being 40 feat on each side of measured
at right angles to, the following described
center line and prolongation thereof:

Beginning at the point of intersection of
the center line of Fifth Street with the
southwesterly line of Garces Street as shown
on said plat of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite,
said point being west 653.7 feet, more or
less, from a point on the easterly line of
said southwest quarter of said Section 34,
said last named point being 1205.5 feet
northerly from the southeast corner of said
southwest quarter of Section 34, thence, S.

27'45' W. 1364.0 feet, more or less, to a
point on the southerly line if said section
34, said point being 1288.0 feet westerly
from the said southeast corner of southwest
quarter of Section 34;

Containing 2.50 acres, more or less.

Said easement to continue as long as said strip
above described shall be used for highway or
road purposes and upon the execution and delivery
of a deed for the above described strip of land
the above described roads, trails, and highways
and all rights of the City of Las Vegas therein or
thereto shall immediately be abandoned and any
rights of said City of Las Vegas or of the public
therein or thereto shall immediately cease and
terminate.

The vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, and
Elwell, and his Honor the mayor J. F. Hesse, Aye, Noes, None.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication
TO THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA :

The undersigned citizens and property holders in the City of Las Vegas hereby
respectfully petition your Board to investigate and take such action as is possible
to prevent the establishment and maintenance of the swimming pool at or near the corner
of Fremont and Fifth Streets, on ground that same will constitute a nuisance; and we
also request that said swimming pool be and not allowed to be connected with the public
sewer, as we are advised that such connection is contrary to the plumbing and sewerage
of the City of Las Vegas.

name	

Mrs. T. R. Hodgens