Tem Dentner, Aye Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, the City Attorney
was directed to draw an ordinance prohibiting aeroplanes from doing stunts over the thickly settled
portion of the city, and that said Ordinance be handled as an emergency ordinance. Voting Com-
missioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, the Light and Sewer
Commissioner was directed to interview the Telephone Company with regard to securing all night
service it appearing to the Board that the growth of the City makes such service urgent. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding that the Board stand adjourned
until the next regular meeting, to be held on Wednesday the seventh day of February, 1923, at three
o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 7,1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 7th day of February, A.D. 1923. Present Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens,

W.E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner being absent.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion, of Commissioner Arnold
seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that Commissioner Hodgens serve as Chairman Pro Tem. Voting
on said motion, Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was ordered that the Board adjourn until Thursday, February, 9th
1923, at the hour of three o'clock p.m., on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Com-
missioner Arnold, Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 8,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,



Nevada, held on the 8th day of February, A.D. 1923, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and
Harry Blanding, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read upon motion of Com-