accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in instal-
lments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any
property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay
the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next inter-
est paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax
roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the Coun-
ty Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas,
is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said Coun-
ty and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said
tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer
and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and
directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other
State and County taxes are collected.

Section 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when
collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement
Assessment District No. 100-20 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall
at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to
the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to
be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in
part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to
payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not
be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully
paid.

Section 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved,
said Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said
Ex-Officio City Assessor, whose name appears on said Assessment Roll, by United
States of America Mail, that an assessment has been levied against said person and
the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-20,
shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

Section 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this
ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City,
directed toward the paving, curbing, guttering and otherwise improving certain
streets and parts of streets in said Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-20, toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting
special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby
ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts
of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance,
are hereby repealed.

Section 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part
of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in
any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 21. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las
Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

Section 22. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption,

•in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

Commissioner Peccole seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole,

Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay; None, Absent:	None.

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Peccole,
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final pass-
age and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby,
suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said em-
ergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result; Those voting aye; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay; None.
Absent:	None.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Peccole se-
conded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance
upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye;

Commissioner Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay;
None. Absent:	None.