call the Board?

CONNIE MORMON:	I never went through this procedure before.

COMM. WHIPPLE:	You had made a promise when you had previous trouble. Don't you

feel there should be cooperation between you and the Child Welfare

Board?

CONNIE MORMON:	I didn't think. I was befuddled. It was Helldorado weekend and

I was very busy at the nursery.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	When did you call Dr. Carr?

CONNIE MORMON:	It was Monday morning before Dr. LaCanna was able to reach Dr.

Carr.

MAYOR., GRAGSON:	What day was Dr. LaCanna there?

CONNIE MORMON:	The doctor was there the day he came down with the mumps.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	How long after the boy was admitted did you realize he had the mumps?

CONNIE MORMON:	The day after he was admitted. I believe he was admitted on May 14th

and then took sick on the 15th. I had gone to Morton Galane's office
and received a call while I was there and found out the child had the mumps. Dr.
LaCanna came but couldn't reach Dr. Carr until Monday.

COMM. WHIPPLE:	You say you tried hard to cooperate with the Child Welfare Board.

Don't you think this would have been an excellent opportunity to
call them and tell them of your problem?

CONNIE MORMON:	You are right.

JACK PURSEL:	The physical make-up of the isolation room is that it is a bedroom

with two bunk beds. When we visited there the Tuesday following this
child's admittance this child was on top of one of the bunk beds. I question the
isolation as it seems to be the only bedroom on the premises.

CONNIE MORMON:	The isolation room has four beds. A sick child is placed there

until its mother can come and take it. Then the room is properly
aired and cleaned. I asked Dr. LaCanna where I could bed them down; they were
bedded down on my cots, which are the finest cots I can buy. What was I to do?

MR. GALANE:	Is this license conditioned on this very room?

JACK PURSEL:	As a bedroom.

DIANE SCHNAER:	Before I came here as a nurse, sometime in the past the records

show that Mrs. Mormon did appear before the Child Welfare Board.

The problem then was how to get money from mothers so she could get paid. She
could have come to the Board when this child came down with the mumps. The
Juvenile Home would have taken this child. If she had called me, I would have
called the Juvenile Home to take him with the contagious disease.

MR. GALANE:	The father had not deserted the child. What about the Brodsky child

from the Peter Pan Nursery with the mumps? Who gave permission for

this?

DIANE SCHNAER:	I was not aware they had any mumps at the Peter Pan Nursery.

DON DANIELS:	I believe there are qualified people on the Child Welfare Board and

what they have observed each time in visiting this nursery, all in
accordance, that this is not fit to remain a nursery school. They must have real
good reasons to feel her license should be revoked.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	This Board is only interested in evidence and not opinions. Do you

have any more witnesses, Mr. Galane?

MR. GALANE:	Mrs. Mormon would like to make a statement in her own words and in

response to some of the charges. Her interests are at stake.

CONNIE MORMON:	Domestic help	is	very difficult	in this	town. Most of	them	are	not

dependable so	we	try to get the	best we	can. I	am not	with	my

employees at all times. If there are complaints and a woman sees a child being
dragged, why don't they tell me? If they knew, why not call a meeting and discuss
it? The other nurse would discuss it with us. I get a citation or read it in the
paper before I know about it. I am not entirely guilty. If I am, then every nursery
in this town is guilty of something. I wouldn't be stupid enough to jeopardize my
fine home and investment. I am trying to do my best. The Board comes in. They
walk in, they walk out. They ask for my records, look at them, and walk out. If
the food is inadequate why don't they stay to see how the children like it? Mr.
Sheppard said I am equipped to take in children with disease. I take good care of
my children. How can I cooperate if I don't know what to do? I have problems with
tourists children. I have problems in my big nursery that we have never had before.
We need help and can only get	this by working together,	not one	against the	other.

This is true.	I don't know what	else I can say	to this	Board.

MAYOR GRAGSON: What do you have to say as to your methods of punishment, the red
pepper and so on?

CONNIE MORMON: This method has only been used four, or say six, times. I have used
it when I have had a bad biter and have taken a pinch of chili pepper
to put in the child's mouth. This is no different than "Thum" from the drug store.

The mother is told of this when she comes after the child. If the mother does not
want her child punished, they tell me. Every child is different. Some are very good,

7-22-59