OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 12th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 12th day of May, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

At this time the Mayor appointed the following citizens on the Board of the City
Planning Commission;

A. C. Delkin and Sam J. Shaw to serve on the said Board until May 25th, 1934/

A. W. Ham, and C.V.T. Gilbert to serve on said Board until May 25th, 1935.

The Clerk was directed to inform the above mentioned citizens of their appointments
on the Board of the City Planning Commission.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 14th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 14th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of May 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith and Thomas together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

H.C. Keyes appeared before the Board with a request for an extension of sixty days of
the time set in Section 6 of that certain Permit granted by this Board to him to install gas
main etc. in the streets, etc. of the City of Las Vegas, which permit bears date the 15th
day of December, 1930, and which said Section 6 thereof provides that "within five months
after the passage of this Permit the said Permittee, or his assigns, shall file in the
office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat of the mine proposed to be laid
under the first unit of such installation, showing proposed location and position thereof etc."

A discussion of such request was had by the Board, and thereupon, on motion of Com-
missioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, the following Resolution was duly
adopted:

Resolved that the time within which H.C. Keyes is required, under the provisions of
Section 6 of that certain Permit bearing date the 15th day of December, 1930, made by the
City of Las Vegas to said H.C. Keyes to install gas mains, etc. in the streets etc. of the
City of Las Vegas, to file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat
of mains proposed to be laid under the first unit of such installation, showing proposed
location and position thereof, be and the same is hereby extended for a period of sixty
days from the 14th day of May, 1931 and to expire on the 15th day of July, 1931, and that
such portion of said Section 6 relating thereto, be and the same is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 6. Within seven months after the. passage of this Permit the said Permittee
or his assigns, shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat
of the mains proposed to be laid under the first unit of such installation, showing pro-
posed location and position thereof."

That the remainder of said Section 6 shall be and remain as set forth in Section
6 of said Permit.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that in all other respects said original Permit shall
remain in full force and effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that before the extension hereby provided for shall take
effect the said H.C. Keyes shall within fifteen days from this 14th day of May, 1931 file in
writing with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a written acceptance of the terms of
this Resolution.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized to
furnish to said H.C. Keyes, or his attorney, A.W. Ham, a certified copy of this Resolution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell,

Thomas and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.