OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEV.
SEPTEMBER 16th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of September, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of the regular meeting of September 5th read and approved as read.

Mr. O.A. Kimball appeared before the Board to ask if he might be given the help of one
man in revamping the appraisal of the City property. This appraisal to be made in connection
with the fire insurance policies of the City of which Mr. Kimball was the writer.

motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that A.W. Blackman, assist in this appraisal as he was one of the members of the ori-
ginal "Board of Appraiser".

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

C.D. Baker appeared before the Board with an amended plat of Grandview Addition to the
City and ask that this plat be approved by the Board. Said Addition had been replatted so that
property owners might benefit by the F.H.A.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried 

that this plat of Grandview. Addition be approved and that the Mayor and Clerk sign the
same under the seal of the City.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Attorney Morse appeared before the Board on behalf of the Northern Club and presented an
application to the Board from the Northern Club petitioning the Board to grant that club a
Race Horse Parley license.

As the game was not familiar to the members of the Board of Commissioners no decision
was given at this time but City Attorney Austin was ask to prepare a ruling on same at the
next regular meeting of the Board.

W.J. Flowers as a member of the organization of Milk producers and distributors pre-
sented the Board with copies of the proposed milk ordinance as same was satisfactory with the
parties interested. This ordinance to be considered and adopted before the close of the year 1939
so that same would become effective by January 1st, 1940.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that demands No. 223 to 228 inclusive be allowed at this time, and that the Mayor and Clerk
sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Murray Golden appeared before the Board and ask that the band being organized in Las
Vegas be given permission to use any musical instruments or music that the city might be in-
terested in.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that permission to granted to the band to use any music or musical instruments the city
might own.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Application for the erection of a neon sign at Eddie's Beauty Parlor was presented to
the Board also a petitions asking that this permission not be granted.

Commissioner Gilbert moved that this petition be tabled until the regular meeting of
the Board on October 4th, 1939 at which time the property owners would be give opportunity to
appear before the Board and protest the erection of this sign. Seconded by Commissioner Krause.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Rev. Wessel appeared before the Board and ask per mission to erect two signs for the
Luthern Church and that the City waive the permit fee of $2.00 on each sign. Mayor Russell and
Commissioners Gilbert and Krause presented the Luthern Church with the necessary fees so that
a president would not be set up.

Fred Callihan appeared before the Board asking for street lights in the vicinity of
3rd & Hoover Streets.

Mr. Callihan was in formed that the erection of lights in that portion of the City
were be allowed in the budget for 1940.

Application of Peter Pansey for the operation of a liquor store at 423 Fremont St was
considered and on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved
and carried that this license be granted. Application being accompanied with a check for $162.50
covering the license fee and was also approved by Chief of Police Wait. To be effective 10/1/39.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor, voting
aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the Aviation Committee of the Chamber of Commerce asking that the City
secure aid from the CCC Camp located on the ground purchased for an airport, if such was possible.
This aid to be in the form of labor in grading and graveling the proposed runways and field.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write Congressman Scrugham and ascertain if it would be possible to secure labor
from the CCC Camp located on the ground east of the City and owned by the City.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.