Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 3rd, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 3rd day of May A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , With Commissioners Elwell,
Matzdorf, Ball and Hicks, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.,

At this time a petition was presented to the Board from the residences of what is known as McWilliams
town or (old town) requesting the Board to take some action regarding water for said townsite, where
upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and
seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered that the City Attorney be and is

hereby instructed to look up the charter of said Las Vegas Land and water Company and take the
same up with the Board of Public Utilities of the State and ascertain if it is possible and can be
legally done for the said Las Vegas Ladd and water Company to furnish water to residence of old town.
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye,

Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time a Committee from the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board requesting financial
assistance informing the Board of the fact that said money was for the purpose of public use and
benefit whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner
Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that it appearing to this Board
that the money asked for by said Chamber of Commerce is for the public use and benefit of said City
it is ordered that the City will allow any sum equal to any amount that the County of Clark will
grant to mid Chamber of Commerce not to exceed the sum of Three hundred dollars ($300.00), the
vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball
aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Board having heretofore received and opened bids for the drilling of an Artesian Well in the
Cemetery ground owned by said City, and having laid the awarding of said contract over until this
meeting than proceeded to award the contract to successful bidder whereupon it appearing to the Board
after due consideration upon the part of the Board that the Bid of Lauberheimer and Beckley is the
best and most satisfactorily bid it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner
Elwell and duly carried ordered that said contract be and the same is hereby awarded to said Lauberheimer 

and Beckley and the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to draw upon a contract for the
drilling of said well same to be presented to the Board at there adjourned meeting to be held on the
10th day of May A.D. 1916. at ten o'clock A.M. of said day. the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the opening of Bids for the construction of a cement
concrete sidewalk on main street and two bids having been filed the Board than proceeded to open
said bids as follows towit:- A.L. J. Clark for the construction of said sidewalk in the sum of 15
cents (fifteen cents) per square foot.	J.A. Delameter for the construction of said sidewalk

the sum of 14 cents per square foot, said work to be constructed as per ordinance of said City and
per notice heretofore published, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered

that said contract be and the same is hereby awarded to J.A. Delamater upon his filing a good and
sufficient bond in fifty per cent of the amount of said contract and the City Attorney be and is hereby
instructed to draw upon said contract and present the same for the approval of this Board at its

adjourned meeting to be held on the 10th day of May A.D. 1916, at ten o'clock A.M. of said day.