The Clerk then presented to the Board a number of petitions petitioning Commissioners Ronnow
Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti to continue to serve as City Commissioners. Said petitions were
signed by approximately 175 businessmen and other citizens of the City. Mayor Russell read the
names on said petitions to the Board.

Commissioner Gilbert moved and Commissioner Corradetti seconded the motion that the letters of
resignation of Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti be with drawn

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Mayor
Russell voting no. Stating that Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause
were not officials of the City but private citizens.

Mayor Russell read a Section of Ordinance No 32 to Commissioner Corradetti and informed him
he had not fulfilled all the duties of his office as finance Commissioner by not preparing an
anticipated form of budget at the time set forth in Ordinance ho. 32. Commissioner Corradetti ans-
wered the Mayor by stating that for the last three months the meetings had not been harmonious
and therefore much City business had not been disposed of.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the report of Municipal Judge Blad be accepted. lines Collected for the of December 1940 being
$371.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Mayor
Russell voting no. Again stating that the meeting was not legal and was being conducted by four
private citizens.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Board of Commissioners approve the schedule of grave openings as recommended by the
Cemetery Board of the City of Las Vegas. Said schedule be ng on file and of record in the Clerk's
Office.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause Voting aye. Mayor
Russell voting no. Again stating that this meeting was not legal and was being conduced by pri-
vate citizens.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the claim of H Brockmiller for $100.00 and of the Secretary of State for $12.50 be
allowed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Mayor
Russell voting no and stating the meeting was illegal and being conducted by private citizens.

The Clerk presented to the Board the claim of the Pacific Medical Laboratories thru Dr. York
City Health Officer for the sum of $70.00 covering cost of various tests and slides.

Commissioner Gilbert moved and Commissioner Corradetti seconded the motion that the bill not
be allowed and same had not been authorized.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Mayor
Russell voting no. Again making the statement that the meeting was illegal ana being conducted
by private citizens.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the following retail beverage licenses be granted for the year of 1941. All applications
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk covering cost of same:

Pat Keenan	C.F. Reid	Edward	Tip Rowe	Gus Corey	R.D.	Gard

E.D Ciliax	Babe Laura Roan	Frontier Club Inc	Marie Marshall and Jackie Moore

Leonora Aguirre	Dave	Sterns	J.K. Houssells	W J Lincoln	Ruby	Riley

Alice Mitchell	John	Karvin	Bessie	Williams	Mesquite Grocery

Mrs C.R. Boteler	J.M.	Sill	Dewitt	Tract	Ralph Curtis	Vera	Magness

Kitty Walsh	Sam Poulos		

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Mayor Russell voting no. Making the statement that the meeting was illegal and being conducted
by private citizens.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the following tavern licenses be granted for 1941. All applications being in order and
money on file with the Clerk covering the license fee.

Boulder Club Inc	Mrs Andrew Petitti	Mission Tavern	Apache Bar

Exchange Bar	Fremont Tavern Inc.	Foreign Club	Al's Bar

Overland Tavern	Las Vegas Tavern	Sam Stearns	Frontier Club Inc

Sal Sagev Tavern	L.M. Speer	Log Cabin Bar	Burt Weller

M.H Gordon	Ethel Rapoport		

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Mayor Russell voting no. Stating the meeting was illegal and being conducted by private citizens.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the following liquor license be granted for the year 1941. Applications being in proper form
and money on file with the clerk covering cost of same.

B.P.O.E. Club, Club Liquor License	Apache Bar, Cocktail Lounge.

Nevada Beverage CoLas Vegas Distributing Co; J.T. Watters, Ethel Rapoport, M.H. Gordon and
Nevada Nation Ice Company importers license

Las Vegas Distributing Co and Nevada Nation Ice Co wholesale beverage license.

J.T. Watters and Nevada Beverage Co. wholesale liquor licenses.

A.T. Spatz, Market Spot, Jake Ensley, Geo Markisch Sealed package liquor licenses of $162.50 per
quarter year.

Ethel' Rapoport and Josie Donich sealed package liquor license $243.75 per quarter year.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Mayor Russell voting no and stating his reason for voting no being the meeting was illegal and
being conducted by private citizens.