at work at it.

The Louisiana Club, however, was the worst place over there and it was really
filthy. Mr. Z. Louis had agreed to correct the following items:

1.	The floors, walls, and ceilings were dirty throughout the building.

2.	Hundreds of gum drops on the floor.

3.	Toilet doors not self-closing,
4.      Toilet rooms filthy dirty.

5.               Improper dishwashing.

Dr. Carr continued stating instructions had been given regarding the dishwashing on
	Monday, but by Wednesday the proper procedure was not being followed. He explained

this man would listen but didn't respond very well. Furthermore, in the rear there
were 12 stinking, dirty garbage cans, all without lids. Also, there was water running 
on the ground between the storeroom and the kitchen. The walk-in cooler box
had dirt up to the lath on the floor and was very dirty. There was food stored on
the ground. Waste material dropped on food that was not protected from contamination
On the alley and street side of the building there was glass and debris which would
require a truck to haul it away. A general paint job was needed throughout.

Dr. Carr stated that Mr. Louis agreed to clean up his place within seven days and
further agreed to have all necessary painting and other corrections completed within
ten days. He had been warned if this was not accomplished within the specified time
his permit would be taken away and closure would be recommended.

Commissioner Fountain asked Dr. Carr if Mr. Louis was cooperating and Dr. Carr stated
he had been on another assignment all day and did not know what had been accomplished
Dr. Carr added one thing. He had failed to mention that the Louisiana Club had been
graded and posted with a Grade "C" Card on the comer door, side door, and on the
cafeteria, and this type of rating could not be allowed in excess of 30 days.

Mayor Gragson thanked Dr. Carr for a very good report.

-oOo-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 5:50 p.m.
Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

	_______

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG		ORAN K. GRAGSON, MAYOR

ACTING CITY CLERK

***********

Las Vegas, Nevada

MINUTES	August 5, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 5th day of August, 1959; was called to order at the hour of 7:30 p.m. with
the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Calvin Cory

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

Acting City Clerk	Marjorie Holtschlag

	Absent:	Commissioner	William H. Elwell

SHOW CAUSE HEARING          At the last regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held July 15, 1959,
Smokey Cigarette Company         the Smokey Cigarette Company, Ray Eckl, owner, was cited to appear before the Board

of Commissioners at this time to show cause, if any he had, why his cigarette vending 
Show Cause Order Dismissed         operators license should not be revoked.

Mr. Eckl was present and spoke in his own behalf. He stated that at the time he did
not know he was violating the ordinance when he loaned the operators of the Nevada
Vending Machine Company his machines. Commissioner Whipple asked him if these people
came to him and told him they were having trouble with their license.

Mr. Eckl replied they said they had had license and there was some difficulty but
they thought it would be only a matter of a short time before it was straightened
out. In answer to Commissioner Whipple's question he stated there were only five of
his machines involved.

Commissioner Sharp asked if Mr. Eckl had gone to Mr. Hart or Mr. Finn and told them
he had no machines and wanted to borrow their machines, and Mr. Eckl replied that he



7-23-59 and 8/5/59