At this time City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the bids received for the
installation of the sprinkler system at the Baseball Field were almost double the ori-
ginal estimate, and recommended that these bids be rejected.

Commissioner Bunker moved that all bids received on Bid No. 37.2, Sprinkler System for
the Baseball Field, be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the deed from Ed Strong, Beatrice Fredi and Caroline Betts for "J" Street
is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting
the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
18th day of January, 1957, executed by Ed Strong, Beatrice Fredi who acquired title as
Beatrice Strong and Caroline Betts, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On Motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the deed from Western Heating & Ventilating for a portion of the intersection
of South "A" Street leading into South Main is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to
draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City
Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 10th
day of January, 1957, executed by Western Heating and Ventilating, Incorporated, to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the deed from V. D. and Ann Eachus and E. L. & Thelma Josephson for "H" Street
northerly from Owens Avenue to the north line of Berkley Square; "J" Street northerly
from Owens Avenue to the 1/16 corner north of Highland Square; and an unnamed street
westerly from the northwest corner of Berkley Square to the intersection of "J" Street,
is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting
the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 17th
day of November, 1956, executed by V. D. Eachus and Ann Eachus, husband and wife; E. L.
Josephson and Thelma M. Josephson to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the deed from Standard Wholesale Supply Co. for 10 feet widening on the south
right-of-way of Bonanza Road, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the
standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk
authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 31st
day of January, 1957, executed by Standard Wholesale Supply Company, a Nevada Corporation,
Recorded as Doc. No. 98508 in Book 119 of Official Records in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The quitclaim deed from Werner J. & Berteen Wyler for a portion of Hinkle Drive into
North 25th Street and the quitclaim deed from the City to Werner J. Wyler for the south
2 feet of the east 237.5 feet of Hinkle Drive, were deferred until the next regular
meeting of the Commission.

The Commission considered the petition of Jerome D. Mack, Philip H. Empey and C. A.

Huffey requesting that the City acquire the right-of-way for Bracken Avenue between 6th
and 7th Streets.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney for investigation
and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 57.2
Sprinkler System for
Baseball Field

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS
J Street

A Street

"H"' and "J"

Streets

West Bonanza Road

ACQUISITION OF
BRACKEN AVENUE
From 6th to 7th