INDUSTRIAL TRACT--
 O. J. Scherer

MAIN STREET WIDENING

LEGAL DEPT.—Traveling
Expenses

SUB-DIVISION—Zaugg
Violation

SUB-DIVISION—Kelso-
 Turner Housing Project

Thereafter, Mr. Rupert and Mr. Chambers spoke on behalf of
of the Plumbers Examining Board. Mr. Bob Goldstein, on behalf
of Mr. Cohen, stated that if he might see a copy of the 

examination, for the purpose of determining whether it was the
same examination he took, it might settle the argument.

Thereafter, Mr. Treem, Sanitation officer for the City, came in
and they retired to his office to make an study of the
examination papers involved. Shortly thereafter they returned
to the council Chamber and Mr. Cohen stated that he wished the
matter dropped at the present time.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
planning Commission be approved relative to furnishing
sanitary sewers in the industrial tract of O. J. Scherer to
that portion zoned for industry; and that the lots in the
residential section thereof be allowed to use septic tanks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the State Highway Department
be permitted to file a revised set of drawings for the widening
of certain portions of Main Street, as mentioned in the 

resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners at their
last meeting held August 22, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be allowed
expenses while appearing before the Supreme Court at Carson
City, Nevada, on behalf of the City of Las Vegas on the
fingerprinting ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
planning Commission of September 6, 1946, relative to 

violation of the sub-division laws by Arnold Zaugg be approved
and the City Attorney be directed to take necessary action
to restrain or enjoin these activities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Corradetti.

The following recommendations from the Planning Commission
were presented to the Board in regard to the Kelso-Turner
Housing Project.

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

Honorable Mayor and

Board of City Commissioners,

City Hall

Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Subdivisions

Kelso-Turner Housing
Project

Gentlemen:

In accordance with your request for recommendations relative to the
dedication of streets in the Kelso-Turner Project, the Joint Planning
Commission is happy to advise as follows:

Since the development of this project has been made over existing
record subdivisions or portions of record subdivisions it would not
be advisable nor legally feasible to establish new streets until . .

1.	The Federal Government or other responsible Authority

has secured complete title to the lands concerned and then,

2.	Such agency must take the proper steps necessary to
vacate the record tracts or portions thereof over which
the present project has been developed, whereupon

3.	A new street scheme (the existing development) should
be platted and processed as a new subdivision complying
with standards of the Planning Commission and City of
Las Vegas.

Any and all expense incurred in connection with the above procedure
should be borne by the Federal Government, Authority, or other Agency