No barricade shall extend further into the right-of-way area on the side streets
than four feet beyond the curb line, and four feet must be reserved for a walk-
way area and must be enclosed according to City codes and specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp advised the Commission that he and Commissioner Bunker had investi-
gated the request of Southern Nevada Industrial Foundation for office space, furniture
and a secretary in City Hall, and recommended that this formal request be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved that in the best interest of the public, office space, furni-
ture and secretarial services for the Southern Nevada Industrial Foundation be pro-
vided in City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the installation of a Sprinkler System in the Baseball
Field adjacent to the Municipal Golf Course and a Sprinkler System in Hyde Park
Circle, the following bid was received:

Item 1	Item II	Item III

NEVADA LAWN IRRIGATION	$12,551.40	$3,059.86	$11,425.94

Commissioner Sharp moved this bid be referred to the Director of Public Works for
computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he and Commissioner Sharp had been appointed as a
committee to meet with the property owners on East Charleston concerning the im-
provement of this street between 15th and the intersection with Fremont Street.

Commissioner Bunker said that a meeting had been held on March 5th, and read the
following report to the Commission:

1.	That, a 20 foot alley be dedicated behind the property at the rear of the property
paralleling East Charleston Boulevard.

2.	That, an Assessment District be created for the installation of curb, gutter, pav-
ing, street lights, and sidewalk, and relocation of the existing utilities where they
encroach within the proposed area to be vacated along Charleston Blvd.

3.	That, steps be taken to vacate 40 feet along Charleston Blvd., so that Charles-
ton Bvd., will then be developed in the same manner as it is presently developed be-
tween 10th and 15th Streets.

During the discussion held yesterday afternoon, the property owners present indicated
that they would be very agreeable to the above approach, and also, that they would be
agreeable to a Bond Issue of short duration, i.e., a five or seven year Bond Issue.

If the general approach, as we are presenting it, issued, I am sure that it will pro-
vide a much more uniform development of East Charleston than would otherwise develop
as a result of the miscellaneous off-site improvement agreements that the City is
now using, especially when it is very questionable whether some Of the agreements
were properly handled.

Based on this, it is recommended that the City Engineer be instructed to proceed
with the required plans, specifications and other coordination necessary with the
City Attorney's office to properly develop East Charleston as an Assessment Dis-
trict, and that he report back to this Commission at the next meeting the progress
that has been made regarding the dedication of the alley and any additional right-
of-way necessary for the development of Charleston Blvd., as I have outlined.

Commissioner Bunker moved this report be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Henry Bridgman of the Motel Association appeared before the Commission at this
time and requested that the City support Assembly Bill No. 333 concerning the prohi-
bition of outdoor advertising of motel rates. Mr. Bridgman stated that this legis-
lation was the same as Ordinance No. 731 recently adopted by the Commission.

The Commission advised Mr. Bridgman that they would take this matter under considera-
tion.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Engineering Department be authorized to proceed to pre-
pare plans and specifications for the complete development of Hyde Park Circle so that
bids can be opened March 20, 1957 for landscaping, installation of sidewalks and
a drinking fountain in this park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



SOUTHERN NEVADA
INDUSTRIAL FOUNDATION

BID NO. 57.7
Sprinkler System
Baseball Field & Hyde
Park Circle

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT
East Charleston

MOTEL ASSOCIATION
HYDE PARK CIRCLE