GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Bunker moved that	the	application	of	Frank	Cobert	for	an	increase	from

Increase in Percentage	33-1/3% to 50%	in	the Racebook	License	at	the 	Derby	Turf	Club,	113	South	1st	be	held

of Ownership	in abeyance.

Derby Turf Club	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Abeyance	Absent:	Mayor	C.	D. Baker.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Albert M. Galli for 25% interest

Additional Owner	in the Racebook License at the Saratoga Race Book, 114 South 1st, be approved and the

Saratoga Race Book	Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license. Police report

is favorable on the applicant.

Approved

potion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

LICENSE - OTHER	Commissioner Fountain	moved that the application	of H. Dale Tobler for 50% interest	in

Addition of Partner	Slot Operator License	of	the Rancho Coin Machine	Co., 3065 N. Main, be approved and

Rancho Coin Mach. Co.	the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license. Police report

is favorable bn the applicant.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

LICENSE - OTHER	Commissioner Sharp moved	that the application of	David A. Messing for 10% interest in

Addition of Partner	Slot Operator License	of	the J. J. Parker Co., 1308 South Main, be approved and the

J. J. Parker Co.	Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license. Police report is

favorable on the applicant.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

LICENSE - NEW	The Commission considered the application of Robert Powell and Ronald Markin for a

Pawnshop	Pawnshop License for the Ace Loan Co., 128 South 1st. City Clerk Robert Boos informed

Ace Loan Company	the Board that under ordinance the limitation is for seven Pawnshop Licenses and that

this application, if approved, would bring the present number to six. There is a
Approved	favorable police report on the applicants.

(This motion 	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Robert Powell and Ronald Markin for a

rescinded later in this	Pawnshop License for the Ace Loan Co., 128 South 1st, be approved and the Supervisor

meeting and changed	of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license,

to Held in Abeyance.)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

LICENSE - NEW	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Robert Powell and Ronald Markin for a Permit

Permit for Sale	for Sale of Firearms at the Ace Loan Company, 128 South 1st, be approved and the Super-

of Firearms	visor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the permit.

Ace Loan Company

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Approved	Bunker,	Fountain,	Sharp and His Honor	Mayor	Pro	Tem Whipple voting	aye;	noes, none.

(Motion rescinded	Absent:	Mayor C.	D. Baker,

as above.)

SOUTHRIDGE ESTATES	The Commission considered the tentative map	for	Southridge Estates	subdivision as submitted

Tentative Map	by Paul	Smitley.	This subdivision is	generally	located between Bracken	and Franklin	and

15th and 17th Streets, described as a portion of the SW¼  of the NW¼, Section 2, T21S, R61E,
Approved	approximately 12 acres (51 lots).

This map is in conformity with the general street plan for this area which was approved
by the Planning Commission and subsequently by the Board of City Commissioners at their
regular meeting held February 4, 1959. Approval was recommended by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map for Southridge Estates subdivision be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

PROPOSED STREET NAME	Planning Director Bills read the following recommended street name changes:

CHANGES

Public Hearing	Set	Jansen Avenue (Bruce to 25th)	to	Searles Street

April	1,	 1959	Washington Avenue (Main to Biltmore) to	Sycamore Lane

Fir Street (Falcon to Upland)	to	Alta Drive

Cactus Lane (Twin Lakes)	to	San Juan Drive

Circle Drive (Scotch #80)	to	Crescent Drive

Barry Circle (Rancho Vista)	to	Barry Way

Jaymie Circle (Rancho Vista)	to	Jaymie Way

Commissioner Bunker asked if the property owners concerned had been notified and Mr.

Bills replied that he had spoken to almost all of the people involved and they are in
agreement with the necessity of a change. He added that they will be notified in writing
of the public hearing.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing regarding the recommended street name
changes be held April 1, 1959 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

3-4-59