"F" STREET
ZAUGG TRACT
"L" STREET

VAN BUREN AVENUE
6-2-54

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las VegaS; County of Clark; State of Nevada; that the deed dated the
7th day of May, 1954, executed by Sam Williams to the City of Las Vegas; County of
Clark; State of Nevada; and that the real property described therein be and is
hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed; and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street
purposes on "F" Street.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
26th day of May, 1954 executed by Clem and Frances Malone to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be and
is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

 At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street
purposes in Zaugg Tract.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made;

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
8th day of April, 1954, executed by Albert and Alice Barnes to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the real property described therein
be and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of right of way deeds for street
purposes on "L" Street.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated
and executed as follows:

a)	Perry & Mable Fortson; Excell J. Barren; Terry & Abery
Wheatley, dated May 20, 1954.

b)	George & Gertrude Fortson, dated March 31, 1954

c)	Lucille Hughes, dated May 26, 1954

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of right of way deeds for street pur-
poses on Van Buren Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made;

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated
and executed as follows:

a)	John & Ella Kendrick; Dennis & Ida Morgan; Hermit & Teola
Williams, dated May 20, 1954.

b)	Perry & Maple Fortson; Willie & Lizzie Coleman, Jr. dated
May 20, 1954.

c)	Freddie & Cora Young; George & Gertrude Fortson; Otis &

Florence Harris, dated May 20, 1954

d)	Inabell McLemore, dated May 20, 1954

e)	Sam Williams, dated May 7, 1954

f)	Fred & Alma Tellis; John & Elizabeth Allen; Foster &

Louise Hardin, dated May 20, 1954

g)	W. Hamilton & Annie B. Medlock, dated May 26, 1954

To the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the realy
property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.