by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers at the

City Hall, 5th & Stewart, on the 28th day of June. 1950 at the hour of
3:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Gaming Applications for 3rd Quarter of 1950

2.	Liquor Applications for 3rd Quarter of 1950

3.	Notifications of change in ownership from Eldorado Club,

Food Center and Monte Carlo Club.

4.   Opening of Bid No. 50.20

5.	Letter from Regional Planning Commission on Zaugg Tract

6,	Report from Committee on proposed ordinance amending Garbage Ordinance
7. Approval of Partial Payment on Sewage Treatment Plant

8.	Formal acceptance of Sewage Treatment Plant

9.	Auditorium Rental

10.	Associated Investigators - Requested to appear at Board Meeting

11.	Housing Authority - low cost housing

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice
of Special Meeting:

s/ E. W. Cragin	s/ Wendell Bunker

s/ Reed Whipple	s/ Robert T. Moore

s/ William Peccole	s/ C. W. Shelley _____________

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 28th day of June,

1950 was called to order at the hour of 3:50P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

Peccole, Whipple; City Manager C. W. Shelley, City Attorney Howard W.

Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

ZAUGG TRACT	The City Clerk was instructed to notify the Regional Planning Commission that

	the Board of Commissioners will meet with them on July 6, 1950 at 3:00 P.M.

	to discuss the Zaugg Tract.

BID NO. 50-20	This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 50.20, Electric Lamp

Electric Lamp Contract              Contract, bids were opened from the following firms:

	Saviers Electric

Tri County Electric
Clark County Electric

Commissioner Moore moved these bids be referred to the City Manager and
Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE - The committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance amending the Garbage
Garbage Ordinance               Ordinance asked for additional time before reporting.

Amendment



PARTIAL PAYMENT -         Commissioner Moore moved that the partial payment on the construction of the
Sewage Plant	Sewage Treatment Plant to Hoagland-Findlay Engineering Company in the amount

of $2,395.80 be approved, the Comptroller instructed to draw a warrant for this
	amount and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SEWAGE PLANT -	Commissioner Peccole moved the formal acceptance of the Sewage Disposal Plant

Formal Acceptance	be made, and a Notice of Completion filed by the contractor, Hoagland-Findlay

Engineering Company

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Moore.

AUDITORIUM RENTAL        At this time Mr. Wahl appeared before the Board to request use of the Auditorium
without charge, for the formation of a municipal band.



Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager’s recommendation that there be no
use of the Auditorium without charge be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.