OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 2, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, Held on the second day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the written applications of the following
persons for permission to set off fireworks in the City of Las Vegas: D. G. Lorenzi, R. S. Lehman,
R. G. McCubrey and Charles B. Hemphill. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by
Commissioner German, and unanimously carried, it was ordered that the Clerk issue permits to
the above named applicants, granting them permission to set off fire works in the City of Las
Vegas, in the manner and during the hours set forth in said permits.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this body adjourn.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 7, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present:
Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner O. J. Smith.

Meeting called tp order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claim and Warrant Register in the office of the Clerk.



Officers reports read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the clerk.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented and read to the Board a letter from C. D. Breeze, Esq, Mu-
nicipal Judge, requesting said Board to raise his salary from the sum of $50. per month to the
sum of $100 per month. After full discussion this matter was laid over for future consideration.

The Clerk then presented four petitions to the Board praying as follows:

TO THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

The undersigned citizens and taxpayers of said City of Las Vegas hereby
petition your honorable body to immediately take such steps and proceedings
as may be necessary, by ordinance or otherwise, to secure as a public util-
ity, an adequate water supply for the residents of the Original Townsite of
Las Vegas. There As a critical shortage of water in that portion of the City,
which calls for immediate and urgent action in the premises.

The above mentioned petitions were signed by a number of citizens and taxpayers of the City of
Las Vegas. Action on this matter was deferred to Saturday, the 9th of July, 1927, at the hour
of three o'clock P. M.



A proposed contract for the collecting, hauling and disposal of garbage from this City was
read by the Clerk, said contract being presented by A. B. Mitchell and signed by him.

After general discussion this matter was laid over for future consideration.