This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.19 for the furnish-
ing of maintenance supplies to the City of Las Vegas for the period commencing
July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958; a bid was received from the following firm:

ZELLERBACH PAPER CO.	$1,420.00

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain; Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.20 for the fur-
nishing of reproduction paper to the City of Las Vegas for the period commencing
July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958; bids were received from the following firms:

LAS VEGAS BLUEPRINT	$1,017.35

MERCURY BLUE PRINT	1,428.68

PARAGON BLUE PRINT CO.	No Bid

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the tentative map of Morning View Heights No. 2. Plan-
ning Director Bills advised the Commission that the original tentative map of this
subdivision had been approved by the Planning Commission on July 24, 1956. He re-
ported that the City Commission had approved the map on May 15, 1957; subject to
proper drainage, relocation of a street, and submission of a street profile. He
further explained that the re-design required by the City Commission was unsatis-
factory to the Subdivider, and the matter was again considered by the Planning Com-
mission on June 13, 1957. At this Planning meeting, the Planning Commission agreed
to again submit this map with the original design to the City Commission, together
with a report from the City Engineering Department indicating that surface drainage
is proper.

Discussion followed with the Planning and Engineering Departments and Fred Eaton,
Engineer for the subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Morning View Heights #2
be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioier

Whipple.

Field Engineer Kenneth Hansen requested a change order in the Westside Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-36 concerning alley approaches from curb line to property line. Mr.
Hansen reported that the Contractor for this District, V.C. Mendenhall, proposed
that the cost will be $2.35 per square yard with an overall cost of $10,025.10. Mr.
Hansen recommended that this change order be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a change order concerning alley approaches in
Assessment District No. 1OO-36 in the total amount of $10,025.10 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the acceptance and final payment on the East and West
Charleston Boulevard Fire Stations. Field Engineer Ken Hansen reported that the
Notice of Completion was recorded on May l4, 1957; and recommended that these
fire stations be accepted; that final payment of $11,233.25 be made, but the per-
formance bonds retained until such time as the paint manufacturer has had the op-
portunity to inspect the paint jobs on these projects.

The Commission asked the Assistant City Attorney if the retention of the performance
bonds would protect the City in the event there is any discrepancy in the paint on
these fire stations. Mr. Hawkins indicated that until these bonds are released,
the City would be protected.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the East and West Charleston Boulevard Fire Sta-
tions be accepted, and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue a war-
rant for final payment to the Contractor, Western States Construction Co., in the
total amount of $11,233.25.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the request for payment for inspection by the Architect,

John Replogle on the West Charleston Boulevard fire station. Discussion was held
on the fact that the original agreement provided only for payment for preparation
of plans and inspection fees on the East Charleston Fire Boulevard Fire Station
at a cost of 6% of the construction price, but no provision was made for the West
Charleston Boulevard Fire Station.

It was the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the agreement be modi-
fied to provide payment to the architect for the inspection of the West Charleston
Boulevard Fire Station in the amount of 3% of the construction cost of this pro-
ject, and that payment in the amount of $l,849.58 to Mr. John Replogle be authorized.

BID NO. 57.19
Maintenance Supplies
Opened

BID NO. 57.20
Reproduction Paper

MORNING VIEW
HEIGHTS #2
Tentative Map

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Change Order-Alley
Approaches

EAST & WEST
CHARLESTON BLVD.

FIRE STATIONS
Acceptance & Final
Payment

WEST CHARLESTON
FIRE STATION
Architect Agreement