439

for his efforts in obtaining these results, and thereby insuring to the citizens of
Las Vegas, Nevada, the future growth and development of the said City, and

NOW, THEREFORE.,	BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,	that	the	City Clerk	be	and she	is

hereby directed to spread	a copy of this Resolution on	the	Minutes of	the books of the

said City, and

NOW, THEREFORE,	BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,	that	the	City Clerk	be	and she	is

hereby directed to send a	copy of this Resolution	to the Honorable J.	M.	Murphy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that all Department Heads carry on with their duties and re-
port directly to the Board until such time as a successor has been chosen for City Man-
ager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City accept written applications for the position
of City Manager; further, that applicants are requested to state their qualifications
for this position.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner Moore
moved that the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

Mayor

city Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 5, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 5th day of August, 1949 was
called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:25 P.M. with the fol-
lowing members present: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Attorney
Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

GAMING & LIQUOR	His Honor read the list of applicants for gaming and liquor licenses as follows:

APPLICATIONS

Howdy Club	HOWDY CLUB	Nate Mack, Harold Stocker

	J. Kell Houssels	19-23 Fremont	1 Race Horse Book

WESTERN CLUB	Bennie Binion, J.S. Pappas	109 Fremont	22 slots

1 Race Horse Book

1	Craps

2	"21"

1 Roulette
1 Faro Bank

FREMONT TAVERN inc.

(Cinnabar)	Robert Testolin, James Fare

Quido Testolin	122 North 1st	1 Roulette

1 "21"

HOWDY CLUB	Nate Mack, Harold Stocker

J. Kell Houssels	19-23 Fremont	Retail Tavern

WESTERN CLUB	Bennie Binion, J.S. Pappas	109 Fremont	Retail Tavern

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole made the following motion;

"I feel that the applications for transfer of a liquor license and the race horse book to the
Howdy Club should be denied at this time and that those licenses should be revoked for the
reason that those licenses were shown inactive for a considerable time. Those owners were
given a chance to put them in use, and they did not, they merely applied for transfer, which
makes it appear they were trafficking in these licenses. I, therefore, move that the appli-
cation for transfer of the liquor licenses of J. K. Houssels to the Howdy Club should be
denied and that the race horse book license from Moe Sedway to the Howdy Club should be
denied, and that those licenses be revoked for non-use."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Moore.

Mr. Moe Sedway appeared before the Board to show cause why he objected to the action of the
Board.

WESTERN CLUB	Commissioner Whipple moved that the applications of the Western Club 109 Fremont for gaming

Liquor & Gaming Denied and liquor license and the application of the Fremont Tavern Inc., 122 North 1st for gaming
FREMONT TAVERN, INC. license be denied on the grounds that in the opinion of the Commission sufficient licenses
GAming Denied	are in operation in the specified zone at this time, and the population does not warrant

	more applications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners