Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Thelma Pike for permission to change the name
of her business from Sundown Liquor Store to Clubhouse Liquor Store and transfer
this business from 214½ North Main to 1157 South 5th Street. The City Manager
submitted a map showing the location of liquor stores presently licensed on
South 5th Street. Discussion was held and the Commission determined there were
a sufficient number of package liquor store licenses already issued on South 5th
Street.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Thelma Pike to change the location of
the Sundown Liquor Store from 214½ Worth Main Street to 1157 South 5th Street be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. John McWamee, attorney for Tanner Motor Company, was present at this time to
request a reduction of the license fee on the busses operated by this firm. Mr.
McWamee advised the Commission that the company was operating the bus service at
a loss, and are presently paying an annual license fee of $200.00 per bus on
eleven busses.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be held in abeyance pending the sub-
mission of a report of financial responsibility by Tanner Motors and a recommen-
dation from the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker advised the Commission that Mayor Baker has been invited to
attend the U. S. Conference of Mayors to be held in New York City in September of
this year. Mr. Bunker stated that he thought that it was important that Las Vegas
be represented.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mayor Baker be authorized to attend the U. S. Conference
of Mayors in Mew York City, and that expenses be paid by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. His Honor
passed his vote.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the proposals on Bid Wo. 57.31 for the instal-
lation of a Deep Well Turbine Pump and Pressure System at the Mew Sewage Treatment
Plant have been tabulated, and recommended that the low bid of Allen & Failing be
accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 57.31 be awarded to the low bidder, Allen
& Failing in the total amount of $3,481.76, subject to the signing of a contract
and furnishing a performance bond by this contractor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that H. B. DeVilliers be appointed as the lay member of
the Board of Electrical Examiners for a term of two years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission requested that a letter of appreciation be sent to Walter Johnson
who served as lay member of the Board of Electrical Examiners since January of 1956.

Commissioner Sharp moved that A. B. Hillis be reappointed as a member of the Board
of Blectrical Bxaminers for a term of two years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mrs. Dale Royce of 2213 Isabelle Avenue, appeared before the Commission at this
time to request that the officers in the Traffic Division of the Police Depart-
ment be granted "hazard pay". Mrs. Royce stated that she felt that the additional
hazard of patrolling on motorcycles warranted increased pay to these employees.

The Board indicated they would take this recommendation under advisement.

Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting recess at the hour of 8:35 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:10 P.M. with all members present as of the
opening session.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that he had received a request from
the attorney of Anne Powell for settlement of her case out of Court. Mr. Cannon
reported that Mrs. Powell has filed a case in District Court against the City claim-
ing damages to her property caused by the water from the effluent ditch. The City
Attorney stated that this trial will commence on August 14th. Discussion was held
and no final determination was made at this time.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, at the hour
of 9:15 P.M. Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting recess until August 14th,

1957 at 7:30 P.M.

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Name
& Location



BUS COMPANY
Request for
Reduction of
License

CONVENTION
ATTENDANCE
Mayor Baker

BID NO. 57.31
Deep Well Turbine
Pump & Pressure
System



Award

BOARD OP ELECTRICAL
EXAMINERS

Appointments

TRAFFIC OFFICERS

"Hazard Pay"



CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Anne M. Powell
Request for Settle-
ment