Mention seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that he would like to commend Bunker and
Jones, Auditors, for the fine job they did in reviewing the financial statement received 
from the disposal company, and that he would like to state again that the
services rendered by the disposal company have been excellent. He added that the
adjustment of the franchise fee would eliminate any excess profits that might be
determined as such. He was of the opinion that the Commission should not do 
anything to jeopardize the service and efficiency of the disposal company.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he would certainly go along with these thoughts and
that he had noticed the disposal company is giving service over and beyond what the
contract calls for.

Commissioner Fountain added that he would like to commend the officials of the
Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc., for the fine cooperation they have had in
working this matter out in an equitable manner.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that the newspapers have published several stories
and in particular an item in regard to the franchise fee of 10% which the City of
Henderson receives; however, he pointed out that the paper failed to mention the
fact that the City of Henderson handled the collection and bookkeeping, and this
city is also located closer to the dump; furthermore, there is a slight difference
in rate and there is not the problem in the turn-over of people moving in and out
of that area.

R. Julian Moore of the Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc., spoke from the floor
stating that with the cooperation that had been expressed there this night he felt
that the company could continue the fine service that it had given in the past.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE          City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance as of May 31, 1959, was

$827,211.28; there were no refunds nor payments out of Bond or Special Assessment
Funds.

SOLICITORS LICENSE FEE City Manager Kennedy presented the request of David E. Ohme for a reduction of the

solicitor's license fee for door-to-door selling of envelopes and cards. Mr.

David E. Ohme	Kennedy advised there was no reason for a reduction.

Denied	Commissioner Sharp asked if Mr. Ohme was handicapped, and Mr. Kennedy replied only

to the extent that he was old and could not secure other employment.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of David E. Ohme for a reduction of
the solicitor's license fee for door-to-door selling of envelopes and cards be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

MAIN AND CHARLESTON	City Manager	Kennedy	presented the proposed revision of the traffic control at the

Traffic Control Revision	intersection	of Main	and Charleston whereby a right-hand turn lane would be provided

for the southbound traffic on Main Street approaching Charleston by using the existing 
Approved	street commonly known as the Main Street Extension.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the proposed revision of the traffic control at the
intersection of Main and Charleston be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

STATE HIGHWAY OFFICIALS	City Manager	Kennedy	requested that a time be set for the Commissioners to meet with

Meeting 6-5-59	the State Highway Officials in regard to the freeway, and this meeting was scheduled

for 8:30 a.m., Friday, June 5, 1959, in the Council Chambers of the City Hall.

CONCORDIA PLACE	City Manager Kennedy presented a request from Harold Stocker in regard to offsite

Cul-de-Sac	improvements agreed to for Concordia Place which is a cul-de-sac located on the

north side of Oakey Boulevard between 15th and 16th Streets. Mr. Stocker wished
Harold Stocker	permission, to build a it" roll type curb instead of "L" type curb as required by

the improvement agreement, as there are only six homes in this cul-de-sac and he
Held in Abeyance	wished to make it appear as a lane instead of a street.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Mr. Stocker's request to make this revision be
held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

WATERLINE - ST. LOUIS	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of Purchase Requisition No. 5870 in the

AVENUE	amount of $1,046.10 for one-half of the Water Line-in St. Louis adjacent to City

Property. This would be for the furnishing of labor, material, and equipment
Purchase Requisition                  for proportionate share of 8" water line installation on St. Louis Avenue to serve

City of Las Vegas property known as the J. C. Fremont Recreation Area at the south-east 
Approved	comer of St. Louis Avenue and 10th Street. The Purchase Requisition to be

made to Royes J. Petersen, 701 Oakey Blvd., Las Vegas, Nevada.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 3870, in the amount of
$1,046.10, to Royes J. Peterson, for one-half of the water line in St. Louis Avenue
adjacent to City Property be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

6-3-59