PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
H. F. Ahmanson

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation
Alley Blk 3
Church Addition

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance
Nevada Homes

ANNEXATION

Murray Wollman

Las Vegas, Nevada
Fehr.ua.ry 2, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 2nd day of February, 1955, was called to order at the hour of 8:00 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Assistant City Attorney	Ralston Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 13561 to 14075 in the net amount
of $62,397.73 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1260 to 1367 and 1369
to 1406 in the total amount of $189,962.33 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the minutes of January 19 and 21, 1955, be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation on the public hearing on the
application of H. F. Ahmanson to rezone property on the corner of 25th and Fremont Streets
from R-3 to C-2, the matter was considered by the Board.

Mr. Franklin Bills, Planning Director, was asked to contact Mr. Ahmanson direct regarding
the right of way on 25th Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for rezoning be held in abeyance until
March 2, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the petition for vacation of alley in
Block 3; Church Addition, continued from January 19, 1955, the matter was considered by
the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this vacation. There were none voiced.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the public hearing on this vacation be continued until
February 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuance of the public hearing on the
application of Nevada Homes for a variance to vary minimum rear yard requirements on
Lot 12, Block 14 and Lots 7, 12, 13 and 15, Block 15 of Charleston Heights No. 3,
Commissioner Whipple moved that this application for a variance be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The Board considered the petition of Murray Wollman for annexation of a portion of the
SE¼ of Section 1, T21S, R61E, MDB&M at this time, continued from January 19, 1955.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins advised the Board that no annexation could be
made within 90 days of a City election.

2-2-55