Las Vegas, Nevada
January 18, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this l8th day of January, 1956 was called to order at the hour of
7.40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board

NO. 200-17	of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the as-

Public Hearing on	sessments and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the

Assessment Roll	proposed improvements in Assessment District No. 200-17, as shown on the amended

	Assessment Roll No. 36-1956.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there
had been no objections filed in her office prior to said meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, sugges-
tions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assessment roll.
 There were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.



Commissioner Whipple moved that since there were no objections that this Assess-
ment Roll No. 36-1956 be approved, and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION CONFIRMING ASSESSMENT ROLL

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof, have taken action to install a sanitary sewer along
certain streets, and alleys and portions of streets and alleys and easements
therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment Dis-
trict No. 200-17 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said
improvements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally included
in the sums assessed according to benefits against the owners and assessable
lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and in-
cluded within such District, proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS, the new Assessment Roll was filed with the City Clerk on the
4th day of January, 1956; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said Assessment
Roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said Assessment Roll,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the l8th day of January, 1956,
that Assessment Roll No. 36-1956, be and the same hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirmation
on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Officio City
Assessor, for the placing of said assessments on the official rolls of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this l8th day of January, 1956.

C. D. Baker__________

ATTEST:	Mayor

Shirley Ballinger        For Assessment Roll No. 200-17 see Page l49A etc.

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board

NO. 200-13	of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear and con-

Public Hearing on	sider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest

Creation,of District	to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, in the proposed

	Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-13 as provided in Emergency Ord-

inance No. 685, passed, adopted and approved the 4th day of January, 1956, and
the notice prescribed therein. The Mayor then asked if any written objections,
suggestions or comments concerning said District had been filed in the office
of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that no objections, suggestions
or comments concerning said district had been filed in her office prior to
said meeting and she filed a certificate with the Board of Commissioners to
that effect.