Las Vegas, Nevada
July 1, 1953

412

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTE CORRECTION

MINUTES

GOLF COURSE EXTENSION
Opening of Bids



VARIANCE APPLICATION
APPEAL

J. T. Franklin
V-38-53

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 1st day of July, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker
Commissioner	Wendell Bunker
Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner	Reed Whipple
Acting City Manager	A. H. Kennedy
Asst. City Attorney Ralston 0. Hawkins	
City Engineer	Sam Keim
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger
Absent: Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp
City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2447 to
2451 inclusive be approved with the exception of Warrant Nos. 2449-11 and
2449-24 in the total amount of $1253.34, these two warrants being eliminated
and leaving a total amount approved of $75,824.23, and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of May 20, 1953 concerning the application of
Abe Feller dba Cafe Capri, 825 South 5th Street for a Restaurant Beverage license, be
corrected to show that this application was approved for issuance of the license for
the. second quarter of 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of May 29, June 3, June 17 and June 22, 1953
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the 9-hole extension
to the Golf Course, bids were received from the following concerns:

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.	$79,500.00

GENERAL BUILDERS	884,500.00

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of J. T. Franklin
for variance to establish and maintain a temporary outside storage yard at 109
South 12th Street, having been denied by the Planning Commission, His Honor asked
if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. William Compton representing Mr. Franklin, appeared before the Board to ask that
his client be permitted to leave this storage yard at said location for a period of
time. Mr. Compton explained that Mr. Franklin has plans to construct a hotel at
this location and will remove the yard off at this time. They asked that six months
or 90 days be given to accomplish this matter.

Several property owners spoke on this matter and requested that the Board not allow
this extension to be renewed from time to time. There was also a letter on file pre-
sented to the Board from Mr. Dan Bogich; owning property located at 213 South 11th
Street, requesting the removal of this storage yard.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that in view of the action of the Board allow-
ing Mr. Phelps ninety days to remove an outside storage yard at 10th and Fremont,
that Mr. Franklin be granted the same extention of time to correct this situation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Robert Fisher, 130 South 11th stated that he hoped the Board would not allow
this situation to continue. His Honor explained to Mr. Fisher that the storage
yard would be removed from this location by October 1, 1953.

7-1-53