all Ordinances in conflict therewith." and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section
thereto to be known as Section 6b, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in con-
flict with said amendments."

Whereupon the same was ordered passed to the second reading on motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Hammond. The vote on said motion was unanimous.

The following Resolution was adopted on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by
Commissioner Elwell:

RESOLVED THAT license and fines collected during the month of October 1925

be distributed as follows:

General Fund	450.50

Salary Fund	300.

Police & Fire	1800.

Street Fund	550.

The vote on said resolution was unanimous.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
on motion duly made and unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting
to be held on the third day of December, A.D. 1925.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. December 3rd, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of December, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 115 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section three (3) of Ordinance No. 103 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas without
first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, pro-
viding a penalty therefor and repealing all Ordinances inconflict therewith,' and to amend said
Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto to be known as Section 6b, and to repeal all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances inconflict with the said amendments, whereupon, on motion of
Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, said proposed Ordinance was duly passed and
adopted on the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Elwell, Mundy and Hammond and His Honor the
Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.