on said motion Commissioners Elwell and Smith and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Al James and Robt. Lilly for a gaming
license (2 games ) at the Criterion on Fremont Street, the same not having been approved by
the Police and Fire Commissioner. After considerable discussion of the matter, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the application be
granted and a gaming license issued as prayed for. Voting on said motion Commissioners Elwell,
Smith and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the City Attorney read for the first time proposed ordinances proposed by
Mayor Hesse and Commissioner Hammond, and it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Smith
seconded by Commissioner Elwell that any action on said proposed ordinances be laid over until
the next regular meeting to be held on the 3rd day of September, 1925.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board
adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 3rd day of September, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER. 3, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of, Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 3rd day of September A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present His

Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and 0. J. Smith, together with the City

Attorney F. A. Stevens and the City Clerk, Commissioners W. H. Elwell and C. J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved as corrected.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

At this time the Clerk presented the communication from the Parkview Mutual Water

Co. requesting the assurance of the Board that they would be granted a permit to lay pipes through
the streets and alleys of the Parkview addition when the same should be applied for.

After discussion of, the unadequate water service in Buck's addition, which was

brought to the attention of the Board by Commissioner Smith, the Clerk was directed to notify Mr.

S. W. Craner to communicate with the Mayor and Commissioners relative to securing better service.

The Clerk then presented the application of J. L. Perrin for a gaming license
(two Games) at the Big Four on First Street, the same having been theretofore approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner, whereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Smith, that said license for two games at the Big Four be granted to J. L. Perrin.

A communication from the First State Bank offering the City an interest rate of
6% on the proposed Emergency loan of $1500.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, the Clerk was directed to notify the Treasurer
to distribute licenses and Fines as follows: 

Licenses to the Salary Fund

Fines to the General Fund.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 112 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An
Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menageries and carnivals in the City
of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances and parts
of Ordinances in conflict herewith," was read for the second time and on motion of Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the amount of license fee was changed to $50.00 per day,
and the same having been read as amended was passed and adopted upon the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.		