3

untill 6'clock P.M. of the llth, day next proceeding the day upon which the election provided for
by this ordinance.

#7, And E.L. Fenner and Geo. Swadner and Jack Tuck, are hereby chosen and designated and
appointed by the said City Commissioners to act as inspectors at such election so called as
aforesaid, and they shall and are hereby authorized as aforesaid, and they shall and are hereby
authorized to elect and appoint two competent and qualified persons to act as Clerks at such election.



Read the first time Sept. 6th, at 9:30 P.M. 1911.

Read the second time Sept. 6th, at 9:40 P.M. 1911. The necessity appearing it was unanimously
 passed and voted that this ordinance shall be an emergency ordinance.

Passed and adopted by the following vote on the question "Shall the foregoing become a

by law and ordinance of the City of Las Vegas."? Commissioners Coughlin voting aye ,

Commissioner Mc Govern voting aye, Commissioners Stewart voting aye. Commissioner voting aye.

Von Tobel, His honor the Mayor voting aye. And by virtue of the aforesaid ordinance and by law

is passed and carried.

The question of issuing a proclamation for said election coming on before the Board the
following was then read before the Board towit:-

"Notice of Election"

For sewerage Bonds for he city of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Whereas: at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at which

the Mayor and all of said Commissioners were present, and a report of Commissioners Stewart and

Coughlin of said Board who have been appointed by said Board to report the estimated cost of a

sewerage system for said City having been read and adopted and in which the cost of said sewerage

was estimated at $40,000,00 it was deemed necessary by said Board to incure indebtedness of

$40,000,00 for and on the part of said City of Las Vegas, by issuing negotiable coupon bonds of

said City for the purpose of applying the proceeds from the sale thereof to the construction of

adequate sewerage system therein, and whereas and ordinance to that effect was regular introduced

read, passed, and approved by the unanimous vote of said Board said ordinance being as above set forth,

And Whereas, the said Board of Commissioners by a motion duly made, seconded, carried, unanimously

and duly entered on the minutes of said meeting ordered that under and by virtue of the authority

invested in them by chapter 132 of the laws of the State of Nevada passed at the 25th, session

of the legislature thereof, and atiMed" An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark

County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishment of a City

Government therefor and other matters relating thereto," and approved March 16th, 1911, the

question of contracting a bonded indebtedness of Forty Thousand dollars for the purpose of constructing

a system of sewerage in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be submitted to the legally qualified electors of said City

 at a special election to be held in said City as provided by said act. That said Bonds bear interest at 6per cent ,

 payable semi-annually and that they be issued in denominations and payable as set forth in the above ordinance.

 Now therfore , in pursuance of he Act above referred to,	notice is hereby given that	a special election of legal

qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held on Tuesday , the 10th, day

of October 1911, at the fire house of said City, situated on second Street in said City for the

purpose of submitting to the legally qualified electors of said City, the question of contracting

such bonded indebtedness as has been deemed necessary by the said Board of Commissioners

as above set forth. That the names of the Inspectors of elections set forth above, and

they are to choose two clerks of said election; that the polls will be open at the polling


place aforesaid during the hours from 8:00 o'clock A.M. to 6:00 o'clock P.M. of said day.