payable in monthly installments of $80.00 each to the First State Bank with interest at 6 %
per annum, payable monthly, on said balance of the purchase price. Vote on the foregoing
motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.

After discussion of a proposed zoning ordinance, it was ordered upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, that this meeting adjourn until Saturday, December third, 1927,
at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. December 5, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of December, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy
Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in the discussion of zoning problems.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting adjourn 

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 5, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the fifth day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. C.

German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

	Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register filed in the office
of the Clerk.

Reports of City officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Mr. Oakley a representative of the Standard Oil Company addressed the Board on the
question of the various types of pavement.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the fund from
sidewalk assessment #10, amounting to $797.42, be transferred to the General fund; and that
the sidewalk account be closed.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the moneys collected
by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge for licenses and fines for the month of December, 1927,
totalling $1,098.50 be apportioned as follows: to Police and Fire Fund the sum of $784.66 and
to the General Fund the sum of $131.84.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Friday, January 6th, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.