SICK LEAVE EXTENSION             City Manager Kennedy presented a memorandum from Chief of Police, R. K. Sheffer, requesting
Officer William B.	a 30-day extension of sick leave for Officer William B. Foster, who on December 17, 1958,

Foster	had an operation resulting in the removal of two-thirds of his stomach. Officer Foster's sick

leave, overtime and vacation time expired January 3, 1959. Chief Sheffer stated to the Board
Approved	that Officer Foster has been on the City Police Force over three years and that he expects to

be able to return to work by February 1, 1959.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a 30-day extension of sick leave for Officer William B. Foster
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for the Mayor and City Clerk to sign and the

OVERTIME PAYROLL	Director of Finance and Treasurer to issue the necessary warrants for payment of approximately

$1,681.95 for extra duty payroll. This request is to cover payment for extra duty performed
Approved	by members cf the Police Department during the holidays. Mr. Kennedy explained that they have

too much Compensatory Time buil^r up now and that is why this authorization is requested.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization for the Mayor and City Clerk to sign and the
Director of Finance and Treasurer to issue the necessary warrants for payment of not to
exceed $1,681.95 for extra duty payroll for extra duty performed by members of the Police
Department during the Holidays, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS SPORTS CAR             City Manager Kennedy presented a petition of the Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Sports
CLUB PETITION	Car Club to lease a parcel of land adjacent to North 2nd Street between West Bonanza and the

American Legion and to move an 8' x 20' building, now located in the County, on to the land
Approved	they request to lease.

Mr. Kennedy explained that this site would be used for the club's meetings twice a month and
mostly it is to be used for storage. They say they will clean up the area if the City would
see fit to lease this land to them. The suggested terms are a one-year basis at $1.00 per year
with option to renew it and eventually they wish to build a new building on it. The building
they request to move to this location was originally build inside the City and met with the
code at that time. There is no plumbing or water in this building.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of the Las Vegas Sports Car Club to lease a parcel
of land adjacent to North 2nd Street between West Bonanza and the American Legion on a one-
year basis at $1.00 per year with option to renew it, and to move their 8' x 20' building onto
the property, be approved, subject to the condition that there would be no expense to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NUISANCE ABATEMENT	City Manager Kennedy reported to the Board concerning the general area at East Charleston

Junk Yard at Pecos	and Pecos. This matter came up at the last meeting of the Board of City Commissioners at

& East Charleston	the same time as C. L. Hennon's request for a variance, V-18-58. The junk yard located in

this area was in existence when it was in the County and has no legality. Mr. Kennedy advised
the Board that action would be instituted to have it removed.

INVESTIGATION FUND	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for the Mayor and City Clerk to sign and the

DISBURSEMENT	Director of Finance and Treasurer to issue the necessary warrant for payment of $605.22 to

the Chief of Police for payment for private investigation fees that are now due.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved that authorization be granted for the Mayor and City Clerk to
sign and the Director of Finance and Treasurer to issue the necessary warrant for payment
of $609.22 to the Chief of Police for payment of private investigation fees that are now
due.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BONANZA UNDERPASS	City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for the	Mayor to	sign a	letter to Mr. Max A.

RIGHT-OF-WAY	Houston, 805 Beacon Bldg.,	Wichita, Kansas, owner of	the Home	Lumber	Company,	offering

Purchase of Land	$12,000.00 for payment of fifteen feet of land adjacent to Bonanza Road between Main	Street

Home Lumber Co.	and the underpass for the right-of-way for the widening of the underpass.

Authorized Mayor to	Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign a letter to Mr. Max	A.

sign letter	Houston, 805 Beacon Bldg., Wichita, Kansas, owner of the Home Lumber Company, offering

$12,000.00 for payment of fifteen feet of land adjacent to Bonanza Road between Main Street
and the underpass for the right-of-way for the widening of the underpass.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP	The Commission again considered the application for the purchase of 33 1/3% interest in the

Addition of Partner	Derby Turf & Sports Club, 113 South 1st, by Frank Cobert. At the regular meeting of the Board

Derby Turf & Sports	of City Commissioners held July 2, 1958, this application was denied based on unfavorable police

Club - Frank Cobert	report. At the Commission meeting held November 19, 1958, it was referred to the City Manager

for study and recommendation. At the Commission meeting of December 17, 1958, this application
Approved	was held in abeyance inasmuch as there were still some replies that had not been received in

regard to the investigation of the applicant. The Police Department now reports the investigation
is favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Frank Cobert for the purchase of 33 1/3%
interest in the Derby Turf and Sports Club, 113 South 1st Street, be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the License.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CITY FIRE GRADING	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that on December 29, 1958, grading notice was received

placing the City of Las Vegas in a Class 4 Classification by the National Board of Fire
Underwriters. He immediately wired for the Summary Grading Sheets which were received on
January 2, 1959, and at this time is having the points broken down and checked against the
matters that they called deficiencies that we are penalized on.

1-7-59