There followed a detailed discussion of the application of Lewis J.
and Katie Abrahams for a variance to construct additional motel units
at 1919 Sunrise Street, between 18th and 19th Streets. Planning
Director Bills reviewed for the Commission that some time ago these
applicants requested permission to have the property rezoned and
property owners protested on the basis of the increased amount of
traffic it would generate. Mr. Bills asked if the members of the
Board of City Commissioners would make a physical inspection of the
area so that when the matter was before them again they might be in
a better position to make proper disposition of the matter.

Mayor Gragson: "This meeting has been called at the request of the
Urban Renewal Advisory Committee on the subject of their Progress
Report and whoever is to handle this item may proceed."

Bob Bailey: "I am Chairman. I think most of you gentlemen know
everyone on the Committee, with the possible exception of our
newest member, Miss Marjorie Elliott, who is a Real Estate Broker in
West Las Vegas. With your permission, I will read a copy of a
Report, of which I believe you have all received a copy, and which
sets forth in whole what our Program has been. We feel it is inport-
ant that we submit this to you for your approval as it applies to
the Committee and its activities to date."

Mr. Bailey went on to say that the Committee was appointed by the
Mayor and Board of City Commissioners in 1957- That they had held
something like 43 meetings, which included people from the State
Highway Department, the Federal Housing Administration and local
and county School Districts, concerning problems they thought would
pertain to the Urban Renewal Area as it is outlined in the
Neighborhood Plan. That they had also held a meeting with property
owners some six or eight months ago and only last week attended a
series of meetings with specific property owners.

The following Progress Report was then read aloud by Mr. Bailey:

REPORT OF THE URBAN RENEWAL AREA ADVISORY COMMITTEE, TO

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

NEVADA.

The Committee, hereafter referred to as URAAC, is a citizens
committee, appointed by the City Commissioners.

The aims and purposes of URAAC are primarily concerned with
liaison between the people and their City Government, and with
dissemination of information to the public.

The liaison function of URAAC is aimed at better citizen
confidence in Government, on one hand, and at stimulation of
keener Government interest in the welfare of the people on the other
hand. The first phase of this liaison function will require the
interest and the assistance of the press, and will be driven home
through the media of public meetings. This will amount to a
program of public education. The people must understand what is to
be done, otherwise there will be a tendency for mass resistance to the
program, and poor public opinion of City Government.

The second phase of the liaison function of URAAC, we hope to
accomplish through regularly scheduled sessions with the Board of
City Commissioners. We hope to have these meetings once every two
months at the present, and more frequently as the Madison School
Project draws closer to execution. These meetings are most
important for a unified understanding, and for smoother operation
of the public relations phase of Urban Renewal.

The term Urban Renewal has been in use for the past ten years.

It was a term coined by the Federal Housing people because they
needed some title to this new concept of City Management. We
realize now that the title does not adequately cover the overall
program of removal and prevention of blight. Perhaps, Urban.
Stability, would be a better description, for it would point out
the permanence of such a program. Urban Renewal must not be looked
upon as just a single project, but instead it must be looked at as
a new and permanent part of City Management, otherwise there would
be a constant repetition of decay and restoration.

Urban Renewal must be dealt with as a community project, and
not as an area, nor as a neighborhood project. It is necessary to
arouse the interest of the entire populace in order to carry out a
Renewal project in any given area of the City. It is the financial
responsibility of all of the people of the City, and not of just the
people of a given area. Urban Renewal is a costly affair, and its
need must be sold to all of the people. The selling job can be
facilitated by an Advisory Committee of broader representation of
the community, than the present committee which is composed of only
residents of the area in which the first Urban Renewal project is
to be undertaken. The need for City wide interest and understanding
of Urban Renewal cannot be overemphasized. It will not be an easy
job to create this interest and understanding. We must solicit the
aid of as many groups and organizations as possible. Representatives
of each of these groups must serve on the Advisory Committee. The

12-8-59

REZONING

(Z-5-59)

Lewis and Katie
Abrahams

Referred to City
Commissioners

JOINT MEETING OF URBAN
RENEWAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE,
PLANNING COMMISSION AND
CITY COMMISSION FOR THE
PURPOSE OF HEARING PROGRESS
REPORT OF ACTIVITIES OF URAAC