On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that one slot machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett and one to A.H. Stevenson Jr.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the resignations of Mrs. W.B. Mundy, as Secretary of the Cemetery Board and
Mrs. Theresa McGovern member of said Board be accepted and that the Clerk write them letters
of appreciation for the years service they had rendered the City on this Board.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that Viola Burns, and C.D. Baker be appointed to fill the vacancies occurring on
the Cemetery Board.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

These appointments were in made in accordance with Ordinance No. 56, creating a
Cemetery Board

No motion of Commissioner Down sec nded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Clerk be directed to write the New Palace Theater and inform them that the
revocable permit issued them for the erection of a sign over South Second Street in front
of the theater would be revoked unless same was used in the next thirty days. Said permit
was granted November 12th, 1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 27th day of May, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL MEETING

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 25th, 1936

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO- Viola Burns, City Clerk
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, Monday May 25, 1936 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. of said day to consider
and act upon the following matter:

To consider the proposition of the Mayor L.L. Arnett, and the City Attorney Ryland Taylor
testifying before the Interstate Commission on the application of the Transcontinental West-
ern Air Incorporated for permission to establish an air line from Albuquerque to San Francisco
via of Las Vegas, Nevada and other matters relating thereto.

Dated this 25th day of May, 1936.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIALMEETING

To- Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble
and M.E.Ward, Commissioners and L.L. Arnett
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the said
City will be held at the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners of said City in the City
Clerk's office at the hour of two o'clock P.M. on Monday the 25th day of May, 1936 to consider
and act upon the following business:

To consider the proposition of the Mayor, L.L. Arnett, and the City Attorney Ryland Taylor
testifying before the Interstate Commission on the application of the Transcontinental West-
ern Air Corporation for permission to establish an air line from Albuquerque to San Francisco
via of Las Vegas, Nevada, and other matters relating thereto.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

Acceptance of Service

 WE, the undersigned Mayor and commissioners of the City of Las V gas do hereby admit
due service of the foregoing notice and represent that David Farnsworth is present in the