results:

Commissioners:

Rubidoux, voting yes.

Smith, voting yes.

Tinch, voting yes.

Clark, voting yes.

The Mayor, voting yes.

Said resolution was thereupon declared adopted.

There was then considered by the Board a plat entitled:
"RESUBDIVISION OF BLOCK 20 LADD'S ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA", and after due consideration the following resolution
was adopted:

RESOLVED:	That the plat entitled, "RESUBDIVISION OF BLOCK 20

LADD'S ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA", which has
been presented to the Board, be and the same is hereby approved,
and the Mayor is hereby authorized and directed to execute the said
approval, the same to be attested by the Clerk of this Board,
under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

A vote was then taken upon the foregoing resolution with
the following results:

Commissioners:

Rubidoux, voting yes.

Smith, voting yes.

Tinch, voting yes.

Clark, voting yes.

His Honor the Mayor, voting yes.

Said resolution was thereupon declared adopted.

HUNTRIDGE SUBDIVISION	A proposed plat for Huntridge Subdivision #4 was presented to the

3	Board for approval. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the deed 

presented by Mr. Oakie covering park area in the Huntridge Subdivision
tracts be accepted, subject to the signature of Mr. Griffin, said
park to be maintained by the city. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Clark moved that the plat of Huntridge Subdivision
#4 be accepted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch, and carried by the following vote, Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



BRYAN L. BUNKER	Bryan L. Bunker appeared before the Board at this time and made a

Memorial Hall	report on the activities of the recreational department. 

Commissioner Clark moved that the recreational department be allowed 

the use of the Memorial Hall when not in use by other organizations.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

VEGA VERDI #2	 Commissioner Clark moved that the plat of Vega Verdi #2 be approved

Platt	 subject to the approval of the Planning Commission and the City

Engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch, and His
Honor voting aye. Commissioner Smith voted no.

GASOLINE STORAGE	Commissioner Clark moved that an ordinance be drawn prohibiting

in homes	the storage of more than ten gallons of gasoline at homes. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch. Noes, none. Passed:	

Commissioner Smith and His Honor Howell C. Garrison.

FIRE PLUGS	Commissioner Clark made a motion that immediate installation of

fire plugs be made where needed whenever plugs are available.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WES NEELEY CLAIM	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the claim of Mr. Wes

Installing fire hydrants. Neeley, dated August 4, 1942 in the sum of $22.50, for installing 

  fire hydrants in the Mayfair Tract, be allowed. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

FIREMEN BADGES	 Commissioner Clark moved that badges be purchased for the paid

firemen, The fire chief to be allowed to select the badges
needed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RADIO FOR FIRE CHIEF'S	Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for a two-way radio

for the fire chief's car. That all Federal Regulations be fulfilled
. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch,

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.