of its citizens has been improved by his accomplishments; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deem it desirable
and advisable to commemorate such service in a manner which will remind the citizens
of Las Vegas of the many improvements of the said C. D. Baker,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting held on the 15th day of July, 1959, that that certain
public park heretofore known and designated as JOHN C. FREMONT PARK shall be from
and after said date, known and designated by the name of "BAKER PARK" and that all
of the said City shall hereafter so designate said Park.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution be entered in the official records
of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESCLVED that a certified copy of this resolution be transmitted
to the Honorable C. D. Baker.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15 th day of July, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag
Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting ^ye;
noes, none.

CIVIL DEFENSE WARNING City Manager Kennedy advised the Board he had a letter from the State of Nevada Civil
SYSTEM AND CONTROL CENTER Defense Agency, confirming the fact the Office of Civil and Defense Mobilization and

the State had approved application for an attack warning system and labor and
Approved	materials for completion of the control center for the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Kennedy continued that the cost of this project was estimated at $12,000.00 or
$lit.,000.00, and the OCDM would pay one-half. This would cover the complete warn-
ing system and the completion of the second floor of the Fire Alaim Building where
the control center would be located.

Mayor Gragson asked if this would lower the insurance rate within the City. Mr.
Kenney stated this would connect the City of Las Vegas with direct outside contact
to the rest of the world by short wave radio in the event of a disaster and integrate
everything into one central system.

Commissioner Sharp moved City Manager be authorized to proceed with these plans and
obtain informal bids for the completion of this project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that an agreement had been proposed

IMPROVEMENT	between the County and the City in regard to the improvement of San Francisco Avenue

from Maryland Parkway to the Paradise Valley Road, whereby the expense would be
Approved Subject to	shared. Mr. Kennedy stated if the Commission would approve this he and Mr. Sauer

Agreement with County would meet with the County Commissioners to see if they would enter into this

agreement.

Commissioner Fountain moved the improvement of San Francisco Avenue from Maryland
Parkway to the Paradise Valley Road be approved providing the County signs an
agreement to share the expense of these improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following *vote:	Commis-

sioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

WORK ORDER	City Manager Kennedy presented a work order in the amount of $1,579*28 to put in

St. Louis Avenue	a seal and chip coat by our own forces on a portion of St. Louis Avenue from 10th

Improvement	Street to 6th Street. He advised that one-half of this portion had been paved by

the subdivider.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved the work order in the amount of $1,579.28 to put in a
seal and chip coat by our own forces on St. Louis Avenue from 10th Street to 6th
Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

DETECTIVE AGENCY LICENSE City Manager Kennedy advised the Board a license application had been received
William J. Bums, Inter- from the William J. Bums International Detective Agency who had already been
national Detective	licensed by the State. Mr. Kennedy stated further that there is a limit for this

Agency, Inc.	type of license which allowed one to each 5*,000 population, and there are none

available at this time.

Held in Abeyance

Mr. Kennedy continued that he was of the opinion the City had a sufficient number

7-15-59