OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 9th, 1937.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Rooms in the City Clerk's office, in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, Saturday the 9th day of January, 1937 at the hour
of eleven o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To consider and act upon the business of Street improvements in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Dated this 9th day of January, 1937.

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor, of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor, and to Jas. H. Down,

H. Krause, H.P. Marble, and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, will be held at the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners of said City on Sat-
urday the 9th day of January, 1937, at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M. on said day to con-
sider and act upon the following matter:

1.	to Consider and act upon the business of street improvements in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
you will govern yourselves accordingly.

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice.

L.L. ARNETT	H.P. MARBLE	JAS. H. DOWN

MAYOR	COMMISSIONER	COMMISSIONER

HERBERT KRAUSE	H.L. PERRY

COMMISSIONER

Min tes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 9th day of January 1937 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry,

City Attorney and Clerk.

This meeting being called for the purpose of transacting business in connection with the Las
Vegas Improvement Project No. 3 the Board at once entered upon the business at hand.

motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the maps and plans for Las Vegas Improvement District No. 3. be approved and filed with the
City Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble, and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the Mayor L.L. Arnett forward a telegram in the following form to W.L. Felt, Acting State
Director W.P.A. Reno, Nevada.

"Retel even date assessment payment period ends March tenth bond issue can be authorized im-
mediately thereafter after bonds issued thirty days notice of sale required committment for
purchase of bonds cannot be definitely made until after advertisement many persons soliciting
opportunity to buy bonds city can legally and will transfer its proportion of funds which
amounts to approximately twelve thousand dollars from general fund to prosecute work until
assessment bond funds available final plans and specifications will be ready to submit as soon
as it is determined whether we proceed force account or contract.

L.L. Arnett Mayor.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The Clerk was Directed to forward the following telegram to Wright L. Felt, Reno, WPA
Director for the State;

With reference to Las Vegas City Street project city is prepared and intends to start work

on eleventh agreeably with terms of governments offer of October twenty third and citys acceptance
of November fourth money available to start project and we request your definite permission
to start the project on January eleventh in all events work will start January eleventh
and will continue in conformance with agreement with government.

By Order of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Viola Burns, City Clerk