The City Manager reported that the bids for the construction of weil on the site of the
proposed new sewage disposal plant, known as Bid No. 56.17 had been checked, and he would
like to recommend that the low bid of Allen and Failing in the total amount of $9,879.00
be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted, and Bid No.

56.18 be awarded to Allen and Failing; further that no notice to proceed be given until the
permit for the well has been received from the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker, along with Commissioner Sharp, members of the committee f or investi-
gation and recommendation on the proposed assessment district for the installation of street
improvements and access streets along East Charleston Boulevard from the intersection of
l5th Street to the intersection of Fremont and Charleston, stated that he would like to
give a preliminary report at this time. Mr. Bunker reported that it was the recommendation
of the committee that this work be done under assessment instead of allowing the indivi-
duals who had applied for use permits in the area to have the work down themselves. Mr.
Bunker stated that the latter method would result in a piece-meal job that would be of
little value.

He further reminded the Commission that the Assessment District method of installing these
improvements had been approved by the Commission on March 7th of this year and at that time
the Engineering Department had been requested to proceed with the plans for said project.

He indicated that these plans were ready and the City Attorney could now start the proceed-
ings for commencement of the District. He reported further that a great portion of these
assessments would probably be paid in cash.

It was the consensus of the Commission that curbing on East Charleston from 15th to the
intersection with Fremont be installed whether or not a complete access street program can
be acquired. It was also requested that mercury-vapor lighting behind the curbs be installed

The Commission authorized the City Attorney to prepare the necessary steps for this Assess-
ment District to be presented at the next meeting of the Commission on June 6, 1956.

A. H. Kennedy requested approval to spend approximately $100,000 on the following items:

1.	$ 1,500	Recreation

2.	13,000	City Hall remodeling

3.	4,910	Finance Department

4.	225	Planning Department

5.	5,000	Police Department

6.	5,000	Fire Department

7.	13,500	Public Works

8.	32,000	On Government Suit on Sewer Plant. Mr. Kennedy recommended this

money be placed in trust pending the furnishing of clear title
by the Federal Government.

9.	10,000	Golf Course Water System

10.	23,000	For the improvement of	Decatur Blvd, from Charleston to Vegas

Drive Intersection.

11.	12,000	Improvement of Charleston Boulevard from Compbell Drive to Hyde

Park to install other lane of traffic.

The Commission authorized the City Manager to make these expenditures.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

 City Clerk	

BID NO. 56.17
Sewer Plant Well
Awarded

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

E. Charleston Blvd.
Committee Report

PROPOSED EXPENDITURES