Mr. Earl then stated when the Housing Authority acquired title to
the other parcel on 28th Street that parcel should he rezoned to
R-2, and Commissioner Whipple informed Mr. Earl that would have to
he done by ordinance. Mr. Earl then remarked he thought a resolution
should he adopted now that rezoning would he approved when the
Housing Authority acquired title to the 28th Street property.

Commissioner Elwell inquired if there were any protestants to the
rezoning of this 28th Street property. There was no reply.

Commissioner Sharp requested that the minutes reflect his firm's
position with respect to this matter (Zick & Sharp being architects
for the Housing Authority).

The foregoing motion was carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Earl inquired if City Attorney Cory understood the Housing
Authority would, upon acquiring title to the 28th Street property,
prepare an ordinance to have the same rezoned.

City Attorney Cory replied that formal action on this would he
taken at the next meeting, adding that it might involve modifica-
tion of the option agreement, because, in the event the option
agreement was not exercised, the Housing Authority would still own
the segregated portion.

Mr. Earl said when the Housing Authority acquired title to the 28th
Street property they would like another rezoning ordinance.

Mr. Turner stated he would like to go on record, on behalf of the
Housing Authority, in thanking the Board of Commissioners, the
Bonanza home owners, the NAACP and all others who helped to get
this matter settled.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, thanked Mr. Turner and stated he was sure
the Commission felt the same way.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following Charitable Solicitations
Permits, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, he approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:

American War Mothers - Rummage sale

Beta Sigma Phi - City Council - Luncheon, Fashion show and raffle
Girl Scouts, Frontier Council - Cookie and peanut sale
Jewish War Veterans - Benefit show

Nevada Society for Aurally Handicapped - Bingo party and light dinner
Whirlaway Square Dance Club - Square dance convention
Friends of Youth - Ticket sale for Golden Gloves Tournament
Civil Air Patrol - Advisory Committee - Religious film

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Badger Enterprises for
a Slot Operator's license at 417 Carson, in the name of Edward C.
Hoppe, he approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following application for a new
gaming license he approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license:

Jerry's 1311 E. Charleston Jerry Fox, Jerrold Jory 5 Slots

Morris Fox

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following application for a new gaming
license he approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license:

Sports Liquor Store 419 N. Main Wm. G. Gallagher 4 Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-60

CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS
PERMITS

Approved

SLOT OPERATOR
New

Approved

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Owner
Approved

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Owner
Approved