WHEREAS, the said Resolution must be amended to direct that the said facilities
be supplied with aluminum standards; and

WHEREAS, the said installation of said street lighting facilities should be made
in an area somewhat different than that area described in the Resolution of October 3, 1951;
and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has determined that
the public will be better served by the installation of street lighting facilities on South
Fifth Street from the South City Limits to a point approximately 730 feet North of the in-
tersection of South 5th Street and South Main Street,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of February, 1932, that the City
Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats, dia-
grams, and estimates of cost for the installation of complete street lighting facilities
with aluminum standards and single overhead wire on series lighting system in, over, and
along South Fifth Street from the South City Limits to a point approximately 730 feet
North of the intersection of South 3th Street and South Main Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following voter Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SAN FRANCISCO STREET	Reports from three appraisers on the valuation of the portion of San Francisco

Condemnation	Street owned by John Miller were presented to the Board for their consideration.

Commissioner Peccole moved these reports be referred to the City Attorney to take
the necessary legal proceedings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALE OF CITY PROPERTY	The opinion from the City Attorney on the sale of City property was read to the

	Board and ordered filed.

CIVIL SERVICE -	The recommendation of the Civil Service Board of Trustees regarding the changing

Amendment to Ordinance	of the physical qualifications of Policemen and Firemen was presented to the Board.

Requested

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney to prepare
an ordinance, amending this section of the Civil Service Rules and Regulations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION -	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Chester S. Biele, Dairy Bar, 1525

Dairy Bar	Fremont for a Restaurant Beverage license for the first quarter of 1932 be held

in abeyance until such time as the recommendation of the Tavern Owners Associa-
tion on the limitation of this type of license can undergo study by the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for gaming license for the

New Owners	first quarter of 1932 be approved:

MODERN MARKET	121 North 3th 	       J. A. Gordon & L.D. Stein 	                    3 slots

SILVER SPURS CORRAL	222 Fremont	H. B. Chapman	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS 	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail
	sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

MODERN MARKET	121 North 3th	J. A. Gordon & L. D. Stein

LAS VEGAS REVIEW JOURNAL 737 North Main	By: Carl Woodbury

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for taxi licenses for the

first quarter of 1932 be approved:

HERTZ DRIV-UR SELF	111 Ogden	W. Gwilliams	3	renewal	U-Drives

CHECKER CAB CO.	223 South 3th	D. C. Haight	1	renewal	taxi

YELLOW CAB CO. 	111	South	Main	By: Pat Carver	3	renewal	taxis

6 additional taxis

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AUCTION PERMIT	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of William Kruse to conduct an auction

William Kruse	March 8, 1932 at 1600 Fremont on garage equipment and automobile accessories and

office equipment, be approved providing Mr. Kruse complies with the ordinances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peocole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE — Add Name 	Commissioner Peccole moved that pursuant to the request of the owners of the Frontier
Frontier Bar	Bar, 117 Fremont the name of T. V. Jones be added to the liquor license subject to

	favorable investigation by the Police Department.