JACKSON AVENUE



BOSTON STREET



ST. LOUIS AVENUE
2ND STREET 

OFF STREET PARKING
116-118 So. 3rd

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Mike Micci

V-34-54
Denied

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street pur-
poses on Jackson Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried un-
animously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 20th
day of May, 1954, executed by Excell J. Barren; Otis & Florence Harris to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street pur-
poses on Boston Street.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried un-
animously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 29th
day of April, 1954, executed by M.H. Manuel; Oscar J. Scherer & Annie M. Scherer;
and Charles C. Crespi to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street pur-
poses on St. Louis Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried un-
animously, the following resolution is adopted and order made;

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated the
29th day of April, 1954, executed by M. H. Manuel; Oscar J. & Annie M. Scherer;
and Charles C. Crespi to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street
purposes on 2nd Street.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried un-
animously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 2nd day of June, 1954 by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 28th
day of May, 1954, executed by the Las Vegas Grammar School District No. 12 to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

 Commissioner Bunker moved the proposed building at 116-118 South 3rd Street be approved
without the off-street parking provisions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Mike Micci for a variance to maintain a duplex in addition to a single
family residence on a lot 320 feet by 160 feet and to within 5 feet of the rear property
line where 25 feet is required at 729 South Rose Street in an R-1 zone, as recommended
by the Board of Adjustment was considered by the Board at this time.

Considerable discussion was held on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that Mr. Micci be forced to comply with the ordin-
ance and put the building in proper order for the type of zone it is in; further that
the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this application be accepted
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 2nd day of June, 1954, having considered the application of Mike
Micci for a variance to maintain a duplex at 729 South Rose Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment recommend-
ing denial of this application.

NOW. THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mike
Micci, V-34-54, as denied by the Board of Adjustment, be and the same is hereby denied.

6-2-54