George E. Wade, City Engineer, requested permission to hire local survey crews to assist
in Assessment District 100-23. This request was granted.

City Engineer also requested permission to rent equipment to grade out parkways that
are not included as a portion of Assessment District No. 100-23. This request was
granted.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this special meeting,
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.'

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried unanimously.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 6, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 6th day of October, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard Cannon

City Manager	George Rounthwaite

Asst. City Mgr.	R. W. Notti

City Engineer	George Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 9722 to 10175 in the net amount of
$54,908.42 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1 to 156 in the total
amount of $92,228.57 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the minutes of September 13, 15, 20, 22, and 29 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for a Public Hearing on the application of H. F.

Ahmanson to reclassify a portion of the SE¼SE¼SE¼ of Section 35, which is generally
located between Fremont and 25th Street from R-3 to C-2.

The Mayor asked if there were any objections to this proposed zoning. There were none
voiced.

A representative of the Carpenters Local stated that his organization was in favor of said
rezoning.

Discussion followed regarding the intersection in this area; and Mr. Franklin Bills
stated that some discussion had been held with the State Highway Department regarding
this intersection of Charleston Boulevard, Fremont, 25th and the Boulder Highway.

Mr. Bills also stated that he felt this intersection should be straightened out before
the property is rezoned.

Commissioner Bunker moved this Public Hearing be continued so that the Planning Commission
might discuss this intersection with the State Highway Commission as well as other
interested agencies.

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Public Hearing was continued on the Use Permit granted Rancho Drive
Realty to install a shopping center on Block 3, El Centro Addition Tract No. 2.

Mayor Baker asked if there was any additional information other than what had been
stated at previous meetings.

Mrs. Jean Devlin of 2008 Santa Clara spoke as a protestant.

Mr. Cleveland Schultz, Jr., presented a map of the immediate area on which he had
marked the protestants. Mr. Schutlz stated that owners in the immediate vicinity of the
proposed shopping center definitely were not in favor of same, in the total number of
150 persons. This map was left with the Board so that they might use same in checking
names on the petitions.

Mr. John Newman filed a letter from Herman Silverman, said letter stating that this
proposed shopping center would be opened by the end of the year.

10-6-54

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING -
H. F. Ahmanson
Rezoning
R-3 to C-2



PUBLIC HEARING -cont.
Rancho Drive Realty