Mr. William Morse, attorney representing the Palm Mortuary in their request to purchase
approximately three acres of land within the Woodlawn Cemetery for the purpose of con-
structing a mausoleum, appeared before the Commission at this time. Mr. Morse explained
that his clients were anxious to purchase this parcel of land and proposed to spend be-
tween $75,000 and $100,000 in the construction of this structure.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that he had checked the deed and law con-
cerning the right of the City to sell any of this land, and if it was their desire to
do so it could be accomplished so long as the mineral, oil and water rights were ex-
cepted from the sale.

The Department of Public Works reported that the request had been checked and that
approximately 17 acres had been used by the City since establishing Woodlawn Cemetery
in 1915.

It was determined that negotiations in this regard should continue and a report be made
by the City Manager at a later meeting.

Consideration was given to the request of Emanuel Freedman who sharpens knives and scissors
for reduction in the solicitor's license fee.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved and the Supervisor of License and Rev-
enue authorized to classify Mr. Freedman under the gross volume of business classification.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker,

City Manager Kennedy presented the agreement concerning the application to the Federal Gov-
ernment for a grant of $39,000 for additional, work on the new Sewage Disposal Plant, and
requested authorization to accept same and signature by the Mayor. Mr. Kennedy further
requested that this approval be granted subject to said agreement being checked and approved
by the City Attorney.

Commissioner Sharp moved the agreement with the Federal Government for a grant of $39,000
for additional work on the new Sewage Disposal Plant be approved, and the Mayor authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker passed his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Discussion was held with the Commission concerning the ordinance requiring registration of
casino employees and others, which further provides for annual renewal and re-registration
with the Police Department. City Manager Kennedy stated that it was the recommendation,
after conferring with the Chief of Police, that this ordinance be amended to permit renewal
possibly every three years in the event the registrant maintains a good record.

The Commission concurred in this recommendation and authorized the preparation of a proposed
ordinance amendment.

Discussion was held with the City Manager on the replacement program planned for vehicular
equipment of the City. Mr. Kennedy requested permission to secure bids on the following
pieces of equipment:

1.	Four (4) pickup trucks

2.	Four (4) business coupes

3.	Two (2) small dump trucks

4.	Two (2) six yard dump trucks

5.	Three (3) motorcycles

6.	Paddy wagon for Police Department

7.	One	(l)	Station	wagon

8.	One	(l)	Sedan

9*	One	(l)	Tanker Truck

The City Manager estimated	the	overall	cost	would be approximately $48,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to secure bids
for the aforementioned replacement equipment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Planning Director Bills gave a progress report on the Workable Program for Urban Renewal.

He explained that the certificate issued the City by the Housing and Home Finance Agency in
February of 1956 is due to expire in July of this year, and requested authorization to make
application for renewal in order that the program can be continued.

Commissioner Whipple moved this progress report on the Workable Program for Urban Renewal be
accepted, and the Mayor authorized to submit application for renewal of the certificate for
continuation of this project to the Administrator of Housing and Home Finance Agency.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, at the hour of 10:45 P.M.
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting recess until June 11th at the hour of 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

PROPOSED PURCHASE OF

PROPERTY IN CEMETERY

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
REDUCTION
Emanual Freedman

AGREEMENT—FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT
Grant of Funds for
New Sewage Disposal
Plant

AMENDMENT TO
REGISTRATION

ORDINANCE



EQUIPMENT REPLACE-
MENT PROGRAM

URBAN RENEWAL -
Progress Report
Renewal of
Certificate