The business of licensing the "Keno" games in the City for the first quarter 1935
was brought before the Board for consideration, and after a lengthy discussion on the matter
on motion of Commissioner Ge man seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that "Keno" licenses be granted the following, Gordon Holding Company 110 chairs, the Las
Vegas Club 150 chairs and the Boulder Club 100 chairs. Each house in addition to the regular
license stated in Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas be required to pay one dollar
and fifty cents per chair, and that all "Keno" parlors in the City operate under the same
policy having a set price per card per roll.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the B.P. O.Elks Club be granted a "club liquor" license in the sum of $50.00.
Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time Dr. W.R.Smith, a licensed veterinary appeared before the Board in regard
to the appointment of "Meat Inspector" of the City of Las Vegas.

It appearing to the Board that Dr. Smith was well qualified and recommended it was on
motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German moved and carried that Dr. Smith
be appointed "City Meat Inspector effective as of January 2nd, 1935. That the compensation
and term of office be as is fully sent forth in Ordinance No. 201.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The surety company of A.L. Drew, newly appointed Electrical Inspector for the City was
presented to the Board at this time for its approval. On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded
by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that the bond of A.L. Drew be approved
the same to bp signed by the Mayor as it had been ascertained that the company furnishing
said bond was qualified to transact business in the State of Nevada for the current year.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board discussed the business of having some secret investigations
on various matters in the City made by qualified persons. After some discussion on the
matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the sum of $100.00 be allowed to carry on such investigations.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett Marble German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Walter Hunsaker, representing the Overton Syndicate, Ltd. a Nevada corporation, and
Roy W. Martin, owners of lots 11 and 12 Block 13 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, City of
Las Vegas, presented to the Board an application for a permit to construct erect and main-
tain pillars or columns upon the sidewalk space abbuting on the above mentioned lots, said
pillars and columns to support a permanent protico over said sidewalk space.

After due consideration of the matter and upon recommendation of the City Planning
Commission it was on motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble, duly
Resolved as follows:

RESOLVED that the application of said Walter Hunsaker for the Overton Syndicate
Ltd; and Roy W. Martin for permit to construct a permanent portico over the sidewalk
of lots 11 and 12 Block 13 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the id City of Las Vegas
be and the same is hereby approved, and that the Mayor and City Clerk, under the seal of
said City, be and they are hereby authorized to execute a formal permit in the form present-
ed to the Board upon the special condition, as stated in such form of permit, that the
permit is granted condition that the same be accepted in writing by the Permittee, Overton
Syndicate Ltd. and Roy W. Martin, within fifteen days from the date of the enactment of
this Resolution, otherwise the said Permit shall be void and of no effect.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of
January 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble,
German and Down City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mr. Schur of the Gordon Holding Company appeared before the Board in regard to the
transferring of the license of the said Company from 104 North 1st St. to 17 Fremont St.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that location of said license be transferred.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.