USE PERMIT U-2-57	The Commission considered the revocation of Use Permit (U-2-57) to Virginia Ball

Virginia Ball	for the operation of a wedding chapel at 222 South 2nd Street in a C-1 zone which

was granted by the Board of City Commissioners on March 6, 1957, subject to the
Revoked	condition that an improvement agreement be signed and a bond posted for the 

installation of offsite improvements.

The improvement agreement was signed by Mrs. Ball and United Pacific Insurance Company
Bond No. 293179 was posted in the amount of $652.53; however, the improvements were
never installed and Mrs. Ball has moved from this location. Furthermore, she signed
the application for the use permit as owner of the property whereas she was not the
owner. Consequently, the City Attorney's Office concluded that the use permit should
be revoked because it was obtained on the basis of misrepresentation.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Use Permit (U-2-57) granted to Virginia Ball for
the operation, of a wedding chapel at 222 South 2nd Street be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

URBAN RENEWAL AREA           Planning Director Bills presented the resignation of Mrs. James McMillan who had
ADVISORY COMMITTEE             served on the Urban Renewal Area Advisory Committee since its creation and commended

her for faithful service in this capacity.

Mrs. McMillan

Resignation Accepted                Commissioner Sharp moved that the resignation of Mrs. James McMillan from the Urban

Renewal Area Advisory Committee be accepted and letter of appreciation be sent to her.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

URBAN RENEWAL	Planning Director Bills presented a request by the Coordinator of Urban Renewal for

Madison School Project	permission to negotiate with qualified planning and urban renewal consulting films

Approved to Negotiate                to make the necessary studies and prepare reports on general planning, land 
for Planning, etc.	acquisition and disposition, and family relocation, needed to complete the final planning

of the Madison School Urban Renewal Project. He added that the funds to be used are
part of the Federal Government Planning Advance Loan which had already been approved.

Mr. Bills stated that they had experienced extreme difficulty in getting a temporary
staff for these studies and it was his personal recommendation that this could be
done cheaper and faster and more efficiently by consultants who work with this sort
of thing every day.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if this would come back before the Board of
City Commissioners, and Mr. Bills said that it would.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Coordinator of Urban Renewal be permitted to
negotiate for these services and findings to be presented to the City Commission
for final approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

URBAN RENEWAL	Planning	Director Bills	presented a	request of the	Coordinator of Urban Renewal for

Madison School Project	permission to negotiate	with a qualified appraiser	to enter into a contract to prepare 
the	necessary land	acquisition	appraisals for	the Madison School Urban Renewal

Approved to Negotiate	Project. 	Funds to be used are part	of the Federal	Government Planning Advance Loan

for Land Acquisition                  which had already been approved.

Appraisals

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Coordinator of Urban Renewal be permitted to
negotiate with a qualified appraiser to enter into a contract to prepare the necessary
land acquisition appraisals for the Madison School Urban Renewal Project and findings 
to be presented to the City Commission for final approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ONE-HOUR PARKING	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission

Las Vegas Hospital                     that the request of L. W. Edwards, Administrator, Las Vegas Hospital and Clinic, for

a one-hour parking zone along the east side of 8th Street between Ogden and Stewart,
Approved	and on both sides of Ogden between 8th and 9th Streets be granted. After a survey

of the property owners involved, more than one-half indicated approval.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking 
Commission for a one-hour parking zone along the east side of 8th Street between Ogden and
Stewart, and on both sides of Ogden between 8th and 9th Streets be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

SPEED ZONE - HIGHLAND	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission

BETWEEN BONANZA	for the installation of a 33 M.P.H. speed control zone on Highland Drive between

AND CHARLESTON	Charleston and Bonanza. This recommendation was made as a result of speed checks

and traffic counts.

Approved

45 M.P.H.	Planning Director Bills stated that there were no cross streets and only two minor

intersecting streets and studies by the Police Department and Engineering Department
indicate that the present 25 M.P.H. speed limit was very unrealistic on this stretch
of road.

After some discussion Commissioner Sharp moved that a 45 M.P.H. speed control zone
be installed on Highland Drive between Charleston and Bonanza.

7-1-59