267

in form of a Petition, and that the City Clerk be instructed to

send notice of said date and time of hearing to the interested parties.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent; Commissioner Baskin.

U-DRIVE APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of C. F. Shaw for a U-Drive

C. F. Shaw	be approved and license issued when the proper insurance policy has been

filed in the office of the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	The following applications for renewal of gaming licenses, 3rd qtr. of

Renewals - 3rd Qtr.	1948 were presented to the Board for their consideration:

RENEWALS

Gayer Co. -

Lee Huges	Professional Phcy.	421	Fremont	1	slot

W. L. Holst,	Jr.	Mayfair Drug	1422	Fremont	6	slots.

L. D. Tunnel	Ace Hi Garage	707	S. 5th	2	slots

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing applications be
approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Ted Patton Music Company

ADDITIONAL - 3rd Qtr.	for one additional slot machine at Harris Wasden Music Hall, 219 North

3rd Street for the 3rd quarter of 1948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

GAMING APPLICATIONS The following applications for new gaming licenses for the 3rd quarter
NEW - 3rd Qtr.	1948 were presented to the Board for their consideration:

NEW

V. H. Dillehunt	Dairy Bar	1525 Fremont	1 slot

(New Location)

F. J. Woodward	Shell Service Station 1737 Fremont	1 slot

(New Operator)

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing applications be
approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

ELECTRICAL &	PLUMBING	Mayor Cragin read the opinion of the City Attorney dated July 16, 1948,

PERMIT ISSUANCE --	regarding the letter of Irvin A. Stephens to the Board of Commissioners

Opinion of City	(May 27, 1948) with the respect to the refusal of the electrical and

Attorney Re: 1. A.	plumbing inspectors to issue permits. The City Clerk was Ordered to

Stephens		send a copy of the aforesaid opinion to Mr. Stephens.

RESOLUTION -	Accepting	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark,

Deed - Sunny Avenue and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and Order
RESOLUTION NO. ll6	made:

	RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of July, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
1st day of March, 1948, executed by Earl A. Honrath, Frances Pauline Kelly, and John
Kelly, her husband, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner
Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until July 23, 1948 at 3:00 P.M. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:

Mayor

City Clerk