POLICE DEPARTMENT
Expense Account
George Thompson

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PROPOSED VACATION
Portion of Alley
Block 2, Pioneer
Heights Addition

USO - Westside
LOG CABIN BAR

TURF CLUB-License
Transfer

ACQUISITION CCC
BUILDINGS

VACATION * Clem
Malone

SALARY * Leo Callihan

SOUTHERN NEVADA
INDUSTRIES
Notice of 

Hearing.

field and had been given permission to use it. As there is
 some controversy as to the location of light poles, Mayor
Cragin suggested that Mr. Beatty try to work the program out
with the Hardball League, and assured him that the City
would assist them in any way possible.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Warrant No. 765-1 

covering expenses of George Thompson to a F.B.I. meeting in
Salt Lake City, be approved in the sum of $17.35, and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 752 to
762 inclusive in the net sum of $20,467.36 be approved and
the mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 763 to 766 inclusive in the sum of $23,551.86 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that a decision be made regarding
the proposed vacation of a portion of alley in Block 2,

Pioneer Heights Addition at the regular meeting of the Board
on May 22, 1946 and the Clerk notify all parties.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a committee appeared before the Board in
behalf of financial support of the USO on Westside.

Father Carmody acted as spokesman.

His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin stated that at the present time
no decision could be given, however the Board realized the
importance of keeping the USO operating in Westside and that
this Board would do everything in its power to assist them.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Sam
Taylor for A Retail Tavern Liquor license at the Log Cabin
Bar, 122 North 1st Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Bates and Corradetti
passed their votes.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Dave
Stearns for transfer of Race Horse Book from Rex Turf
Club, 128 E. Fremont to Turf Savoy, 116 Fremont Street
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be
directed to negotiate with the Civilian Conservation Corps
to acquire title to five CCC portable frame buildings
located on City owned lands per their letter of May 3,

1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Clem Malone be granted a
vacation for the period May 1 to May 15 with pay.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Leo Callihan be paid his
salary for the month of April less the Nevada Industrial
Insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

 Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be and she
hereby is directed to cause notice on behalf of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be served upon Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd. directing it to appear before the