Thereupon, a recess was ordered until Friday the first day of February, 1929, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 1, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of February, 1929, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT* Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

It appearing to the Board that the resignation of C. D. Breeze from the office of
Municipal Judge of this City had been accepted, and had taken effect at midnight January
31, 1929, said office of Municipal Judge was thereupon declared vacant.

The Clerk then read to the Board a letter from Roger Foley, Esq., Justice of the
Peace in and for Las Vegas Township , Clark County, Nevada, requesting that he be appointed
to the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon, upon motion of
Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, it was by the Board ordered that the
said Roger Foley, Esq., be, and he hereby is appointed to the office of Municipal Judge of the 
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada at a salary of 150.00 per month, contingent upon his filing 
a good and sufficient Bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00); said Bond to be approved
by the Mayor. Further ordered that upon subscribing to and filing with the constitutional
Oath of Office that the said Roger Foley immediately take office as said Municipal Judge.
Motion carried upon the following vote: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and Roy Neagle, and
his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; noes, none.

The Clerk then read a letter from Robert B. Griffith, together with a copy of a
letter enclosed by Mr. Griffith relative to vacating the airfield now being used by the
Western Air Express. After consideration these communications were ordered filed.

Thereafter a recess was declared until the second day of February, 1929, at the hour
of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 2nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of February, 1929, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A plat of Boulder Dam Home Site Addition, Tract No. 1 was presented to the Board for
approval, said tract being owned by the First State Bank, a corporation of Las Vegas,

Nevada, being situated in, the NE 1/4 of Section 35, Township 20, South, Range 61 E., M. D. B & M.
It appearing to the Board that said plat had been approved by the City Planning Commission
of the City of Las Vegas and that it was proper as to form, said plat was approved and the
Mayor authorized and directed to approve said plat, and the City Clerk was authorized and
directed to attest the same.

Thereupon, the plat of Boulder Dam Home Site Addition, Tract No. 2, was presented to
the Board for approval, said plat being owned by First State Bank, a corporation of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and being situated in the NE 1/4 of Section 35, Township 20, South, Range 61 East,

M. D. B. & M. It appearing to the Board that said plat bad been approved by the City
Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas and that said plat is in proper form, it was
ordered that said plat be approved and the Mayor was authorized and directed to approve
said plat and the City Clerk was authorized and directed to attest the same.