FIRE STATIONS	The City Manager presented Purchase Requisitions from the Fire Department for

Gas Pumps	the installation of three storage tanks and gas pumps at the two new fire stations 

on Charleston Boulevard and the Westside Fire Station. Mr. Kennedy stated
that bids had been secured for the installation of the tanks and pumps and the
lowest bid was that of Meecham Construction Company in the amount of $1,447.40.

He reported that it was cheaper for the City to purchase the equipment and have
a contractor install it. He stated that the lowest bid for this equipment was
received from Service Station Supply Inc. of Salt Lake City in the amount of
$1,663.47.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 1001 to Meecham 
Construction Company in the amount of $1,447.40 and Purchase Requisition No. 200
to Service Station Supply Inc. in the amount of $1,663.47 be approved and the
purchase orders authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

MOTORCYCLE PURCHASE         The City Manager reported that it had been verified that Harley Davidson Sales

& Service are the only dealer of American made motorcycles and that a purchase
order for the purchase of three motorcycles for the Police Department would be
presented at the next regular meeting of the Board.

BAIL BOND LICENSE	The Commission considered the application of N.D. "Pete" Witcher for a license as

a Bail Bondsman.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application of N.B. Witcher for a Bail Bond license
be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp voting aye; Not voting:	Mayor Pro Tem Whipple.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

YOUTH ADVISORY	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that there is a request from the Youth Advisory

COUNCIL	Council that a member of this group be made a voting member of the Solicitations

Review Board. He stated that they also requested that applications regarding
youth fund-raising first be referred to the Youth Advisory Council for recommendation, 
and thirty days after such event a report be given to their group indicating
the amount raised and the intended purpose for which it will be used.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Attorney be instructed to amend the Solicitations 
Ordinance so that a member of the Youth Advisory Board will also be a member
of the Solicitations Review Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker advised the Board that the members of the Youth Advisory Council 
would like to have their terms of office specified, and the City Manager was
requested to look into this matter.

HAVEN GILLESPIE	Reverend Wells Miller appeared before the Commission at this time and advised

them that Haven Gillespie, a well-known song writer, had made his home in Las
Vegas, and is celebrating his 70th birthday tomorrow.

The Commission requested the City Manager to send a letter to Mr. Gillespie wishing 
him a happy birthday.

GARBAGE CONTRACTOR	Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be instructed to secure prices for a

Audit of Accounts	complete certified audit of the accounts of the Southern Nevada Disposal Co. by

a Certified Public Accountant, other than the accountants for the City, and submit 
the figures and a report as to when this audit can be started and completed
at the next regular meeting of the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners: Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
ayr; noes, None. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 9:35 P.M. Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

2-5-58