USE PERMIT APPLICATION The application of Charleston Park Mutual Homes, Inc. to set up a temporary concrete
Charleston Park Mutual Homes hatching plant on Lot 145, Charleston Park Tract No. 2 for a period of approximately
U-2-54	six months, as recommended by the Planning Commission was considered by the

Denied	Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this use permit application be denied, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 3rd day of February, 1954 having considered the application
of Charleston Park Mutual Homes, Inc. for a variance to set up a temporary concrete
batching plant on Lot 145 Charleston Park Tract No. 2 for a period of approximately
six months; and

TWIN LAKE VILLAGE
UNIT 1

Tentative Map

USE PERMIT APPLICATION
Charleston Park Mutual Homes;
U-3-54	

Approved

STREET NAME
Public Hearing Set Rd from Vegas Dr to
Golf Course Club House
to

Ruby Drive

VARIANCE APPLICATION
PUBLIC HEARING SET A. P. & Myrtle Rimmer
V-100-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
PUBLIC HEARING SET
Charles & Libby Shatz
V-74-53

REZONING APPLICATION
Appeal Filed
Rennold Pender

Z-66-54

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission
recommending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that the application of
Charleston Park Mutual Homes, Inc., V-2-54, be and the same is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the tentative map of re-subdivision of Block 1 and portion of Block 2,

Heers Subdivision Nevada 1, located southwesterly of the Tonopah Highway and North of
Washington Avenue, Twin Lake Village, Unit #1 was considered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this tentative map be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.





The application of the Charleston Park Mutual Homes, Inc. to set up temporary
construction yard which will contain the superintendent s office and be used for
storage of equipment and materials for the job for approximately six months, as
recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a
regular meeting on the 3rd day of February, 1954 having considered the application
of Charleston Park Mutual Homes, Inc. for a use permit to set up a temporary const-
ruction yard; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recom-
mending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Charleston Park Mutual Homes, Inc., U-3-54, as approved by the City Planning Commission
be and the same is hereby granted, and the inspections departments are authorized
to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission to name the street running
from Vegas Drive to the Municipal Golf course Club House, Ruby Drive, was considered
by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be set for February 17, 1954 

on this recommended street name.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



A t this time the Board considered the appeal filed by A. P. and Myrtle Rimmer on the
denial of their variance application to construct a duplex on each of two lots
which are 6,000 square feet in area at 2317 and 2321 Van Patten Place.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing be set for March 3, 1954

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A t this time the Board considered the appeal of Charles and Libby Shatz on denial of
variance application to construct ten apartments within 10 feet of front property
line on South 4th Street between Charleston Boulevard and 4th Place.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing be set for March 3, 1954

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carrie d by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the appeal of Rennold Pender on denial of
application to rezone a portion of the SW1/4 NE 1/4 Sec. 29, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M which
is north of the extension of Washington Avenue and East of Tonopah Highway and
Heers Subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this appeal be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-54