CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Building Supervisor

PETITION FOR ALLEY
OPENING

Meadows Addition

HOUSE MOVING

Henrietta Archie

SEWER EASEMENT
Joe Gordon &

L. Stein

LICENSE APPLICATION
Nevada U-Drive



MAYOR PRO TEM
Elected

COMMISSION MEETINGS
SET

SALARY INCREASES
Police Chief

Asst. Dir. of
Finance

Commissioner Whipple moved that William Loretta, Supervisor of Building and Safety,
be granted $161.40 to attend the Pacific Coast Building Official Conference in
October of 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Several property owners appeared before the Commission at this time requesting the
opening of the easement which is a continuation of A Street at Boston to connect
with the alley which runs between Boston and Baltimore. They advised the Board that
a petition was on file signed by the property owners and residents in the Meadows
Addition. Thereafter, the Engineering Department was instructed to contact the
necessary property owners to ascertain whether or not the required right-of-way could
be secured, and the Building Department was requested not to issue permits for
construction on the proposed alley.

At this time the Board considered the request of Henrietta Archie to move a house from
518 W. Adams to 901 North E Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Henrietta Archie to move a house from
518 W. Adams to 901 North E Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time L. D. Stein and Joe Gordon appeared before the Board requesting abandonment
of a sewer easement by the City in the vicinity of Charleston and 17th.	$3,000.00

would cover the cost of which they would pay half.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the matter be referred to the City Attorney for report
and recommendation, and estimate of work to be done.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Harry Hatfield appeared before the Board at this time with a request from Ben
Fabbi, Nevada U-Drive for a license at 2400 So. 5th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of Nevada U-Drive for four U-drives be
approved subject to approval by the Fire Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Commissioner Whipple be elected Mayor Pro Tem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple
passed his vote.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners be
held on the first and third Wednesdays of each month, from 7:30 to 10:30 P.M. Any
uncompleted business will be carried over until 4:00 P.M. the next day.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy recommended that the salary of Police Chief Allen be
increased to $675.00 per month on permanent appointment and that his pay be increased
to $700.00 after six month's time.

Mr. Kennedy also recommended that the salary of Robert Boos, Assistant Director of
Finance, be increased to $563.00 per month.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the salary increases for Chief George Allen to $675.00
effective June 10, 1955, and Robert Boos to $563.00 effective July 1, 1955; be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Sharp moved that the meeting recess until June 16, 1955 at 4:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

6-15-55