STREET NAME CHANGE
Beverly Drove to
Bellrose Street



SETBACK
Boulder Avenue



PROTEST OF LICENSE
Atomic Liquor Store

413-415 Baskin Drive
Clifton Ream

OUTSIDE STORAGE LOT
Fremont Electric

10th & Fremont

GAMING APPLICATION
1st Qtr. 1954
Additional

Change of Ownership

REDUCTION OF SOLICITORS
FEE

Alvin M. Schroeter

OPENING OF 19TH STREET
Rescind Action

CONTINUANCE OF PUBLIC
HEARING

Variance Application
Chariest & Libby Shatz

TAXICAB APPLICATION

1st Qtr. 1954

ADVERTISE FOR BIDS

Cash Register

PROGRESS REPORT
Assessment District #100-12



PROGRESS REPORT
Assessment District #100-25
5th St. Lighting

At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission to change the name of Beverly
Drive to Bellrose Street, due to the confusion between Beverly Drive and Beverly Way, was
considered by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on this street name change be
set for April 7, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission on the
setback of Boulder Avenue and it was decided to instruct the City Attorney to draw up
an ordinance.

An opinion from the City Attorney was read to the Board on the license of the Atomic
Liquor Store.

Rev. Sutton from the Assembly of God Church and Mr. M. V. Ivy of the 7th Day Adventist
Church were present to protest the issuance of the license stating it was too close
to their respective churches.

The opinion of the City Attorney was that this license could be issued because it was
a continuance of an existing business.

At this time the Board considered a letter from the City Attorney regarding Clifton
Ream's property at 413-415 Baskin Drive (Tonopah Drive), requesting that the same be
cleaned up.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that this property be determined a nuisance and
the necessary steps be taken to clean up the premises.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The report from the City Attorney on the outside storage lot of Fremont Electric on
10th and Fremont Streets was that the property had been inspected and had been cleaned
off.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Horseshoe Casino, Eldorado Club, Inc.
at 128 Fremont, for an additional Faro Game for the 1st Quarter of 1954 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Saratoga Race Book, Henry Cal Remolif
formerly owned by Sam Cohen, at 114 So. 1st Street, for one Race Horse Book and 1 Sports
Book for the 1st Quarter of 1954 be approved subject to a favorable report from the
Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the application of Alvin M. Schroeter, solicitor for American Peoples
Encyclopedia, Sears Roebuck Co., for reduction of solicitors license, was considered
by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the fee be reduced to $5.00 per quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved to rescind the action taken by the Commission on March 3; 1954
on the opening of 19th Street From Fremont Street to Charleston Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved to continue the public hearing on the variance application
of Charles and Libby Shatz to construct apartments on South 4th Street between Charleston
Boulevard and 4th Place until April 21, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Arrowhead U Drive Corp. 200 nO. 5th St.
for a U Drive License for 1st Qtr. 1954 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved to authorize the City Manager to advertise for bids for
cash registers for various City Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a progress report was given by the engineer, Karsten Bronken, on the West-
side Area Assessment District #100-12. It was found that the costs were too high to
ahead with this district.

At this time a progress report was given by the Silas Mason Engineering Company on the
5th Street Lighting known as Assessment District #100-25.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted: