DICTAPHONE	Commissioner Smith moved that the city purchase a second hand dictaphone,

shaver and transcriber with 12 records from Office Equipment for $600.00 

said outfit to carry a one year guarantee and to be in first class condition.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITOR-PURCHASING     Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to hire
AGENT - combined	a man to do the auditing and purchasing for the city of Las Vegas and that

the duties be combined. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

VEGAS VILLAGE	Commissioner Smith moved that the city approve the proposed plat of

Vegas Village subject to the definite approval of the city engineer together
with the approval of the county commissioners. That the Joint-Planning
Commission also approve said plat. Further that the Mayor and city clerk
be authorized to sign said plat when said approvals were obtained. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WAR MEMORIAL BLDG.	Commissioner Smith moved that the street superintendent be authorized to

janitor -	hire a janitor for the War Memorial Building at a salary of $150.00 per

month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITORIUM	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the War Memorial auditorium be rented

to the Post Office for the period covering December 15, to 31st inclusive
at $10 per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and his Honor voting aye.

Noes ,none.

MIKE LEAVITT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. E. Leavitt be granted a leave	

Leave	of absence from November 5th at noon until November 28th inclusive.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

FIRE DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that additional men be hired in the fire department

hiring	to bring their number to 18 firemen and 4 captains making a total of 22 men.

That as soon as hired their names and ratings be submitted to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until December 4th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30
P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
DECEMBER 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of December, 1942.

Meeting called to order by H is Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.,
with the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. Acting

City Attorney Harvey C. Dickerson. Purchasing Agent, LeRoy Whipple. City Auditor, A. W.

Blackman and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of meetings of November 16th and 23rd were read and approved as read.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that vouchers 759 to 766 inclusive, with the exception of
750 and 751 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners, Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Motion carried.

VOLUNTARY FIRE	James Down Jr., a member of the volunteer fire department, appeared

DEPARTMENT	before the Board and outlined a program they had made. His Honor Mayor 

Howell C. Garrison appointed Commissioners Clark and Smith to meet with
members of the fire department to discus their plan and make a reference
at the next regular meeting.

GASOLINE	Bids on gasoline from the following firms were opened at this time. Shell

BID	Oil Co. 16½¢ a gallon, Standard Oil Co., 15½¢ a gallon, Mobile Gas 16½¢ a

gallon, Mobilene 13¢ a gallon, Union Oil 15½¢ a gallon, Gilmore Oil

Co., 13.72 a gallon. The bids were ordered pending our study. Cardinal 
and Pisetta submitted a bid on motorcycle gas at 20½¢ a gallon, diesel oil

7¢ a gallon. Commissioner Smith moved that Gilmore Oil Co. be awarded the
bid on motorcycle gas at 20½¢ a gallon and diesel oil at 7¢ a gallon. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and approved by the following vote,
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion Carried.