Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent! Commissioners Bunker and
Moore.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of April, 1950 was
called to order at the hour of 3:15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the follow-
ing members present: Commissioners Peccole and Whipple; City Attorney Howard W. Cannon,

City Manager C. W. Shelley and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioners

Bunker and Moore.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1117 to 1119 inclusive in the net

 	sum of $24,606.55 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and

Moore.

SOLICITORS LICENSE	Two representatives of the Household Furnishings Co. were present regarding obtaining

 	solicitors licenses. They objected to the investigation fee required before such a

license can be issued. These gentlemen were informed that the ordinance required pay-
ment of this fee, and the Board has no authority to forgive the payment of same.

HIGHLAND PARK -	Mr. Cosper, who has property in the Highland Park Addition appeared before the Board at

Zone Variance	this time, protesting the denial of his petition for zone variance by the Regional Planning

Commission.

Commissioner Peccole moved that a report of the Public Hearing held on Highland Park Tract
by the Regional Planning Commission be made to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and

Moore.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of March 22 and 29, 1950 be approved by reference

 	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote :	Commissioners

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and

Moore.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Peccole moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1929 to 1933 inclusive

WARRANTS	in the total amount of $50,832.02 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

 	sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and

Moore.

14TH STREET SEWER	This being the time set for opening of bids for the purchase of Bonds on the 14th Street

BONDS	City Addition Sewer Improvement District in the Amount of $19,213.74, the following bid

Bid Awarded	was received:

April 6, 1950

Honorable Mayor and City Council

City of Las Vegas

City Hall

Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

For Nineteen thousand Two Hundred Thirteen Dollars and Seventy-four Cents ($19,213.74)
 SEWAGE DISPOSAL BONDS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, dated the 1st Day of March, 1950,
denomination nineteen (19) at One Thousand Dollars and one (l) at Two Hundred Thirteen
Dollars Seventy-Four Cents ($213.74) bearing interest at the rate of Four Per Cent Per
Annum (4%), payable semi-annually, both principal and interest payable at the office of
the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada, I will pay you par Nineteen Thousand Two Hundred
Thirteen Dollars and Seventy-Four Cents ($19,213.74) and accrued Interest.

As an evidence of good faith, I am including herewith cash in the amount of Nine Hundred
Sixty Dollars and Sixty-Nine Cents ($960.69) which is to be held by your pending compli-
ance with the conditions of this bid and is only to be used as part payment for said bonds
when approved delivered to me. Said money is to be returned to me if this bid is
not accepted.

Respectfully submitted,

/s/ Harriet H. MacCormack