320

STREET R/W —	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried unanim-

Scotch Eighty Addn	ously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

Earl A. & Sonya

Honrath	BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of November, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 25th day
of October, 1948, executed by Earl A. Honrath & Sonya E. Honrath, husband and wife, to
	the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property

described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

STREET R/W —	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried

Adjacent to Westwood unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

Tract No. 2

Harrington, Kuert,	BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of November, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of

Wadsworth, Honrath &	the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 29th

Cedzo	day of March, 1948, executed by V. B. Harrington and Joyce G. Harrington, husband and

wife, William F. Kuert, an unmarried man, C. H. Wadsworth and Norma Wadsworth, husband
	and Wife, E. A. Honrath and Sonya Honrath, Husband and wife, and Stephen Cedzo to the

City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property des-
cribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

STREET R/w—	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and carried un-

Utah Street	animously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

Ronnow & Wengert

BE IT RESOLVED, this $th day of November, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of
	the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 5th

day of November, 1948, executed by C. S. Wengert and C. L. Ronnow, also known as
C. Leland Ronnow to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

SOUTH 3rd STREET	Commissioner Whipple moved that recommendation be made to the Planning Commission that

WIDTH	South 3rd Street from Charleston to $th Street be restored to the original width of

	fifty feet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

CODIFICATION OF	Commissioner Baskin moved that the supplemental contract between the City of Las Vegas

ORDINANCES	and Michie City Publications Company relative to the codification of City ordinances

Supplemental Contract be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Also that Service
 Service & Material	& Material Warrant No. 1672 in the amount of $2500.00 for the second payment to Michie

Warrant No. 1672	City Publications upon inspection and approval of the City Attorney be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

PROPOSED PURCHASE	Commissioner Whipple moved that the offer to purchase Block 28, Pioneer Heights Addition

OF PROPERTY	in the sum of $5,000 from Mrs. Lawton be approved.

Blk 28-Pioneer Hghts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

	Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

At this time the meeting recessed.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 4:15 P.M. with all members present as of the open-
ing session.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of the Eldorado Club, 2nd & Fremont for

Eldorado Club	38 slot machines, 2 Poker, 3 "21" games, 1 Faro, 2 Roulette, 2 Craps, 1 Race Horse Book,

	1 Tango (155 charis) and 1 Chemin De Fer for the fourth quarter of 1948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Clark
moved that this meeting adjourn until November 22, 1948 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor