4

and also the unsubdivided area abutting and adjoining
Strong Drive on the east side thereof, extending 200
feet south of Charleston Boulevard.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams, and plans
of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense
thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and examination,

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at The
City Hall in said City on Wednesday, the 18th day of June, 1952, at the hour of 7:30
o'clock P.M. to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made
by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matter relating thereto.
Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be
filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said
estimates, plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the
proposed improvements or work, of the location of the improvement, of the district
to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Said notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and
also by posting said notices in three public places near the site of said proposed
work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions, and ordinances, or parts
of by-laws, orders resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are
hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the 
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance,
in any one or more instances shall, not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability
and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of
Las Vegas is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its 
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer
system, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two
successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall
become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 4th day of June, 1952.

s/ C. D. Baker

	Mayor	

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/	Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

Commissioner Bunker then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance, The
Question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following
result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:		Commissioner Jarrett

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Bunker, that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and
adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby, suspended for
the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance
at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Bunker seconded
the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage,
roll was called with the following result: