RIGHT OF WAY-- State of

Nevada

BOY SCOUT BUS -- Transfer

Title

TERMINATION OF LEASE
USO Building -
Westside

CITY PARK — Removal of
Toilet Facilities

USO BUILDING—Stewart St.
Duffy's Tavern

QUITCLAIM DEED —

Highway Purpose
R/W Dyke

QUITCLAIM DEED —
Extension of Oakey Blvd.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following described
land be deeded to the State Highway for right-of-way
for public highway and that the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to execute said deed.

Beginning at a point on the left or westerly now existing 40
foot highway right-of-way line which bears north 88°42' W. a distance of
28.32 feet from Highway Engineer's Station "O"950+61.25 P.O.C., said point
of beginning further described as bearing S.06°41'38" E. a distance of
1218.58 feet from the west one-quarter corner of said Section 16; thence
N.88°42' W. a distance of 22.25 feet to a point on the new proposed left
or westerly 50 foot highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which
beam N.09°50'55" E. curving to the right along said 50 foot highway right
of way line with a radius of 4062 feet thru an angle of 07°56'55" a distance
of 563.52 feet to a point on the north boundary of the SW¼ of the NW¼ of the
SW¼ of said Section 16; thence S.89°00'07" E. along said boundary line a
distance of 22.99 feet to a point on the now existing left or westerly 40
foot highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which bears S.17°53'29W.
curving to the left along said right of way line with a radius of 4040 feet 
thru an angle of 07°59'45" a distance of 563.80 feet to the point of
beginning.

Said right of way for Public Highway containing an area of
0.302 acres, more or less.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City transfer its interest
In the Boy Scout Bus to the Boy Scouts of America.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City approve the 

termination of the lease with the United Service Organization, Inc.
for the property at 311 Jefferson Street in accordance with
the terms of the lease dated June 8, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed
to remove the toilet facilities in the City Park because of
unsaintary conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed
to allow the Chamber of Commerce to use the USO building on
Stewart Street for broadcasting Duffy's Tavern May 24, and
see that proper insurance is furnished.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of May, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
14th day of May, 1946, executed by C. L. and Pearl Hennon and Jerry G. and Irma D.

Masek to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and Intentions
as therein set forth: and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed In the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made: 