Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Corradetti being excused before the motion was presented.

There upon said meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To—

Viola Burns, City Clerk
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A. Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, Tuesday the 1st day of October, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. to
consider and act upon the following:

1. To consider and grant gaming and slot machine licenses for the 4th quarter year.

2. To consider and act upon beverage application of Ralph L. Curtis.

3.	To open bids and act upon the same for the purchase of cement.

Dated October 1st, 1940.

John L. Russell

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To— John L. Russell, Mayor and to Commissioners
Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti.

You and each of you will please take notice: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office
Tuesday the 1st day of October, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. to consider and act upon
the following:

1. To consider and grant gaming and slot machine licenses for the 4th quarter year.

2. To consider and act upon beverage application of Ralph L. Curtis.

3.	To open bids for the purchase of cement.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated Oct 1st, 1940.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	Herb Krause	Joe Ronnow	A Corradetti

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 1st day of October,

1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell Commissioners Ronnow Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
Ralph L. Curtis be granted retail beverage license for the 4th quarter year. Said application
being approved by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board at this time discussed the operation of various gambling games, devices and slot mach-
ines in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
Police Department investigate the various games, devices and slot machines in operation in the
clubs and places of business in the City of Las Vegas and all games, devices and slot machines of
any kind found in operation with out license be closed and all decives be taken by the said
Police Department to the Police Station.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that all gambling games and devices applied for be granted. Renewal of games already licensed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of the Northern Club for a "Foot ball Parley License" came before the Board for
consideration. This gaming not having be previously licensed by the Board.

On motion of commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the application of the Northern Club for a "Foot Ball Parley License" be denied.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.