The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of the Budget to the Board of County Commission-
ers of Clark County, to have budget published once a week for two consecutive weeks in a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, and to send a copy of said budget to the Nevada
State Board of Finance in Carson City, Nevada.

The matter of the tax levy was next brought before the Board of Commissioners and upon
motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Resolutions were duly
adopted and unanimously carried:

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.17 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being	within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,	be levied, collected, and

paid for the year 1932, including	the net proceeds of the mines, except	such property as is exempt 

from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.30 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property
situate, lying and being within the City of	i.as Vegas,	Nevada, be levied, collected, and	paid	for

the year 1932, including the	net proceed of	the mines,	except such property as is exempt	from

taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the general fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.59 bn each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being	within the City	of	Las	Vegas, Nevada,	be levied, collected and

paid for the year 1932, including	the net proceed	of	the	mines,	except such property as is exempt 

from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the street fund.

Resolved, that an	ad valorem tax	of $.22 on	each one hundred dollars worth of	tax-
able property situate, lying	and being within the City	of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,	collected, 

and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the water, sewer and light fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.02 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate; lying and being	within	the	City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be	levied,	coll-
ected, and paid for the year, 1932, including	the	net proceeds of mines, except	such property as

is exempt	from	taxation, said	tax	to be known as and	used as	the Library Fund.

Resolved, that and	ad valorem tax of $.07 on each one hundred dollars worth of 	tax-

able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, coll-
ected and paid	for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of mines, except such	 property	as

is exempt from	taxation, said tax to be known as and used as bond interest fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.09 on each one hundred dollars worth of	tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be	levied, 	collected 

and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
s is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as bond redemption fund.

Resolved, that and ad valorem tax of $.04 on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collect and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

The plat of the "Meadows Acres" amended was presented to the Board for its approval.

Same being approved by the City Planning Commission. City Attorney Stevens reporting to the
Board that said plat was in proper form and proof of ownership being also presented to the Board
the plated was approved by the Mayor attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 9th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Clark County, Nevada.

March 9th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 9th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
and Thomas, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Several matters in regard to the new sewer system and disposal plant were brought before
the Board at this time for its consideration.

A letter from the Dorr Company, Inc. was read to the Board informing them that the type
Digester for the disposal plant had been improved in both design and appearance since the bids
were opened and ask if the City of Las Vegas would consider the installation of the improved
type instead of the one submitted in the bids.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
City accept the improved type of digester, subject to the approval of the erection drawing by
Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City. City Clerk be directed to write the Dorr
Company to this effect.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.