PAYROLL WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Creation of Assessment
District No. 100-18
Oakey Blvd. Paving

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R-W Deed 5th Place
M.M. Sweeney

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Gus Drew

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 3, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 3rd day of
December, 1952, was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. .Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole

Asst. City Mgr. Dora Lord

Asst. City Attorney Ralston 0. Hawkins

City Engineer C.C. Boyer

City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Mayor C.D. Baker

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Manager Chet Shelley

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1371 to 1376 inclusive in the net amount of
$36,894.71 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Minutes of November 19, 1952, be approved by reference and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commission
ers of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear and consider any suggestions and objections that
may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matter relating thereto, in
the proposed Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-18 in said City as provided in Emergency
Ordinance No. 510 passed and adopted and approved the 19th day of November, 1952, and the notice
prescribed therein. The Mayor Pro Tem then asked if any written objections suggestions or comments
concerning the District had been; filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered
that no objections, suggestions, or comments concerning said District had been filed in her office
prior to said meeting and she filed a certificate with the Board of Commissioners to that effect.

The Mayor Pro Tem then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, suggestion or comment,
or raise any question, concerning said District. No objections were filed.

Thereupon Commissioner Peccole moved the City Attorney be directed to prepare an ordinance creating
said District and to take such steps as were necessary to effectuate the provisions of said Emergency
Ordinance No. 510, passed and adopted and approved the 19th day of November, 1952.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried unanimously, the
following resolution is adopted and order made;

#356 BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of December, 1952, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24th day of July, 1952, execu-
ted by M.M. Sweeney

To the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker made a report on the application of gus W. Drew to construct an addition to an
existing dwelling to extend within five feet of the rear lot line it 1061 Griffith. Commissioner
Bunker stated that after investigation of this matter he could not recommend the approval of this
application.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the application be denied and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 3rd day of November, 1952, Gus Drew filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for variance to construct an addition to existing dwelling to extend within five
feet of rear lot line, located at 1061 Griffith in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing on the
application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications protesting
the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 13, 1952, the Regional Planning Commission approved such application for
variance inasmuch as they did not feel that this use would be detrimental to surrounding property
values; and

WHEREAS, such decision of the Regional Planning Commission was filed with the Board of City
Commissioners on December 3, 1952, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that Gus
Drew be granted permission to construct an addition to existing dwelling to extend within five feet
of rear lot line, be and the same hereby is denied.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent Mayor Baker.