OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 14th, 1931+

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 14th
day of October 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present.: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Semi-monthly salary bills were allowed as per. claims and warrant register on file in the
office of the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that until the further order of the Board the pay roll of the Street
Department be submitted as one bill, to be verified by the Street Superintendent, instead of
separate bills as heretofore submitted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that until the further order of the Board of Commissioners the pay
roll of the Police Department be submitted as one bill, to be verified by either the Chief of
Police or M. Condo, as Desk Sargent, instead of separate bills as heretofore submitted.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The two above mentioned Resolutions to be in force on and after this date.

Mr. J.R. Boyer having explained to the satisfaction of the Board the operation of a
"Tango Derby", a gaming device, it was upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner
German, moved that a gaming license be granted J.R. Boyer for the operation of Three Gam-
ing Devices, namely, Tango Derby, Twenty-One Game, and one Crap Game.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell voting Aye.
Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the following slot machine licenses be granted:

E.P. Bihlmaier	2 Slot Machines

Ethel W. Genther	3 "	"

	J.T. Watters	12 "	"

L.L. Arnet & John Graglia 8 Slot machines.

Said applications being in proper form and the money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A.C. Milne, appeared before the Board at this time in regard to an injury that he re-
ceived in a fall on the sidewalk in front of 614 South First Street in the City of Las Vegas.

After some discussion of the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded
by Commissioner German moved that upon the signing of a release by A.C. Milne, and the payment of
the City of Las Vegas of the sum of $85.00 to said A.C. Milne that the said A.C. Milne would
be fully compensated for his injuries.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Thomas arriving late.

At this time the Board of Commissioners took up the matter of the sale of the bonds
for the proposed sewer system and disposal plant in the City of Las Vegas.

Aftersome discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by
Commissioner German it was moved that the City sell $144,000.00 of the $160,000.00 bond issue
authorized by the State Legislature in the 1931 session.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas
voting Aye. Noes None.

As this was the time set for the opening of bids on the bonds, said bonds having
been advertised for sale according to the laws of the State of Nevada, the Board of Com-
missioners preceded to open said bids.

A Western Union Telegraph bid was received from the International Company of Denver*
This bid was disqualified as the bid was not accompanied by a certified check in the amount
required.

A bid on the first $100,000.00 worth of bonds was received from E.S. Felt & Co;
and Beason Investment Co. of Salt Lake City. This bid was not accompanied by the required check.

A bid from the Snow Goodart Co: and Edward L. Burton Co. (Combined bid) for the pur-
chase of $144,000.00 worth of bonds at 6¾% was received and same was accompanied by the re-
quired check.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
all bids be rejected and the Board of Commissioners readvertise for bidders on the bonds.

That the City Clerk be instructed to return the checks to the bidders.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Mundy and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. W.E. Ferron appeared before the Board at this time and ask for financial help
in the caring for the need in the City This winter.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the City of Las Vegas give from the Police and Fire Fund the sum of Three Hundred Dollars each
month to this cause. That the said Three Hundred Dollars be used for the paying of the salaries
of a man and woman who would be special officers of the City to have charge of this work.

Same to be in effect until the further order of this Board.