594

BUSINESS LICENSE
Van Patten



Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Van Patten be instructed to appear before
the Board to show cause why his license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

ATTEST:

APPROVED:



Mayor

2-3-54

PAYROLL WARRANTS





Las Vegas, Nevada
February 17, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held this 17th day of February, was called to order at the hour of
8:00 P.M. with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 3246-3639, inclusive, inn
the net amount of $44,390.31 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 51227 to 51350
inclusive in the total amount of $92,290.89 be approved and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

MINUTES 	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of February 3, 1954 be approved by

reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning

REZONING APPLICATION application of Jodie Cannon and James Calbert to rezone Lots 7 and. 8 and the
Jodie Cannon & James Calbert North 70 feet of Lot 9, Block 22, HFM&N Addition which is located on the

Z-I-54	southwest corner of Van Buren and "F“ Streets from R-3 to C-2, the matter was

Approved	 considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were
no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for rezoning of Lots
7 and 8 and the North 70 feet of Lot 9, Block 22, HFM&N Addition from R-3 to
C-2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commis-
sioner Sharp.

Commissioner Sharp stated it was likely his firm would be the architects for
this property.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application
of Benjamin Gartman to rezone Lots 31 and 32, Block 23, South Addition and
a portion of Block "A" Wardie Addition which is situated on the Southwest corner
of 6th Street and Clark Avenue from R-l to R-3, the matter was considered by
the Board.

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING APPLICATION
Benjamin Gartman
Z-78-53
Approved 



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were no
objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application to rezone Lots 31 and 32,
Block 23, South Addition and a portion of Block "A" Wardie Addition from R-l
to R-3 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

2-17-54