property. He advised the Commission that it was his intent to start work on this
tract within a very short time, but that it would be impossible at this time for
him to complete the installation of the off-site improvements prior to the expira-
tion of the subdivision agreement in June of 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. A. G. Neumeyer be granted an extension of 6 months
from the expiration of the agreement on the Judy Rich Tract No. 2 for the completion
of the installation of the off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy gave the report on the general fund balance of the City
and stated that after the payment of the Service and Material Warrants and Payroll
Warrants approved at this meeting there would be on hand $778,835.27.

Mr. Kennedy presented the deed to Will Ed and Jack Reilly Harris that was authorized
for preparation at the last regular meeting of the Commission on April 17, 1957, to
accomplish the return of the property to the Harris' which had been deeded to the
City to be used for the new West Charleston Fire Station. The Board requested that
this matter be placed on the agenda for the next regular meeting.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the City has received approval of its application
for the acquisition of property located at 13th and Bridger from the General Services
Administration of the United States Government, to be used for park purposes. Mr.
Kennedy advised the Commission that according to the agreement signed by the City,
the purchase price of the property is one-half the appraised value, or $1026.30.

The City Manager requested approval of a warrant to the U. S. Government in this
amount.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a warrant to the General Services Administration
of the U. S. Government in the amount of $1,026.30 to cover the acquisition of
the east 45 feet of Lots 9, 10, 11, Block 4, Ladd's Addition, to be used for Park
purposes be approved, and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue the
warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The City Manager presented the request of the Nevada State Department of Health
for the City to pay one-half of the cost for services of a secretary in connection
with the Special Childrens Clinic which has been established in this area. Mr.
Kennedy reported that Clark County has agreed to pay one-half the salary of the
secretary from April 1, 1957 through June 30, 1958. Mr. Kennedy further explained
that monies have been alloted by the Federal Government to establish this clinic,
but one of the requirements is that the local governmental agencies receiving the
benefit of such clinic are to stand the expense of the secretary. The City Manager
stated that the City's portion of this expense would be $137.50 per month, or
$435.93 quarterly.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted and the Comptroller and Treasurer
authorized to issue a warrant in the amount of $435.93 to pay for the quarterly
expenses from April 1, 1957 through June 30, 1958, upon receipt of the statement
from the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The City Manager presented the request for a change order on the contract for
the Additions to the City Jail. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that there
was the need to install steel grills in the air ducts in the cell blocks and the
Contractor, Southern Steel Company had agreed to furnish, construct and install
these grills at a total cost of $1,036.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this change order for the installation of grills
in the Addition to the City Jail be approved and ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent :	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution,
commending Commissioner Wendell Bunker on his outstanding services as President of
the Nevada Municipal Association:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is a member of the Nevada Municipal Association
consisting of 16 major cities of the State, and formed for the purpose of mutual
study and consideration of municipal problems of common interest; and

WHEREAS, the Association has grown immeasurably in strength and in service to
the member cities since its organization; and

WHEREAS, WENDELL BUNKER, as a member of the Las Vegas City Commission, has
for a long period of time been active in the Municipal Association; and

WHEREAS, at the spring meeting of the Association in Ely, Nevada on April
13, 1956, WENDELL BUNKER was elected President of the Nevada Municipal Association
to serve for a one year term; and

WHEREAS, WENDELL BUNKER has served as President of the Nevada Municipal
Association during the current year with distinction and has liberally devoted
his time, effort, and labor for the benefit and improvement of said Association; and

WHEREAS, the Association has achieved outstanding success in the field of
desired municipal legislation during the current year, a large measure of which is

GENERAL FUND
Balance

RETURN OF PROPERTY
Will Ed Harris

PURCHASE OF PROPERTY
U. S. Government
Park Purposed

SPECIAL CHILDRENS
CLINIC

Nevada Health Dept.
Expenses

ADDITION TO JAIL
Change Order

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION

Wendell Bunker