Commissioners Curtiss aye, Griffith, aye, smith aye, and his hon the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye. Noes None.

	

The question of revoking the permit of George Bardoni next coming on before the Board it was.

upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith ordered that the following
preamble and resolution was duly adopted viz: Whereas, it appears to this Board that the retail
liquor business now conducted by George Bardoni on the premises lot 9 block 16 of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite under permit for retail liquor establishment granted by the City of Las Vegas on
the 31st, day of December 1912, to the said George Bardoni is and has been a nuisance a menace
to the public health and detrimental to the peace and morals of the City of Las Vegas and the inhab-
itants thereof, Now therefore be it resolved that the permit for retail liquor Establishment
heretofore granted to the said George Bardoni as aforesaid be and the same is hereby rescinded, revoked
and cancelled. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit

Commissioners, Smith aye, Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

The question of revoking the permit of J.H. Franklin next coming on before the Board it
was upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly ordered that
the following preamble and resolution be adopted as follows towit:- Whereas, it appears to
this Board that the retail liquor business now conducted by J.H. Franklin on the premises lot 13
block 16 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite under permit for retail liquor establishment granted by
the City of Las Vegas on the 31st, day of December 1912. to the said J.H. Franklin is and has been
a nuisance a menace to the public health and detrimental to the peace and morals of the City of
Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof, Now therefore be it resolved that the permit for retail
liquor Establishment heretofore granted to the said J.H. Franklin as aforesaid be and the same is
hereby rescinded, revoked an cancelled. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioner Smith, No, Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Curtiss seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following Resolution 

was duly adopted: Resolved that that portion of section 1, of proposed Ordinance No. 45,
being ordinance to amend Section 13 of Ordinance No. 33 and such portion reading as follows: "It
shall be unlawful for any person to conduct or carry on a retail liquor establishment in more
than one room at any place or to sell, serve or give away any intoxicating liquors in any other
room in which such retail liquor establishment is conducted or carried on, or to sell, serve
or give away any intoxicating liquor in any portion of the room in which such retail liquor
establishment is conducted or carried on, that is separated or divided from such room by a
partition or otherwise. Be and the same is hereby amended by striking out all of the above
quoted portion of said ordinance. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Curtiss, Aye, Griffith, Aye, Smith, Aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting Aye.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following res-
olution was duly adopted. Resolved that that portion of section 1, of proposed Ordinance NO.

45, being ordinance to amend section 13, of Ordinance 33, and such portion reading a s follows:
"It shall be unlawful for any proprietor, keeper , bartender, Clerk, or any other person haying
the charge or control of any drinking saloon to permit any female to visit said place , or ante
room or compartment connecting with the same, and it shall also be unlawful for any female to
visit such drinking saloon, or ante-room or compartment connecting with the same, " be and the
same is hereby amended so that the same shall read as follows: " It shall be unlawful for any
proprietor, keeper, bartender, clerk or any other person having the charge or control of any
drinking saloon to permit any female to visit said drinking saloon: and it shall also be unlawful
for any female to visit such drinking saloon." The vote on said resolution was as follows

Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.