The undersigned citizens of Las Vegas, living within the limits
of said City. hereby petition your Board to take some action
by ordinance or otherwise to prevent the operation by any
person within the city limits of a slaughter house. We respect-
fully call your attention to the fact that H. Blanding and Albert
Witwer at separate places within said city are operating slaughter
houses that the same are operated in such a manner as to interfere
with and endanger the health, safety, comfort and convenience of the
undersigned, living in the immediate vicinity. We respectfully request
you to investigate the conditions and take appropriate action for the
abatement of the same as a nuisance.

Signed: W.T. Tate

James L. Filby
S.B. Nay
Henry Mills.

whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion duly made by Commissioner
Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Martin, and unanimously carried to refer the matter to the
City Health Officer for proper investigation. Voting: Commissioner Pembroke, Aye; Commissioner
Martin Aye; His Honor the Mayor, Aye: Noes, None.

Regulation regarding the collection of Garbage inaccordance with Ordinance
No. 80, which had been drafted by City Attorney Stevens were presented, and upon motion duly made
by Commissioner Martin, Seconded by Commissioner Pembroke, and unanimously carried the same were
adopted and were ordered published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper for the period of one
week. The Clerk was also further authorised to have some copies of said regulations struck off
for distribution .Voting, Commissioners Martin and Pembroke, Aye, His Honor the Mayor, Aye: Noes. None.

It was moved by Commissioner C.E. Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Martin
that the City Budget be amended in compliance with the communication from the Nevada Tax Commission
and the City rate fixed at $.725 instead of $.75. Voting, Commissioners Pembroke and Martin, Aye:

His Honor the Mayor, Aye: Noes. None.

It was moved by Commissioner Pembroke, and. seconded by Commissioner Martin that
the City Treasurer be directed to make the following transfers of City Funds, to-wit: the sum of
Seven Hundred Dollars ($700.00) from the Salary Fund to the Street Fund: the sum of One Hundred
Fifty Dollars ($150.00) from the Salary to the Cemetery Fund: and the sum of One Hundred Dollars
and Seventy-four Cents ($100.74) from the General Fund to Sidewalk Assessment #7 Fund. Voting,
Commissioner Pembroke, Aye: Commissioner Martin, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye: Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

APRIL 25th, 1921.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, said meeting being called by the Mayor of said City. Present Hon. W.E. Ferron, Mayor with
members of said Board, Commissioners C.E. Pembroke, Lou Martin, and Howard Conklin, together with
the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Thereupon the Clerk stated to the Board the object of said special called meeting, informing 

the Board that said meeting was called at the special request of Hon. W.E. Ferron, Mayor for the
purpose of considering and acting upon the petition of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company
for a license or permit to lay telephone line cables under the streets and alleys of Las Vegas,
and to consider and act on such other business as may lawfully come before said meeting. Thereupon
the Clerk presented to the Board the written notice of the Mayor calling said special meeting
which was ordered filed and recorded as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada. Apr. 22, 1921.

To Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

You are hereby notified that a call is hereby issued for a special