PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 30219 - 30756 in the net amount of

$78,838.95 for the pay period December 15 - December 31, 1958, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Fountain moved that the Service and Material Warrants Nos. 3881 - 4009 in the

WARRANTS	amount of $72,659.57; be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 17, 1958, be approved by reference and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION            Commissioner Fountain moved that the following Charitable Solicitation Permits as recommended
PERMITS	by the Solicitation Review Board be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

authorized to issue the permits:

Approved

VARIETY CLUB OF SOUTHERN NEVADA - Tickets for dinner and annual auction
LAS VEGAS AREA COUNCIL CAMP FIRE GIRLS INC. - Annual Candy Sale
MOTOR MOUNTS CAR CLUB - Solicitation for Rose de Lima Building Fund
ECHOES OF ZION - Solicitation for donations for their radio program
LAS VEGAS SYMPHONY SOCIETY - Solicit advertisements for concert programs
NEW JERUSALEM BAPTIST CHURCH - Sell raffle tickets and hold dinners

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; nones.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	The Commission considered the application of Jean P. Walsh for a Beverage License at the

Change of Ownership	Long Branch Cafe; 18 Garces. The license is presently issued to William and Hilda Covey

Long Branch Cafe	doing business as the Coffee Pot. City Manager Kennedy stated that the police report is

favorable.

Approved

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Jean P. Walsh for a Beverage license 
at the Long Branch Cafe; 18 Garces; be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	The Commission considered the application of Alma DeBord for	a Cafe; Beer and Wine License

Change of Ownership	at the Coney Island Cafe; 4-12 South 2nd Street. The license	is presently issued to Paul

Coney Island Cafe	R. Gang. City Manager Kennedy stated that the police report	is favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Alma DeBord for a Cafe; Beer and Wine License
at the Coney Island Cafe; 412 South 2nd Street; be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Alma DeBord for 1 Slot at the Coney

New	Island Cafe; 412 South 2nd Street; be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue

Coney Island Cafe	authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Sam Diamond et al for 14 additional

Additional	slots at the New Pioneer Club Inc., 25 Fremont; be approved and the Supervisor of License

New Pioneer Club Inc.	and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

LIQUOR AND GAMING	The Commission considered the	application	of Robert Moses Levoff for a 4 percent interest

LICENSE	in the New Pioneer Club Inc.;	25 Fremont.	City Manager Kennedy stated that the police

Addition of Partner	report is favorable.

Approved	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Robert Moses Levoff for a 4 percent

interest in the New Pioneer Club Inc.; 25 Fremont; be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

1-HOUR LIMITED PARKING          The Commission considered the	recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that	the

WEST BONANZA	one-hour limited parking zone	be approved	for both sides of West Bonanza Road extending	from

the existing zone westward to Highland Drive. The existing one-hour parking zone now extends
Approved	as far west as the Las Vegas Valley Water District property.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the one-hour limited parking zone for both sides of West Bonanza
Road extending from the existing zone west-ward to Highland Drive; be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	The Planning Department presented a report recommending the annexation of an area legally

Annexation Portion	described as Government Lots III; IV; V; VI; and VII and the SE¼ of the NW¼ and E½ of the SW¼,

of Unincorporated	Section 6, T21S; R61E and generally described as the W½ of Section 6. All requirements of

Town of Winchester	Clark County Ordinance No. 97 have been fulfilled and properly certified; valid petitions have

been received from 60% of the property owners who own approximately 70% of the property.

Referred to Committee

1-7-59