City Attorney Cannon was asked by what legality the residents of Vegas Heights
could protest this rezoning. He stated that the Board could consider any protests.

After further discussion, Mayor Baker stated that the matter would be taken under
advisement by the Board.

This being the time set for the public hearing of the rezoning from R-4 to C-1 of
Lots 11 to 16, Block 28 and Lots 17 to 22, Block 21 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite,

Z-22-55, approved by the Planning Commission to extend boundaries of C-1 District on
South 3rd Street to coincide with the north line of Lewis Street and thereby achieve
greater stability.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced. Mayor Baker requested
the Clerk to make a note that no protests had been made.

Commissioner Sharp moved that rezonings Z-19-55, Z-13-55, Z-20-55 and Z-22-55 be held
in abeyance until the next regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners on September 7,
1955, at which time a decision will be made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and
Whipple.

Mayor Baker advised that any who have decided to file written protests other than those
stated at this meeting should file them prior to the next meeting on September 7, 1955 .

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application for rezoning from R-1 to C-1 of the south
660 feet of the SW¼ SW¼ Sec. 4, T21S, R61E, be referred back to the Planning and Traffic
and Parking Commissions for recommendation on the contingencies put on the property if it
is rezoned, and that the Board hold any decision in abeyance since the plans were only
submitted this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

Mr. Leo Gilson appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the revocation of the
tavern liquor license of the Swinging Door Saloon, 111 North 1st Street. Mr. Jack Gilson
had been requested to be present to show cause why this license should not be revoked be-
cause of a reported disturbance at the Swinging Door Saloon on July 14, 1955. He was out
of town at this time, understanding that his presence would not be required until August

31; 1955.

Mr. Harry Claiborne, representing Mr. Jack Gilson, requested that this matter be deferred
until September 7, 1955, when a full Board would be present.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this matter be deferred until the next regular meeting
of the Board on September 7, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

Mr. Ben C. Sparks, General Superintendent of Galland Electric Company, appeared before
the Board to show cause why the electrical contractor's license of Galland Electric
Company should not be revoked. The License Department had reported that the Galland
Electric Company, previously licensed at 1600 North 5th Street, North Las Vegas, was
doing business at 2000 E. Fremont Street even though they had been notified that the
maintenance of a construction and storage yard at this location was not permitted.

His Honor asked Mr. Sparks if he were familiar with the complaint filed against him.

Mr. Sparks stated that on July 19, 1955, he had filed an application for a change of
location to 2000 E. Fremont Street. On July 27, he received a letter from the License
Department that he could not operate at that location. He explained to Mr. McDonald
that he could not find a suitable location to make a quick move. The Fire Department
had not approved this license because a construction yard and gasoline storage were
being maintained. On August 5; 1955, Galland Electric Company was requested to appear
before the Board concerning this violation.

Mr. Sjparks stated that they had bought land but that it would take 30 days for the
property to go through escrow and an additional 90 days for them to build.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Galland Electric Company be allowed 60 days in which
to move their construction yard and outside storage facilities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple.

Mrs. Robert Lundgren requested information as to when Highland Avenue will be repaired,
due to the fact that school will be started soon and there will be more traffic on that
Street.

Mr. George Wade, City Engineer, advised Mrs. Lundgren that city equipment will be in that
area next week.

City Engineer George Wade requested permission from the Board to proceed with the construc-
tion of South "A" Street by either force account or to negotiate unit price basis, due to the
fact that no bids were received for this construction.

PUBLIC HEARING
Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite

Z-22-55

REZONING

Z-13-55

REVOCATION OF
LICENSE
Swinging Door
Saloon

REVOCATION OF LICENSE
Galland Electric Co.

HIGHLAND AVENUE

Repair



"A" STREET
CONSTRUCTION

8-17-55