No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

MARCH 12th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 12th day of March, 1937 at the hour of two thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry City Attorney and City Clerk.

he Board at this time entered into a discussion on the Senate Bills Nos. 90 and 94 intro-
duced in the State Legislature now in session. After some consideration had teen given these bills
it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down, moved and carried that the
City Clerk at once forward telegrams to the following asking that action on these bills be delayed
as the passage and enactment of same would be harmful to the City Street Improvement now under
construction and the sale of municipal power bonds. Telegrams sent to the following, Assemblymen
Patrick Cline, R.T. Moore, Berkeley Bunker, and James Farndale, Senator Ryan, Senator Robbins,

Clerk of the Assembly and Secratary of the Senate. Said Telegrams to be followed by letters to
each of above under Order of the Board of City Commissioners and signed by the Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the City accept the officer of J. Warren Woodard for the purchase of the following described
property

"The NW½ SE¼ Section 17, T 21 S. R. 61 E. MDM" for the sum of $2500.00.
also the offer of E.A. Clark for the purchase of land located on the easterly side of the Union
Pacific Railroad and known as the Molly May Jones tract for the sum of $1500.00, and that the
City Engineer present to the	Board	proper maps of	these tracts	of land for its approval,	and	that

Mr. Woodard and Mr. Allen as agent for E.A. Clark be advised of the action of the Board.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

he Clerk presented to the Board for its consideration the plans filed by the Board of
Education for the closing of South Eight Street between Bridger and Clark Streets, and the pro-
posed construction of a parking area in that portion of the street closed.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the letter and plans be	referred to C.D.Baker	City Engineer	for	report.

Vote was Commissioners	Down,	Krause, Marble	and Perry and	His	Honor the	Mayor voting	aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that three slot machine licenses be granted to L.L. Arnett for the Big Four Club.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 15th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 15th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 15th day of March, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

A representative of the Grand Canyon Airlines appeared before the Board at this time in
regard to securing support from the City of Las Vegas in regard to the installation of a mail,
passenger and freight service between the City of Las Vegas and points in Arizona. The matter
was referred to Commissioner Marble and The City Attorney for investigation and report.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write the State Board of Health, and inform it that the City
had several sanitary problems that that would like report on before the warm weather and would
met with a representative of the Board at such time as he found convenient to visit the City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.