6.	Landscape

a.	Finish grade all lots.

b.	Lawn—front and side yards to rear of dwelling
including soil preparation.

c.	Street trees—of Hardy variety to be planted
along all streets at intervals of 40' (such
interval may be varied where driveways, etc,
interfere).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the tentative subdivision map of McNeil
property, Section 5, T21 S, R 61 E, be approved subject to the
recommendations and conditions set forth by the Planning Commission
in their letter of December 21, 1945.

1. Streets

a. Graded and surfaced—30 feet minimum paving width. City

Engineer to approve all profiles, sections and construction
to specifications.

2. Utilities—All lots shall be served with:

a.	Adequate public water supply including fire hydrants for
fire protection—Fire Chief to approve location and kind.

b.	Sewage facilities—either by City sewer or septic tank as
approved by the City Health Officer.

c.	Electrical.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark,
and carried Unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 25th day of January,
1946, executed by Ed W. Clark, a single man, A. E. Cahlan and Ruth Cahlan, his wife, and
A. C. Grant and Zora Faye Grant, his wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The vote being as follows:

E. W.	Cragin	Mayor	"Aye"

R. T.	Baskin	Commissioner	"Aye"

 C. R.	Clark	Commissioner	"Aye"

Walter Bates	Commissioner	"Aye"

A. Corradetti	Commissioner	"Aye"

Approved the 7th day of March, 1946.

Commissioner Bates moved that pursuant to the recommendation of
the Planning Commission the City Clerk is hereby directed to post
notice of intention to vacate that certain property, described as
follows:

Being that portion of alley lying along the easterly side of the
north-south alley in block 2 Pioneer Heights Addition to the City
of Las Vegas as shown on plat of said Addition at Page 35 in Book
I of Plats in the records of Clark County, Nevada, described as
follows:

Beginning in the easterly side of said alley in Block 2 at a
point distant 190 feet along said alley, N. 27° 45' E., from
the northerly boundary of Carson Street; thence N. 21° 21' 34"

E. 100.63 feet to a point 11.2 feet westerly from the easterly
side of said alley; thence parallel to said alley, N. 27° 45'

E. 93.71 feet to a point in the boundary line between the said
Pioneer Heights Addition and Bucks Subdivision as shown on Plat
of said subdivision ay Page 15 in Book 1 of Plats in the 

records of Clark County, Nevada, at the easterly side of 

existing north-south alley between Lot "F" and Lot "G" in said Bucks
Subdivision; thence along the said boundary line between Pioneer
Heights Addition and Bucks Subdivision N. 88° 41' E. 12.81 feet
to a point at the easterly side of said alley in Block 2 of
Pioneer Heights addition; thence S. 27° 45' W. 199.94 feet along
the easterly side of said alley to the point of beginning. 

Containing an area of 0.0374 acres, more of less.

This vacation was recommended with the following proviso:

DELKIN PROPERTY
Notice to Vacate
Order Posted

RECOMMENDATION ACCEPTING
DEED

Police Station Site

McNEIL PROPERTY—
Tentative Subdivision
map—Approved