NORTH 5th STREET
IMPROVEMENT
Realignment

COUNTY SEWER CONNECT-
ION

Proposed Agreement

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
PROJECT

COUNTY SEWER CONNECTION
Proposed Agreement
t

GOLF COURSE IMPROVEMENT
9-Hole Extension
Bid

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Board of Commissioners
Voting on Licenses
J

BID NO. 53.23 Rodding
Machine

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NOS.
100-11 & 100-18
Bond Bide

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
7th day of July, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M.
Baker with the following members present:

Vegas, Nevada held this
by His Honor Mayor C.D.

MAYOR

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Attorney
Acting City Mgr.
City Clerk

C.D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

Howard W. Cannon
A.H. Kennedy
Shirley Ballinger

The following members of the Clark County Board of Commissioners were also present:

Commissioner
Commissioner
District Atty.

Rodney Colton
George Albright
Roger Foley

At this time Mr. Larry Chambers, right of way Agent for the State Highway Department, was
present to discuss the matter of securing the necessary rights of way for the proposed
realignment of North 5th Street. This is a cooperative project in which the City of Las
Vegas has agreed to secure said rights of way. Mr. Chambers explained that there was
approximately sixteen property owners involved and he estimated that it would cost the
City approximately $10,000.00 if a uniform method of condemnation were used. Discussion
was held on the matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Chambers, acting on behalf of the City, be
authorized to proceed with negotiations for securing rights of way on North 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George Albright, representing the Clark County Board of Commissioners was present at
this time to discuss the proposed agreement between the County and City for the connection
of the County to our sewerage system. The redrafted agreement was presented by the City
Attorney Howard W. Cannon and thereafter Mr. Albright asked for time to look this document
over before discussion continued.

Mr. Simon Perliter, engineer for the proposed City-Wide sewer improvement program appeared
before the Board at this time and presented the plans and specifications for the first
portion of this project. The Board entered into discussion on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the plans for the first portion of the sewer
improvement program be accepted and ordered filed, and authorization for publication of the
notice to contractors requesting bids for the construction of said improvement be given,
said bids to be opened on August 5, 1953, at 7:30 P.M.

Members of the Board of Clark County Commissioners returned to the meeting to discuss the
proposed agreement on the use of the sewer system. Further discussion followed and it was
agreed that the individual Boards should confer with their Attorneys regarding all phases of
this proposed agreement, and as soon as a compilation of said conferences has been secured
they will meet again to discuss and make any necessary decision on the matter.

Mr. Bell, architect for the proposed installation of the 9 hole golf course along with Mr.
Charlie Teel and Mr. James Henderson, representatives of the Las Vegas Golf Association and
Mr. Kenneth Hadland, Park Superintendent, were present at this time concerning the bids
received for this improvement at a regular meeting of the Board held July 1, 1953.

Discussion followed, and the City Manager was instructed to contact the low bidder, Longley
Construction Co., to verify the estimated starting and completion time, and report back to
the Commission.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE MAYOR AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS FROM VOTING ON MATTERS IN WHICH THEY HAVE OR MAY
HAVE A PECUNIARY INTEREST DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATING
THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple for recommendation.

Acting City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented the tabulation on the bids received July 1, 1953
for a rodding machine for the sewer plant. Discussion was held.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that all bids be rejected and readvertisement for bids
for this machine be given, said bids to be opened as soon as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Attorney reported on the bids received from F.T. Boise and T.D. Morris & Co., for
bonds for Assessment District Nos. 100-11 & 100-18. Mr. Cannon advised the Board that Mr.
Morris had indicated that he would be willing to stipulate a bid of on each of the issues.

7-7-53