Commissioner Bunker moved the suspension of the gaming license of the El Rio Club
be lifted as of January 3, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 3800 through 4338 in the net
amount of $75,645.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 9015 through 9160 in
the total amount of $315,437.62 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Minutes of December 19 and 27, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the personal bond from John Pappas, Floy A. Gibson and M.

M. Sweeney in the amount of $5,248.00 be approved subject to this bond being signed by
sureties satisfactory to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the petition appealing the approval of the use permit granted
the Catholic Church to build a parochial school, auditorium and rectory on Alta Drive.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing be held on this appeal on January 16, 1957
at the hour of 8:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Conven-
tion Hall Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase order in the amount of $8,870.40
to Clark County for the repairing of East Charleston Boulevard, as damaged by City
contractor, Charles J. Dorfman on the outfall sewer line.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and a purchase order in the amount
of $8,870.40 issued to Clark County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of purchase orders in the amount of $2,048.50
for the purchase of camera equipment for the Police Department to be used conjunction
with other City Departments.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and purchase orders issued for
the purchase of camera equipment by the Police Department in the amount of $2,048.50.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that there would be a meeting on January 11, 1957
at 7:30 P.M. in the Mayor's Office with members of the Legislature to discuss proposed
City legislation.

Mr. Kennedy reported that for some time the City has not charged licenses for slot
machines or games in private clubs. He explained that lately slot machine operators
have been placing machines in the Clubs and requested permission to advise these Clubs
that if this is the practice, license fees will have to be paid.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to establish three maintenance repairmen
positions in the Maintenance Department. He explained that at the present time they
are classified as skilled laborers and the City is losing employees to the Schools
and other agencies that pay more money.

Commissioner Bunker moved that three maintenance repairmen prositions be established
in the Maintenance Department in place of three skilled laborer positions, to be
classified under Schedule 21.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that bids had been received for the new pump for the
Golf Course Well and requested that City Engineer Wade report on the tabulation.

Mr. Wade advised the Commission that the lowest bid was that of S. R. McKinney in
the amount of $3,395.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid for the pump for the Golf Course Well be awarded
to S. R. McKinney in the amount of $3,395.00 subject to the posting of a performance
bond.

EL RIO CLUB
Suspension Lifted

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PAPPAS GIBSON SWEENEY
Bond

USE PERMIT U-43-56
Catholic Church
Public Hearing Set

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Liquor



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Convention Hall

CHARLESTON BLVD. REPAIR
CAMERA EQUIPMENT

LEGISLATIVE CHANGES

PRIVATE CLUB
GAMING LICENSES

MAINTENANCE REPAIRMEN
POSITIONS

GOLF COURSE PUMP