OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

MARCH 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held this 2nd day of March, 1921. Present, Hie Honor, the Mayor, W. E . Ferron,
and members Howard Conklin, Lou Martin and the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this board.

It appearing to the Board that fees for licences (entitling individuals, companies or corporations
to conduct businesses within the city of Las Vegas, in accordance with Ordinance #74,) are not paid 
promptly at he first of each quarter because of the fact that said individuals, companies and cor-
porations are accustomed to wait for the City Clerk to collect same. The Board believing that this
practice unnecessarily wastes the time of the City Clerk and that it does not encourage promptness in
the payment of licenses, it was ordered, upon motion duly made by Commissioner Martin and seconded by
Commissioner Conklin and unanimously carried, that the City Clerk should and is hereby ordered at the
first of each and every quarter to mail notices of fees due for licenses from the various individuals,
companies and corporations doing business in the city of Las Vegas, and that remittance, either by
mail or in person should be made to the city Clerk promptly upon receipt of said notice. The vote
upon said motion being as follows, Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Conklin Aye, and his Honor
the Mayor voting aye, noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the board the application of James Nimock, City Plumbing Inspector
whereupon it was ordered by the board, upon notion duly made by Commissioner Conklin and seconded by
Commissioner Martin and unanimously carried, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to cause to be
printed for distribution two hundred and fifty copies of Ordinance no. 36 known as the Plumbing Ordinance
together with subsequent amendments. The vote upon said motion being as follows: Commissioner Martin,
aye, Commissioner Conklin aye, and his Honor the Mayor, voting aye. Nones none.

At this time the Clerk opened the bids for the disposal of garbage, under Ordinance #80, in compliance
with the Notice to Bidders published in the Las Vegas Age, as directed at the last meeting of this Board.
Thereupon only one bid being submitted, that of R. J. Oppedyk, who agreed to fulfill the provisions of the
Ordinance for the sum of $75.00 per month for a term of one (1), two (2), three (3), four (4) or five (5)
years. Thereupon it appearing to the board that Mr. Oppedyk's bid is first and reasonable it was ordered
upon motion duly made by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Conklin, and unanimously carried,
that the contract for the hauling and disposal of garbage, under Ordinance #80 be granted to the above
mentioned R. J. Oppedyk for the term of two years, upon this filing bond in the sum of 

One Thousand Dollars provided that the contract be drawn up by the City	

Attorney and first submitted to the members of this Board for their approval. The vote upon the above
was as follows: to wit Commissioner Conklin, aye, Commissioner Martin, aye and his Honor the mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

It appearing to the Board that this is the time for considering the election to be held for the pur-
pose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners, whereupon after a discussion on said matter the follow-
ing resolution was adopted, Resolved that

"Under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a general elect-
ion shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, every odd numbered year dating from
the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1913, and it appearing therefrom that a General Election
for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1921,
and the matter coming up regularly to be heard and arrangements made therefor, on motion duly made and
carried, the following resolutions were adopted, to-wit:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held, at the City Fire	

House, situated on lot 23, block 15, of Clark s Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for	

voting precinct No. One and at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage situate on lot 27 in block 29, of Clark's Las

Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for voting precinct No. two, on the 3rd. day of May,

1921, for the election of a Mayor and four commissioners; that the polls be opened at 8 o'clock a.m.