Office of the City Clerk	

Las Vegas, Nevada, August 4th, 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nev,
held on the above mentioned date pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with
Commissioners Elwell, Ball and Hicks present, F.E. Matzdorf being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All reports read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of Peter Callan for a transfer
of retail liquor license heretofore issued to Guy and Elwell conducted in the building known as the
Lincoln Hotel in said City on Main street of said City, whereupon after due consideration upon
the part of the Board and it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that the said Peter Callan
is a fit and proper person to have issued to him a retail liquor license in said City of Las Vegas
Nevada, it is therefore upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and
duly carried ordered that a permit and right is hereby granted to the said Peter Callan to take over
the permit heretofore issued to the said Guy and Elwell of said City for the term as specified in
said permit namely January 1st, A.D. 1916. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:—
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
Noes. None.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request from A.L. Smith requesting that the Board
of City Commissioner grant to him the said A.L. Smith the permission and right to sell house number
signs in said City at a nominal price and in and for said consideration the said Smith does agree
to place street signs on all the streets corners in said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Las Vegas Nev.
Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be and
the same is hereby turned over to the Commissioner of Streets and Public property to do as he sees
git and proper in the premises.

The Clerk then presented a petition to the Commissioners from J.H. Ladd of said City requesting
that three additional street lights be placed on the corner of ninth, tenth, and eleventh, street
on Fremont street in said City, and it appearing to the Board that said lights is to the benefit of
the citizens of said City it is upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell
and duly carried ordered that said street light and the same are hereby ordered erected as 
prayed for in said petition, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Fire Chief of the Las Vegas fire Department H.M. Lillis requested the Board for
the right and privilege of said Fire department in said City to use the Vault in the City Hall
building for the use of said fire Company so that they may store there uniforms and other effect.
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said right and privilege be and
the same is hereby granted to said Fire Company.

The Clerk than presented to the Board a petition from the property owners of said City situated
in what is known as the McWilliams original townsite Las Vegas Nevada requesting the Board of
City Commissioners to install and extend the sewer and water system of said City over and onto said
townsite, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the
Board that there is not sufficient funds in said City Treasurer to comply with said petition it
was ordered that said petition be and the same is hereby denied.