OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

			CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 2,1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, hold on the 2nd day of September, A.D. 1924. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners
F.E. Matzdorf and A.R. Anderson, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham and the City Clerk, Com-
missioners W.H. Elwell and C.R. Shield being absent.

At this time it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner 
Matzdorf, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, the 3rd day of September, A.D. 1924, at the hour
of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, and His Honor
the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 3,1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of September, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf and A.R.
Anderson, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham, and the City Clerk, Commissioner s C.R. Shield
and W.H. Elwell being absent.

Minutes of the last regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no omissions
or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board: excepting the
following which were held up for further investigation: the claim of the O.K. Plumbing and Sheet

Metal Works, in the sum of $26.42; the claim of the Arcade grocery in the sum of $15.05; the claim
of the Pacific Pipe and Tank Co. in the sum of $1066.80; the claim of the United States Rubber
Co. in the sum of $40.00.

The matter of securing lights for Old Town came up for discussion, and the proposition of
the Consolidated Power Company that said company be allowed the use of the poles for a period
of twenty years, in return for which said company would maintain said poles during such period
of time was rejected.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Tuesday the 7th day of October,

A.D. 1924.