COUNTY FIRE PROTECTION
Service Discontinued

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING

Anthony Magrini

PUBLIC HEARING

REZONING

Messrs. Stocks,
Spizzere &

Gustafson

6-2-54

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 2, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 2nd day of June, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	George	H.	Rounthwaite

Assistant City Manager Robert	W.	Notti

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved Payroll Warrants #6035 through #6459 in the net amount
of $54,481.59 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants #52112 and #52115
to #52201 inclusive and #52203 to #52282 inclusive in the total amount of
$65,143.53 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Minutes of May 5, 10, 13, 18, 19 and 26, 1954
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
Anthony Magrini to rezone a portion of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 27, T20S,

R61E, from R-1 to R-4, the matter was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. There were no
objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this application for rezoning be approved
and a portion of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 27; T20S, R61E, be rezoned from
R-1 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of the public hearing on
the application of Messrs. Stocks, Spizzere and Gustafson to rezone a portion of
the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 35; T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-3 to C-2, the matter
was considered by the Board.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this proposed rezoning. There
were no objections voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Messrs. Stocks, Spizzere and
Gustafson to rezone a portion of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 35; T20S, R61E,

MDB&M from R-3 to C-2 be approved.

At this time, there was a question of whether or not the alley which runs parallel
with Fremont in this property had been dedicated and accepted.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker withdrew his motion.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager's letter to the Clark County Commis-
sioners terminating fire protection service in the County Area, effective May 31;
1954 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting
adjourned.