Las Vegas, Nevada
April 17, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 17th day of April, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M., by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of Bonanza Terrace and
advised the Commission that this is a 6½ acre subdivision located between Washington,
Adams, J and N Streets. Mr. Bills stated that the proposed subdivision was approved
subject to the following conditions:

1.	Acquisition of sufficient additional property at the west end of the
subdivision (approximately 60 feet) to permit the dedication of a
prolongation of N Street between Washington and Adams as a 50 foot street.

2.	The vacation of M Street between Washington and Adams.

3.	Submission of a letter from the School District indicating that the Sub-
divider's obligation to the School District has been satisfied.

The representative of the Bonanza Terrace Subdivision was advised to check the City
Ordinance concerning the minimum square feet on buildings in this area.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the tentative map of Bonanza Terrace approved subject to the conditions
set forth by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bills presented the petition of Burley M. Jones for the vacation of M Street be-
tween Washington and Adams Streets and stated that this petition had been approved
by the Planning Commission subject to the dedication of N Street as indicated in
the recommendation on Bonanza Terrace Subdivision.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on the petition for the vacation of M
Street between Washington and Adams Streets, be held on May 22, 1957 at 8:00 P.M.
and the notice of said hearing posted as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commis-
sion on the petition of Otis and Florence Harris for the vacation of the southerly
35 feet of the east lll.42 feet of the West l50.42 feet of the North 996.06 feet
of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28-20-61, generally described as a portion of
Jackson Avenue between N Street and Highland Avenue. Mr. Bills advised the Commission
that this petition had been approved by the Planning Commission as being in accord
with the general plan for this area, which recommends the closure of all cross-
streets connecting N Street with Highland Avenue between Owens and Washington, with
the exception of Madison Avenue.

Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing on the petition for the vacation of a por-
tion of Jackson Avenue, between N Street and Highland Avenue, be held on May 22, 1957
at 8:00 P.M., and the notice of said hearing posted as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Milton Press for a Use Permit to
erect a sign ninety-eight (98') feet high on the north side of Fremont, between
1st and 2nd Streets (Lots 13 through 17, Block 15, CLVT, in a C-S zone. Mr. Bills
advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment had approved this application
as being in accord with existing signs in the area.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for Use Permit be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 17th day of April, 1957, having considered the applica-
tion of Milton Prell for use permit to erect a sign ninety-eight (98') feet high on
the north side of Fremont, between 1st and 2nd Streets (Lots 13 through 17, Block 15,
CLVT), in a C-S zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Milton Prell
for use permit to erect a sign ninety-eight (98') feet high on the north side of
Fremont between 1st and 2nd Street, in a C-S zone be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting: Commis-
sioner Sharp. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

BONANZA TERRACE
Tentative Map

PETITION FOR VACATION
OF M STREET
Public Hearing Set

PETITION FOR VACATION
OF A PORTION OF JACKSON
AVENUE

Public Hearing Set

USE PERMIT -U-3-57
The Mint Sign