NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the recom-
mendation of the Board of Adjustment denying the application of Betsy
Gray to operate a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston be approved
and this application denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Mayor Baker explained to Mrs. Gray that she has the right to appeal this
decision within ten days.

Traffic Engineer Al Bossi presented a map of the area surrounding the
Las Vegas High School and explained the proposed cooperative project of
the City and School authorities to control student traffic movements.

Mr. Bossi explained that during the morning and afternoon breaks and
lunch hours the students drive their cars around the school causing quite
a problem. Mr. Bossi stated that he and the Traffic Division of the
Police Department are assisting the School in this matter and have re-
designed the parking lot to allow for twenty-two additional parking
spaces.

Mr. Bossi explained that the program provides for the issuance of permits
to students who drive cars to school, specific parking places, and the
vehicles will not be permitted to leave during school hours without
special permission.

The Commission indicated approval of this project on a trial basis,
which would establish 2 hour parking zones on the residential side of
the streets surrounding the school. The Board further requested the
City Manager to write a letter to the School authorities suggesting that
acquisition of additional property for parking be secured.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission the contract with Wells-Cargo
for the installation of paving on South "A" Street between Charleston and
Main Street has been completed and a notice of completion filed. Mr.

Hansen stated it was the recommendation of the Engineering Department that
this contract be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Fountain moved the paving of South "A" Street be accepted
and the bond of Wells-Cargo on this project released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the request of Ideal Asphalt, contractor for the
installation of alley approaches in connection with the Assessment District
No. 100-36 on the Westside.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Board the delay is due to inability to
schedule the work to be performed by the City, which was commenced on
September 30th. Mr. Hansen recommended that a thirty day extension be
granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Ideal Asphalt for extension of
30 days for the installation of alley approaches in Assessment District
No. 100-36 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the Subdivider on Virginia Manor No. 2
has not contacted the City nor posted a bond to cover the construction of
the access street, Van Buren Avenue between "N" Street and Highland Drive.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Solicitation
Permits as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

LAS VEGAS FIREMEN'S BENEFIT ASSN.

LAS VEGAS BRANCH OF NATIONAL LEAGUE OF AMERICAN PEN WOMEN
SENIOR GIRL SCOUTS TROOP #47
RAINBOW GIRLS MOTHERS CLUB

WOMAN'S SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN SERVICE OF GRIFFITH
METHODIST CHURCH

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Resolution No. 9 of the Traffic and Parking
Commission recommending amendment to the Vehicle and Traffic Code be approved
and the City Attorney authorized to prepare an ordinance to take care of these
amendments.

SCHOOL PARKING &

TRAFFIC PROJECT

SOUTH "A" STREET
PAVING

Acceptance & Bond

Release



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Alley Approaches

Extension of Time

VIRGINIA MANOR #2

Report



CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS
Approved

AMENDMENT TO VEHICLE
& TRAFFIC CODE
Ordinance to be Prepared