OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

The Board next considered the appointment of a Municipal Judge, and on motion of Commissioner Arnold,
seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered that Henry M. Lillis be appointed Municipal Judge, at
a salary of $50.00 per month, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good
and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and upon his taking the oath of office required by law.
Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson and Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The appointment of a Plumbing Inspector coming on before the Board, it was ordered on motion of
Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield that Chas. A. Gibbs be appointed Plumbing Inspector
under the same arrangement with regard to fees as that which has heretofore been followed; said appoint-
ment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00
and upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold,
and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The Board then took up the discussion of the appointment of a City Marshall and Fire Chief. The
applications of the following persons were submitted and considered, to-wit: James Clarke, Leo.

A. Crowley, D.L. Moye Joe May, W.H. Morrison and A.W. Woody . After due consideration, the name of Leo
A. Crowley was placed in nomination by Commissioner Shield, and seconded by Commissioner Anderson.

It was then ordered, on motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson and His Honor
the Mayor W.C. German Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the name of Leo A. Crowley was placed before the Board for appointment to
the position of City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas, at a salary of $150.00 per month, said appoint-
ment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00,
and upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold,
Anderson and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that
Leo A. Crowley be and he is hereby appointed Fire Chief at a salary of $20.00 per month. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Shield, , Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold, that former City Marshall A.W. Woody be directed to turn over to the new City Marshall Leo.

A. Crowley all keys and other property belonging to the City of Las Vegas. Voting Commissioners Shield
Elwell, Arnold and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of F.A. Stevens as City Attorney in the sum of
$1,000.00 with W.E. Hawkins and A.S. Henderson as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that
the same is a good and sufficient bond , it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold, that said bond be and the same is hereby approved, and F.A. Stevens having
taken the oath of office , it is hereby declared that he has duly qualified for the office of City
Attorney. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold and Anderson, and Mayor German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, it was ordered that
the regular meetings of this Board shall be held on the first Tuesday of every month at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Shield, Arnold, Elwell, and Anderson an mayor German Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of Henry M. Lillis as Municipal Judge in the sum
of $1,000.00 with W.E. Hawkins and Ed. Von Tobel as sureties thereon, and it appearing that the same
is a good and sufficient bond, and that Henry M. Lillis has taken the oath of office required by law,
it is hereby ordered that said bond be and the same is approved, and it is farther ordered that
the said Henry M. Lillis having duly qualified may now assume the duties of the office of Municipal
Judge of the City of Las Vegas. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson, and His
Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the bond of Leo A. Crowley as City Marshall of the City of
Las Vegas, in the sum of $1,000.00 with W.I. Roberts and S.M. Elwell as sureties thereon, and it