Commissioner Sharp moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 8726 through 8870
in the total amount of $278,371.70 he approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of November 21, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

The City Attorney presented a revised Easement to be given the City of Las Vegas
for the proposed "A" Street, north of Charleston Boulevard.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

Proposed agreement between Union Pacific Railroad Company and City of Las
Vegas whereby the Railroad Company grants to the City of Las Vegas and easement
and right of way for highway purposes, including the right to construct, install
and thereafter maintain, sewers and storm drains and to grant to others the right
to install and maintain pole lines and pipe lines over, along and across portions
of Section 33 and 34; Township 20 South, Range 6l East, MDB&M., City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has said
proposed agreement before it and has given it careful review and consideration; and

WHEREAS, it is considered that the best interest of said City of Las Vegas
will be subserved ty the acceptance of said agreement;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF TEE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS

That the terms of the agreement submitted by the Railroad Company as aforesaid
be, and the same are hereby accepted in behalf of said City;

That the Mayor of Said City is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to
execute said agreement on behalf of said City, and that the City Clerk of said
City is hereby authorized and directed to attest said agreement and to attach to
each duplicate original of said agreement a certified copy of this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor Pro Tem be authorized to sign a letter to the
Board of Clark County Commissioners protesting the inclusion of any City owned
property in any unincorporated town, and the following resolution adopted:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, a petition has been filed with the Board of Commissioners of Clark
County, petitioning for the establishment of an unincorporated town east of the
present City limits of the City of Las Vegas, and in the area which sometime shortly
will be sought to be annexed by the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, in the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
the establishment of unincorporated towns is contrary to the public interest and
is an unnecessary burden on the taxpayers of the County of Clark, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, the establishment of unincorporated towns without a valid reason is
detrimental to the growth and development of incorporated cities, and is not in
the public welfare,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of December, 1956, that
this Board establishes of record its opposition to the creation of any additional
unincorporated towns near the City limits of the incorporated City of Las Vegas,
and in any areas near said City which in the foreseeable future would provide for
the extension of the boundaries of the incorporated City of Las Vegas.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of December, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that he had notified the Palm Funeral
Home about its delinquent bill on November 19, 1956, and it was suggested that
they be given a full thirty days before proceedings are taken to collect this ac-
count. He stated that he would make a further report at the next regular meeting
of the Commission.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had received a request from Gerald and Vaughn
Leavitt, through their attorneys, Earl & Earl, for the City to vacate the triangular
parcel of land which is a portion of South 3rd and Utah, which lies in front of the
Lincoln Market. Mr. Kennedy recommended that parking meters be installed in this
area. No action was taken on this matter.

12-5-56

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

A STREET EASEMENT

RESOLUTION -
Protest Unincorporated
Cities

PALM FUNERAL HOME

VACATION OF PROPERTY
3rd & Utah