VARIANCE APPLICATION
Lee V. Rosser
Approved

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Irvin & Gladys Stephens

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Mel Schroeder
Approved

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Levis & Katie Abrahams

The Application of Lee V. Rosser for a variance to authorize the conversion of a
single family residence into a duplex at 1601 East Stewart, as recommended by the
Board of Adjustment, vas considered at this time by the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting held the 7th day of July, 1954, having considered the application of Lee
V. Rosser for a variance to authorize the conversion of a single family residence
into a duplex at 1601 East Stewart; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment recommending
approval of this application.

NOW THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Lee V.

Rosser for a variance to authorize the conversion of a single family residence into
a duplex be and the same is hereby approved and the inspection departments are
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett stated that he wrote the insurance for the Rosser's.

 The application of Irvin & Gladys Stephens for a variance to complete and maintain
a duplex dwelling on front of the lot and a single family dwelling on the rear of
the lot located at 316 North 14th Street, as recommended by the Board of Adjustment,
was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting held the 7th day of July, 1954, having considered the application of
Irvin A. and Gladys Stephens for a variance to complete and maintain a duplex dwelling
on front of the lot and a single family dwelling on the rear of the lot located at
316 North 14th Street; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment recommending
approval of this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board of Commissioners that the applica-
tion of Irvin and Gladys Stephens for a variance to complete and maintain a duplex
dwelling on front of the lot and a single family dwelling on the rear of the lot at
316 North 14th Street be and the same is hereby approved and the inspection
departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The application of Mel Schroeder for a variance to construct a single family
residence to be located 4 feet less than the required 17 feet from the rear property
line on Lot 61, Block 5, Charleston Heights No. 1, as recommended by the Board
of Adjustment, was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting held this 7th day of July, 1954, having considered the application of
Mel Schroeder for a variance to construct a single family residence 4 feet less
than the required 17 feet from the rear property line on Lot 61, Block 5, Charleston
Heights No. 1; and

The Board having considered the decision of the Board of Adjustment recommending
approval of this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mel
Schroeder for a variance to construct a single family residence 4 feet less
than the required 17 feet from the rear property line at Lot 61, Block
Charleston Heights No. 1 be and the same is hereby approved and the inspection
departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The application of Lewis J. and Katie Abrahams for a variance to construct and
maintain an addition to an existing motel to within 6 feet of the front property
line where 12 feet is required at 1919 East Fremont, as recommended by the Board of
Adjustment, was considered at this time.

An appeal on the denial of this application by the Board of Adjustment was filed
with the City Clerk on this date.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved to hold this matter in abeyance until July 9, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

7-7-54