Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; Commissioner
Fountain voting no as he was of the opinion this was too fast. Absent:	Mayor C. D.

Baker.

NO-PARKING ZONE	Commissioner Fountain moved that the recommendation of the Traffic	and Parking 

West Charleston	Commission for an installation of a no-parking zone on the north side	of West Charleston

Blvd. from the underpass west to a point 50' west of Highland Avenue be approved.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye:
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

VACATION PETITION	Commissioner Fountain moved that a vacation petition received from	Harland and

North 15th Street	Louise Dudley, Guy and Eileen Washburn, A. G. and Billie Williams,	Fortunato and

Maria Covello, and L. S. Rost for the vacation of a portion of North 15th Street
Referred to	as shown on the Plat of Mayfair Tract #3 Amended, which has not been used for

Planning Department	public street purposes for the past three years, be referred to the Planning

Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

TRAFFIC PATTERN	Commissioner Fountain moved that the recommendation of the	Traffic and	Parking

Carson and Ogden	Commission that there be no change in the traffic pattern on Ogden and	Carson

Streets be held in abeyance.

Held in Abeyance

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:20 p.m. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of
8:35 p.m. with all members present as of the opening session.

-oOo-

BID NO. 59.23	Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 59.32, Street Repair	Contract be	awarded to

Street Repair Contract	H. W. Polk, General Contractor, on the basis of a minimum	call charge	of $15.00

per call and a total amount of $19,335.00.

Award

H. W. Polk	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID NO. 59.25	Commissioner	Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.25, Automatic Sprinkling	System 

Automatic Sprinkling	adjacent to Hyde	Park Pool, be awarded to Sprinkler Sales and Service, 4125 West

System Adjacent to	Charleston Boulevard, Las Vegas, in the lump sum amount of $4,051.47.

Hyde Park Pool

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Award	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;

Sprinkler Sales	noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

and Service

BID NO. 59.27	Commissioner	Fountain moved that Bid No. 59.27, Automotive Tires and	Tubes, be

Automotive Tires	     and	awarded to Ted Wiens Automotive Center, 1701 South 5th Street, on the	basis of low

Tubes	bid.

Award	Motion seconded	by Commissioner	Sharp	and	carried	by	the 	following	vote:	

Ted Wiens Auto 	Center               Commissioners Elwell,	Fountain, Sharp	and	His	Honor	Mayor Pro	Tem	Whipple	voting	aye;

noes, none. Absent: Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID NO. 59.31	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Public Works Department that

Gasoline	Bid No. 59.31 for Gasoline for the period from July 1, 1959 to June 30, 1960, be

awarded to the Texas Company, 1001 West Bonanza, Las Vegas; premium gasoline at a
All	Bids Rejected	unit price of .2449 per gallon.

Approved Extension of                 Director of Public Works Richard Sauer stated that there were six bids received and
Existing Contract	the second lowest was received from the Union Oil Company at a unit price of .2527

per gallon.

Mr. Joe Conroy of the Union Oil Company spoke to the Commission with reference to
their alternate bid at a unit price of .2277 per gallon which he stated was over
the specification required in the invitation to bid.

Mr. Glenn Burroughs of the Texas Company also addressed the Commission stating that
his company had bid on premium gasoline as had all of the rest of the bidders with
the exception of this alternate submitted by the Union Oil Company. He added that
if an alternate bid had been called for his company would have submitted one also.

After some discussion Commissioner Fountain moved that all bids received for Bid
No. 59.31, Gasoline, be rejected and instructed the Public Works Department to 
readvertise for new bids with a definite specification for the gasoline required.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved City Manager be allowed to negotiate to extend the existing
contract with the Union Oil Company to provide for gasoline supply until such time
as new bids were received and an award made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

7-1-59