

have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel,
Mayor protem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

The question having the foregoing ordances printed as by law provided, it was upon motion
of Commissioner Coughlin, and seconded Stewart that the City Clerk be instructed to let the
printing of City ordances to the lowest Bidder. carried. vote cast Von Tobel Mayor protem, aye.
Coughlin, aye , Stewart aye, McGovern aye, .

The question setting aside a sum of money for the street Commissioner for work upon the
streets of the City of Las vegas coming on before the Board, it was upon motion of Stewart and
seconded by Mc Govern that the sum of $250.00 be set aside for the use of the Commissioner of
streets for said City, the same being put to a vote resulted as follows towit:- Stewart aye ,
Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, Von Tobel Mayor protem aye,

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner McGovern reported to the Board that the County
Commissioners of the County of Clark, would feed house and care for the City prisioners of the
City of Las vegas, for the sum of fifty cents per day, the same to constute two meals per day
at the rate of twenty five cents. a meal. It was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by McGovern and duly carried that the Board of City Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, do
accept the term of the County Commissioner of Clark County. for the feeding and houseing and
careing of all City prisioners. vote cast as follows. Stewrt aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye,
Von Tobel, Mayor protem aye.

The question of fire protection for said City coming on before the Board, it was upon

motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart, and duly carried that there be two hose Compies

organized to be know as hose Company No. 1. and hose Company No. 2. to be composed of ten men
each, including a captian, and nine men. an further that each hose company shall hold a
meeting each and every month, at the fire house of the respective companies. and for such service
rendered that the Captains of said Company will reseive fornsuch services the sum of two doll-
ars for each meeting each month, and the other member of the team to receive the sum of one
dollars each for such meeting attended, but that no sum or part of said money will be paid
to any member of said teams unless in actual attendance at said meeting, and appear upon the
roll of said Secretary of said company as being the e in person, and further that for each and
every fire attended the Captain shall receive the sum of $3.00 and the other members of the

team the sum of $2.00, but in no instance will any moneys be paid to any member of the aforesaid teams when they are not in actual attendance at slid fire, And be it further resolved that the

sum of five dollars will be paid to any one in said City with a team or horsen or conveance

of any kind who shall haul any one of the aforesaid hose carts to any fire shall receive the sum
of five dollars. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart Aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye,
Von Tobel. Mayor protem aye.

The question of fire protection for the school building coming on before the Board, it
was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Fire commissioner be instructed to see
the Las vegas Land and water Company, relative to the fire protection of said building in the
way of installing hydrants in and around said building.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded
by Coughlin, and duly carried ordered that the Board adjurne untill the next regular meeting to be held, August 2nd, A.D. 1911.