SECTION 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when
collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement
assessment District No. 100-18 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund", and as such shall
at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the
payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be here-
after authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying part the cost or
expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improve-
ments for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose
until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said
Ex-officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio
City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment roll, by United States of America
mail, that an assessment has been levied against said person and the designated property
in Said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-19, and shall state therein when
and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 17. That all action (Not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance)
heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward
the paving, curbing, guttering end otherwise improving certain streets and parts of streets
in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-18 toward the creation of said District,
and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and
the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions, and ordinances, or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be
confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of
any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall
not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any
other instance.

SECTION 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that
it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby
declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 21. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive
weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately
following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of December, 1952.



C.D. Baker_____________

Mayor

(SEA L)

CITY CLERK

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being upon
the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following results:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner Bunker
. .. commissioner jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
Those voting "Nay" None

Absent:	Mayor Baker

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Jarrett, that all rules of
this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance
at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage
and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Mayor Baker