STREET	The report of M. E. Leavitt, Street Superintendent was read. Commissioner

DEPARTMENT	Tinch moved that the truck at the disposal plant be turned over to the

 Street Department for use in carrying shop equipment. The truck to also
haul food to the dogs at the dog pound, and to carry away dead dogs.

Motion, seconded by Commissioner Smith. After some discussion, Commissioner
Tinch withdrew his motion with the consent of the second. The matter was
ordered investigated ana a report made at the next regular meeting.

GRASS SEED	Several invitations to bid on grass were sent out, but only one returned

BID	from Porter and Walton, who submitted the following prices. Two hundred

Golf Course	pounds of Red Grass at 16¢ a pound, two hundred pounds of Coo’s Best Grass

seed at 65¢ a pound, two hundred ponnds of Perennial Rye Grass at 21½¢ a
pound. Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of Porter and Walton be 

  accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, None. Commissioner Smith passed..Motion carried.

STREET	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for traffic lacquer. Two 

DEPARTMENT	hundred and fifty gallons of white. Two hundred and fifty gallons of yellow.

Bids on traffic	 One hundred gallons of red or a substitute. Further that Mr. Leavitt 

lacquer	furnish a list of all tools needed to the purchasing agent on bids to let, 

or same not to exceed $50.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion Carried.

ENGINEERING	The report of the City Engineer was read and filed. Commissioner Clark

DEPARTMENT	moved that the City Engineer be authorized to notify property owners to

Report	 move their fences back to the property line. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

INSPECTORS	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for cars for the plumbing, and

CARS	building Inspectors. Motion died for the want of a second. The Mayor 

Bids	instructed the Inspectors to turn in gas and repair bills, incurred while

on duty for the City.

CLAIM	Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of Frank Peabody for $14.66, and

Frank Peabody	the claim of E. C. Hormick for $12.66 be allowed. Motion seconded by

E. C. Hormick	 Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and H is Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion
carried.

CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of Nevada Electric covering a radio

Nevada Electric	 for the Police Department for the sum of $34.95 be allowed. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None.

Motion carried.

CLAIM	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of the Connelly Electric Co. for

Connelly Electric    the sum of $30.35 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and

Co.    carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

CITY JAIL	Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for fifty blankets for the City

BIDS	Jail. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following

Blankets	vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

POLICE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for forms recommended by	the

DEPARTMENT	F.B.I. to establish a new system for the Police Department. This bid to

F.B.I. Form	 cover the following 25,000 of Form 1, 5,000 of Form 2, and 2,500 of Form

5. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye, Noes, N one. Motion carried.

FILING CABINET	Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for filing cabinet to accomadate

the foregoing forms. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. N oes, None. Motion carried.

TAVERN	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board of City Commissioners meet	with

Closing	Hours	the County Commissioners, Saturday, December the Fifth, at 4:00 P.M.,	to

   go over the matter of establishing opening and closing hours for gambling
and liquor houses. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

J. R. HEMPHILL	Commissioner Smith moved that J. R. Hemphill be appointed Auditor and Pur-

City Auditor	chasing Agent for the City of Las Vegas as of 12:01 A. M., December the

and	  Fifth at a salary of $200.00 per. month. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Purchasing Agent	Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, Hone. Motion
carried

AIRPORT ADMINISTRA-    Commissioner Smith moved that the report of A. L. Worswick, architect for
TION BUILDING	the airport administration building be accepted as submitted. And that

warrants 766-50 and 766-51 be allowed. Motion died for want of a second.