Las Vegas, Nevada

July 17, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 17th day of July, 1957 was called to order(at the hour of 7:40 P.M.) by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple () with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Mayor	C.D. Baker

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that a request had been received from the Emerson
Investment Company, owners of the El Mirador Motel, 2310 South 5th Street, for
the vacation of the alley that empties onto Highway 91 between Cincinnati and
Cleveland Avenues, located in Block 2 of the Meadows Addition. His Honor stated
that since there was no petition filed for this vacation, there could be no ac-
tion taken by the Commission at this time. He asked if there were any ques-
tions from the audience. None were voiced.

The Commission considered the application of Fanny Soss to reclassify Lot 6, Block
21, Boulder Addition, which is located in the 1100 Block of South 3rd Street, from
R-4 to C-1.

The Board was advised that the Planning Commission had denied this application on
the grounds that this single lot should not be reclassified without consideration
being given to the entire block. The Planning Commission suggested that since
the immediate use sought is that of a professional office, that the applicant ap-
ply to the Board of Adjustment for a use permit.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the application of Fanny Soss for reclassification of Lot 6, Block
21, Boulder Addition from R-4 to C-1, denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of Sam Cava for variance to construct
an 8-unit professional office building at the comer of South 8th Street and East
Charleston Boulevard, described as Lots 22 through 27, Block 34 of South Addition
and a portion of Block "B", Wardie Addition adjoining Lots 26 and 27 of Block 34,

South Addition, in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills reported to the Commission that this application is identi-
cal with one approved by the Board of Adjustment and the City Commission on October
3, 1956, known as V-I5-56, but the 6-months period on the variance has expired.

He further advised that an Improvement Agreement was signed for the original vari-
ance, and the Engineering Department has a letter from the Bonding Company stating
that the bond is still inforce and will be until the improvements are installed.

Mr. Bills stated that the Board of Adjustment recommended approval of this appli-
cation for Variance, V-8-57*

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 17th day of July, 1957, having considered the ap-
plication of Sam Cava for variance to construct a professional office building at
the northwest comer of South 8th and East Charleston, described as Lots 22 to 27
inclusive, of Block 34, South Addition and the portion of Block "B", Wardie Ad-
dition adjoining Lots 26 and 27 of Block 34, South Addition, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that
this application be approved subject to the applicant's signed agreement and bond
on file for the installation of off-site improvements which have been received;

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Sam P. Cava for vari-
ance to construct a professional office building on the northwest corner of South
8th and East Charleston Boulevard be approved, subject to the conditions as set
forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Works Engineer Victor Uehling reported that the lot clean-up program is presently
in progress in the Metropolitan district and Westside areas. He stated that at-
tempts are being made to make collection from the property owners for this work,
and the return generally runs around 80% of the cost.

 Mr. Uehling was asked by the Commission how much of this work was contracted out
and he advised that the removal of rubbish and burning wad done by a contractor
for the City.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request for additional funds for the lot clean-up
program be held in abeyance to allow for a general review of this program.

VACATION OF ALLEY
Block 2, Meadows
Addition

REZONING - Z-7-57
Fanny Soss
Denied

VARIANCE - V-8-57
Sam Cava
Approved

LOT CLEAN-UP PROGRAM
Additional Funds
Held in Abeyance