361

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye: noes, none. Absent Mayor
Cragin and Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Baskin
moved that this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye: noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Cragin and Commissioner Moore.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor

City Clerk,

See page 374 for CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada
March l4, 1949

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 14th day of March, 1949 was
called to order at the hour of 3:15 P. M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore; City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and

Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple, City Manager

J. M. Murphy, and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

HEARING ON AMENDMENT This being the time set for the hearing on the resolution on the amendment to the Land Use
TO LAND USE PLAN	Plan, and there being no one present to protest the adoption of the resolution to amend the

Land Use Plan presented by the Clark County Regional Planning Commission, Commissioner
RESOLUTION NO. 140 Baskin moved that the following resolution be adopted:

	RESOLUTION

of the

REGIONAL PLANNING COMMISSION
Adopting an

Amended Master Plan of Las Vegas for Las Vegas, Nevada
Pursuant to the Provisions of the Planning Act, Chapter 110,

Statutes 1941, and Acts Amendatory thereof or Supplementary thereto.

WHEREAS, the Regional Planning Commission of the County of Clark has been duly created
under the Statutes herein prescribed as a legally constituted Body succeeding the Las Vegas-
Clark County Joint Planning Commission originally created by law, and

WHEREAS, the said Las Vegas-Clark County Joint Planning Commission did, on the 28th
day of Decamber 1943, adopt by resolution that certain map entitled "A Master Plan of Streets
and Highways and Land Use for Las Vegas, Nevada," said map having been certified to and
subsequently approved and adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas on the
7th day of February 1944, and

WHEREAS, the said Regional Planning Commission of Clark County did on the 11th day of
October 1948, amend by resolution that certain map entitled "A Master Plan of Streets and
Highways and Land Use for Las Vegas, Nevada," said map having been certified to and sub-
sequently approved as amended by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas on the 5th
day of November 1948, and

WHEREAS, the Regional Planning Commission finds it expedient, necessary, and in the
public interest to further amend the aforesaid map entitled "land Use Plan, Amended, for
las Vegas, Nevada," and

WHEREAS, Section 5063.07, NCL 1941, and Section 8 of Senate Bill No. 94 of 1947
Statutes of Nevada, entitled "An Act to amend an Act Entitled 'An Act to Provide for City,
County, and Regional Planning in a Certain Class of Counties; the Creation, Organization,
and Powers of Planning Commissions and Zoning Boards of Adjustment; the Regulation of the
Use of Land and of the Subdivision of Land; the Improvement of Streets; the Inspection of
Structures; and Providing Penalties for the Violation of this Act,' approved March 28, 1941,"
provide respectively for the adoption of a Master Plan of Land Use and the amendment thereof,
and

WHEREAS, after due notice of the time and place thereof, published in a newspaper of
general circulation in the City and Region, a public hearing was held on the 25th day of
February 1949, to consider an amendment to "The land Use Plan, Amended - A Part of the
Master Plan, City of Las Vegas, Nevada," at which said plan and map were publicly displayed,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED; the Regional Planning Commission hereby further amends
a portion of the Master Plan of the City of Las Vegas, that certain Land Use Plan shown on
that certain hereinbefore mentioned map entitled "The Land Use Plan, Amended - A Part of the
Master Plan, City of Las Vegas, Nevada," and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that the adoption of said further Amended Master Plan shall be
entered and attested on said map by the signatures of the Chairman and Secretary of the
Commission, and that attested copies thereof be certified to the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of North Las Vegas,
and the Board of Commissioners of the County of Clark; and