Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Luce arriving late.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the City
purchase a power mower, Jacobsen make, price $607.00 from the Ullom Hardware Co. Said mower to be used at the City
Park.	

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye Noes, none.

Police and Fire Commissioner Mr Corradetti recommended to the Board that Geo Thompson, office of the Las Vegas
Police Depart be named acting Chief of Police until a new Chief might be employed.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
Geo Thompson be named acting Chief of Police for the City of Las Vegas commencing May 1st and the salary be fixed at
$200.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the Electri-
cal Inspector install five additional street lights, same to cost approximately $183.00 and to be installed as
follows: 5th & Linden, 6th & Oak So Main & 5th and 2 at the race track.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved and carried that the City pay
C.D.Baker, Civil Engineer $50.00 for maps and survey for water filings for the well at Woodlawn Cemetery.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Monday the 24th day of
April, 1939 at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA
APRIL 24th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held on the
24th day of April at the hour of ten A.M.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Krause and Corradetti, City Clerk and Attorney.

Absent Commissioners Luce and Ronnow.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the Clerk
have the deed from J Warren Woodward recorded and the title insurance on same prepared by the Pioneer Title
Insurance Co.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Lenora Aguirre for a retail beverage license at 124 So
1st Street in the rear of said premises. On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause
it was moved that the Clerk issue a retail beverage license to Leonora Aguirre for the room at the front of
the building facing or. So 1st Street when said location had been approved by the Chief of Police.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of all previous meetings not heretofore read read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the week of
May 15th to 20th be designated "clean up week."

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the Purchasing
Clerk purchase paint not to exceed $71.25 to be used as traffic paint.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that the action
on the insurance required for taxi operator be deterred to May 4th, 1939.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved that this meeting recess until
Saturday the 29th day of April at the hour of ten A.M.

Vote Commissioners Corradetti and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Saturday the 29th day of April, 1939 at 10 A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

APRIL 29th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada held on the
24th day of April, 1939 at the hour of ten A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Luce it was moved add carried that the City give from
its Publicity Fund the sum of $750.00 to be used toward the transportation of the Boulder Dam Model to the
New York World's Fair.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Police Officer Condo appeared before the Board and presented for its consideration his application for 

reinstatement on the Police Dept. and waived all his rights for promotion, to the office of Chief of Police.

After consideration on the matter on motion of Commissioner Luce the matter was brought before the Board for
second and vote, Mayor Marble ask Commissioner Krause, Mayor Pro Tem to take the Mayor's chair and Mr. Marble
then seconded Mr Luce's motion to the effect that Officer Condo be retained on the Police force May 1st and
the salary be $180.00 per month.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Mr Marble and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Commissioner
Corradetti passing his vote. Noes, none.