439

MINUTES

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-12
Opening of Bond Bids

BIDDER

F.T. BOISE & TD. MORRIS
& CO.

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance
Appeal F.C.B.
V-23-53

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Geralding Stocker

R-45-53

Las Vegas, Nevada

July 15, 1953

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 15th
day of July, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with
the following members present:

7-15-53

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Acting City

Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Assistant City

Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

City Engineer	Sam Keim

ABSENT: Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

It was the request of the Board that the Minutes for June 29, July 1, 3 and 7, 1953 be held until
a full Board is present.

Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to offer for sale, and to receive sealed bids and publicly open the
same for the City's special assessment negotiable coupon bonds, designated City of Las Vegas
Assessment District No. 200-12 Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of July 1, 1953 in the
aggregate principal amount of $5,350.69.

Thereupon all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

ANNUAL RATE	NO. OF SETS

OF INTEREST	PREMIUM	OF COUPONS

All bonds to bear a total interest	None	2

rate of	"A" Coupons having an

interest rate of 33/4% and "B"
coupons having an interest rate of 1¼%

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bid on the bonds for Assessment District No. 200-12 be
referred to the City Manager and City Attorney for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of the denial of the variance application
of F.B.C. to build a motel within 50 feet of the centerline of Charleston Blvd., and near the
intersection with Fremont Street between Eastern Avenue and Boulder Highway on a lot 350' x 128'
in a C-2 Zone. Discussion was had.

The Board was advised that the attorney for this matter, Mr. Clifford A. Jones, had requested
continuance until the owner of the property was back in town.

His Honor asked if there were any protestants to the variance present. There were no objections
voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved this public hearing be continued until July 29, 1953 at
7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett,

Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple.

The public hearing on the application of Geraldine Stocker for rezoning from R-1 to R-2 of the
following described property having been continued from July 1, 1953 meeting:

The SW¼ SW¼ and the SE¼ SW¼ Sec. 2, T 21 S, R 61 E, excepting the northeast
comer of the intersection of Maryland Parkway and San Francisco Streets.

His Honor asked if there were any protestants present. There were no objections voiced.

A.W. Ham, Jr., Walter Hunsaker and two of the subdividers appeared before the Board in behalf
of this rezoning.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he was going to disqualify himself from voting on this matter as
well as on the tentative map for Francisco Park and Walter Hunsaker's application for variance due
to the fact that he was employed as architect for these projects.

Thereafter His Honor appointed Commissioner Sharp as acting mayor.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the above described property be rezoned from R-1 to R-2.

Motion seconded by Mayor Baker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Jarrett and Mayor
Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bunker and Whipple. Commissioner Sharp not
voting.