On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the following retail beverage licenses for the year 1939 be granted. Rate $25.00 per quarter year.
All applications being in proper from and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same:

Mesquite Grocery, State Cafe, Jack Irish, Modern Food, Jake Ensleu, Vera Magness, K Walsh
R.D.Gard, Read City Drug, John Stathis Boulder Club and Market Spot.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the application for the Atlas Supply Company for a retail beverage license be granted
and Clerk directed to issue same when application had been properly signed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the following persons or firms be granted gaming and slot machine licenses as same had
been applied for:

State Cafe, Northern Club, Modern Food Shop, Jimmie Fulcher, Overland Hotel, Gus Corey
Read City Drug Mrs Fern Hunter Market Spot and Boulder Club.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.



As no more business appeared before the Board at this time it was on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti moved and carried that this meeting recessed until
the 9th day of January, 1939 at the hour of 10 A.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye Noes, none. There upon said meeting recessed to meet January 9th, 1939 at 10 A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JANUARY 9th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 9th day
of January 1939 at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Luce.

Earl Dougherty appeared before the Board with W.J. Rhods Building Inspector and petitioned
the Board to grant him permission to move a house from Westside to lots 17-18-19 Block 4 South
Addition to the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Rhoads assured the Board that the house would be altered
to meet the requirements of the Building Code. There upon on motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that permission be granted to Mr.
Dougherty to move said house.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the following persons be granted slot machine licenses C.C. Underhill 6,

Grace Bates 1, Berkeley Bunker 1, White Cross Drug Co. 4, Las Vegas Pharmacy 2, and Wimpy's 2.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow,	Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and car-
ried that the following licenses for the year 1939 be granted: Alice Mitchell retail beverage,
$25.00 per quarter, B.P.O.E. Club, Club liquor license $50.00 per quarter, Joe Gallo and Wimpy's
retail beverage $25.00 per quarter.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that demands Nos. 79-80-81 be allowed and the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the meeting recessed to Friday the 13th day of January, 1939 at the hour of 7 o'clock P.M.
Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

There upon the meeting recessed to meet Friday the 13th day of January 1939 at 7 P.M.