Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 113 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordin-
ance prohibiting the leaving unattended of an automobile or motor vehicle while machinery thereof
is running or in motion, and the filling of gasoline tank thereof under same conditions, and providing
a penalty therefor," the same having been proposed by Commissioners Hammond, was read for the
second time, and it appearing that this Ordinance is covered by a state statute, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner Mundy, said proposed Ordinance was
laid over, on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes,
none.	

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 114 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Or-
dinance providing for Licensing Hairdressing and Beauty Parlors," was read for the first time
and on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy was passed to the second read-
ing, on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse Aye.
Noes, none.

The Board then took under consideration the purchase of a new car for City business
and after discussion it was ordered that a Buick Light Six Touring car be purchased from James
Cashman for the sum of $1375, on the following terms: $450 to be allowed on the old Dodge Tour-
ing car; the balance of $925 to be paid at the rate of $50. per month.

Thereupon the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted upon motion
of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried upon the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of June, 1925, a resolution was regular-
ly introduced as follows:

"RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the present Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, took
office on the first day of June, 1925, and find after apportionment of taxes
made in June, 1925, there are no moneys whatsoever in the Street Fund or in the
Police and Fire Fund of said City, and that there is no source from which suffi-
cient funds can be derived to carry on said departments until the next tax ap-
portionment in December of this year, except through an emergency loan as herein
provided for, and a great necessity exists for moneys with which to conduct
said two important departments of the City Government, and

WHEREAS? for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow
the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-
half years by the issuance of the negotiable note or notes of said City bearing
interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent. per annum redeemable as by
law provided out of an Emergency tax Fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said City
do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the
purposes aforesaid the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, for a period not to exceed
two and one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory
note or notes of said City in the aggregate of said cum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars,
the issue to bear interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum,
to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time when money is available
in the Emergency Tax Fund," to be levied by this City at the first tax levy follow-
ing the creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided." and
WHEREAS, subsequent to the introduction of said Resolution, said Resolution was
published in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for two publications, one week apart, to-wit: June 12th
and June 19th, 1925; together with notice of the intention of said Board of City
Commissioners to act upon said Resolution in form and substance as required by law,
and

WHEREAS, said Resolution was duly adopted at a Regular meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners held on the 7th day of April, 1925, and more than fifteen days after
the first publication of said notice and resolution as aforesaid, and

WHEREAS, said Resolution was thereafter transmitted by certified copy thereof
to the State Board pf Finance of the State of Nevada, add thereafter and on the
21st day of April, 1925, the said State Board of Finance duly approved said Reso-
lution, and the Resolution of said State Board of Finance, approving same is hereby
recorded in the minutes of said Board of City Commissioners, said Resolution of
said State Board of Finance being in words and figures as follows, to-wit:

"

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE.

Meeting held July 2,1925.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to make Temporary Emer-
gency Loan.

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board of Finance
duly called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of that certain
Act of the Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management
of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and Other Governmental Agencies,"
approved March 22,1917, as amended 1919, that a great necessity or emergency has