OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 7th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of December, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present, Commissioners Arnett, and Mundy, and Mayor Pro
Tem German, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down and Mayor Cragin.

The applications of Art Schrieber for a Tavern License and Jakc Butler for a Retail Rest-
aurant Liquor License were presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the above applications
were granted and the Clerk was directed to issue the licenses covering the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, and Arnett, and W.C. German, Mayor
Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners considered the amending of Ordinance No. 203
of the City of Las Vegas allowing for the operations of what is commonly know as "Family Liquor
stores." As directed the City Attorney presented to the Board for its consideration an ordin-
ance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intoxicating and alcoholic
liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions said intoxicating
alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise distributed; providing
for permits, and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance; and repeal-
ing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.", by adding a subdivision
thereto to be known as subdivision (9).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 7th
day of December, 1933, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on the said
last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, and Mundy, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.	ordinance

The City Clerk was directed to have said published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper except Sunday, published in the City of Las Vegas, once a week for two weeks. Said
Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 204.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 15th day of December, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 15th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of December, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and Down, and Mayor
Cragin, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time a number of liquor license applications were presented to the Board for
consideration. Ail applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on file
with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following licenses be granted:

Dave Steam and Elmer Sorber Retail Tavern Liquor License

Joe Williams, Retail Tavern Liquor License.

	Las Vegas Club, Retail Tavern Liquor License.

Settle's City Drug Store, Retail Drug Store Liquor License.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A number of interested citizens appeared before the Board at this time in regard to
having the zone enlarged for the sale of package goods not be be consumed on the premises.
After some discussion on the matter the City Attorney, A.S. Henderson was directed to prepare
and present to the Board for its considerations at its next meeting the draft of an amendment
to Ordinance No. 203 enlarging the zone for the sale of package goods.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 22nd day of December 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.