OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 14th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 14th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and German together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and Thomas.

Minutes of meetings of July 5th 8th and 10th read and approved as read.

The gaming application of Harris and Smith accompanied by $150.00 for two tables
was presented to the Board. Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Ger-
man it was moved that the license be granted. Vote as follows: Commissioners German and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and con-
nection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating a
Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances, providing
for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations for electrical
installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing Ordinance No. 156 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical in-
stallation, fixture and connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged
on the same, and creating an examination board, and providing a penalty for the violation
thereof," and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a
penalty for the violation thereof," and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances
in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance," was read to the Board of Commissioners for
a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

Same was ordered published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week, three issues.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the Meeting
recessed until Friday the 18th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

July 18th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
las Vegas, held on the 18th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Thomas together with the City Attorney
and Clerk. Commissioner Hansell also present.

Absent Commissioners Smith.

Minutes of meetings of July 12th, and 14th read and approved as read.

A letter from the San Bernardino Chamber of Commerce was read to the Board, inviting
the Mayor and Commissioners to participate in the parade to be held in San Bernardino on
July 28th, at the hour of 6:30 P.M. celebrating the consummation of the Boulder Dam pact
was read to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved,
that the Mayor, and the Commissioners attend, and take part in the celebration if they would
be a be to be absent from the City at that time. Expenses for the trip not to exceed the amount of $140.00
to he taken from the Publicity Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the Clerk was directed to acknowledge receipt of said letter.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
Commissioner Thomas be granted a thirty day leaf of absence. Same to take effect July 18th,
1930.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until.
Thursday the 24th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.