USE PERMIT
Mrs. A. D. McKenna

U-63-53

USE PERMIT
Vance A. Geigley
U-62-53

OUTSIDE STORAGE LOT
Fremont Electric

OUTSIDE STORAGE LOT
J. T. Franklin

PETITION FOR VACATION
CF ALLEYS

Block 13, Wardie Addn.

CONVENTION

City Manager Attendance

PAYROLL WARRANT
✓

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 1,

1953, recommending that such variance not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners that the application
of Betty Albright Compton to construct and maintain a duplex in addition to an existing
single family residence located at 900 Rancho Road be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Planning Commission that
the application of Mrs. A. D. McKenna for Use Permit to operate a Foster Home at 5 15
Desert Lane be approved, be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 11th day of September, 1953, Mrs. A. D. McKenna, filed an
application with the City Planning Commission for Use Permit to provide a foster home
in her home at 5l5 Desert Lane which is located in an R-l Use District, between
Charleston Boulevard and North of Hastings Avenue; and

WHEREAS, on September 24, 1953, the City Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for Use Permit, at which time no objections were raised and no
communications protesting the granting of the Use Permit were received; and

WHEREAS, on September 24, 1953, the City Planning Commission voted to approve
this application for Use Permit inasmuch as the applicant has received approval by
the Child	Welfare Board	and has been	granted a State License and in	addition to these

the Planning Commission	felt that this use would not be detrimental	to the surrounding

properties of their valuation; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on October 1,

1953, recommending that such Use Permit be granted.

NOW,	THEREFORE, BE	IT RESOLVED,	the recommendation of the City	Planning Commission

that Mrs.	A. D. McKenna	be granted a	Use Permit to provide a Foster	Home in her home

at 515 Desert Lane which is located in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District,
between Charleston Boulevard and North of Hastings Avenue be accepted, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the City Planning Commission that the application of Vance A.

Geigley for permission to provide angle parking on California and 2nd Streets by indenting
the curb 7 1/2 feet be denied, was considered. The Board was advised that Mr. Geigley
had filed an appeal of this denial of his application with the City Clerk.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on Mr. Geigley's appeal be
held October 21, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion second by Commissioner Bunker and carried by t e following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 10:45 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 11:00 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

The request of the Fremont Electric for extension of time to remove their outside
storage lot from the 100 block on South 10th Street was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Attorney take the necessary legal action to remove
the material from this lot.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting:	Commissioner

Sharp.

The request of the Franklin Brother, by J. T. Franklin for extension of time to remove
the temporary storage yeard at 109 South 12th Street was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Attorney take the necessary legal action to remove
the material from this lot.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett; Not voting:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition to vacate certain alleys, in Block 13, Wardie
Addition be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the City Manager to attend the California
League of Cities in San Francisco October 19 through 21, with expenses of $200.00
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrant No. 345 in the net amount of $39.00
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor.voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for gaming license for the fourth
quarter of 1953 be approved in the same status as last quarter: