The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time,
pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest
paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of
Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of
Clark County, Acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and
directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special
column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County,
the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as
other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 11. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected,
shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No.
1OO-36 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking
fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement
bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the pur-
pose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied
to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for
any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 12. That after said amended assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said
Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-Officio City As-
sessor, whose name appears on said amended assessment roll, by United States of America mail,
that an assessment has been levied against said person and the designated property in said
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 1OO-36 and shall state therein when and where said
assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 13. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this Ordinance)
heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the
paving, curbing and guttering, and installing concrete valey gutters on certain streets and
parts of streets therein and otherwise improving certain streets and parts of streets in said
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36, toward the creation of said District, and
toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be and the
same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 14. That V.C. Mendenhall, Inc., the successful bidder on the contract for said
district shall be and hereby is awarded the contract to do the work provided for in said dis-
trict, and all proceedings heretofore taken in the award of said contract are hereby ratified,
approved and confirmed.

SECTION 15. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including al1
incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs
of construction and the fees and compensation properly charged in teh work of making special
assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made according to the benefits against
the owners and the assessable lots,premises and property specially benefited by such improve-
ments and included within said District, proportionately to the benefits received. The entire
cost add expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $624,446.72 and the total of
the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION l6. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 17. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses, or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be con-
fined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordi-
nance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any
section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not
affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other
instances.

SECTION 18. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it
is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby
declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 19. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks im-
mediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately fol-
lowing the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of February, 1956.

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker
Those voting "Nay": None Absent:	None

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

____________________________ C.D. BAKER, Mayor

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk