E X H I B I T 'A'

The following data is required relating to the plant of The Southern Nevada Power Com-
pany and the Southern Nevada Telephone Company situate within the City of Las Vegas, only:

1.	Number	of	poles, classification, estimated	value.

2.	Classification of wire, the amount of each	class and its	total value.

3.	Amount	of	telephone wires carried by poles	and number of	poles in use for such purpose.

4.	Number	of	cross-arms, pins, insulators and	hardware used	for power lines and	the	value.

5.	Number	of	cross-arms, pins, insulators and	hardware used	for telephone lines	and	the

value.

6.	Classification, number of each class, of transformers, cutouts, lightning arrestors
switches and circuit breakers.

7.	Classification, number of each class and value of power and light meters.

8.	Total approximate cost of present plant.

9.	The value of present plant after deducting depreciation and obsolescence.

10.	The present total value of present plant.

11. The cost of a plant to render equivalent service of present plant.

12. The cost of replacing plant sufficient to supply the City with modern equipment.

13.	Annual charges:--

a.	for the distribution from the present plant.

b.	for distribution from a modern plant.

c.	additional amortization for each over;-

1.	10 years.

2.	15 years

3.	20 years.

and in each case the price of power to the customer.

14.	Detailed inventory, exact location, source of information,and valuation of the City's
plant.

15.	Compare estimated price with former price of power and probable increase in consumption.

16.	Cost of necessary transmission lines and sub-stations to secure power from the government
distributing plant at Boulder City to the City of Las Vegas.

16½. Description and valuation of company's Generating Plant.

17.	Estimated of revenue, cost of operation, maintenance, administration and interest of City.

18.	Such other Engineering data with reference to the present plant and system, and contem-
plated plant and system as will be required in making application to the National P.W.A.
for Federal financial grant or aid, whichever appears to be appropriate.

19.	The City will be furnished quadruplicate copies of these reports and data.

20.	Said works will be completed and the reports in the hands of the City on or before the
10th day of September, 1935.

Conclusion of Exhibit 'A' comprising two pages annexed to contract between City of Las
Vegas and Barry Dibble.

Dated this 11th day of July, 1935.

L.L. Arnett
The Mayor.

Barry Dibble.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 18th day of July, 1935, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 18th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 18th day of July, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney, City Engineer and Clerk.

At this time the business of improving a number of streets in the City of Las Vegas with
oil bound gravel paving, curb and gutters and sidewalks was taken under consideration. A
number of interested property owners were present and were muchly interested in the programme.
Mr. Marble stated that the cost of street paving was placed at $10.00 per twenty-five foot
lot, curb and gutter at 30¢ a lineal foot, and sidewalks at 50¢ per lineal foot. That the money
for the improving of a full block for street work only must be in the hands of the clerk
before said improvement could be started, but that it was only necessary for a half a block
to be signed for and paid to have the curb and gutter improved and that the City would put in
sidewalks in 50 foot strips any place in the City.

No definite action was taken at this time.