314

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 21, 1949

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 21st day of February, 1949 was called
to order at the hour of 2:30 P. M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and Whipple; City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and City

Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner Moore and City Manager J. M. Murphy.

CHANGE OF ADDRESS	Commissioner Baskin moved that the request of Fred Kennedy, Fred's Liquor Store to move his

Fred's Liquor Store	business from 203 Bridger to 833 South 5th Street be granted.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of February 7 and 11, 1949 be approved by reference and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1010 to 1016 inclusive in the net sum of

$28,980.72 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Whipple and his Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.	1764 to	1765 in	the	net	sum	of

WARRANTS	$10,571.71 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized	to sign	same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner	Baskin,	and carried	unanimously, the

DEED-McNeill Housing	following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

WALDMAN AVENUE

RESOLUTION NO. 133	BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of February, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 6th day of October, 1948,
executed by McNeil Housing Company to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and inten-
tions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and carried unanimously,
DEED - Kunkel	the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

Waldman Avenue
RESOLUTION NO. 134

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of February, 1949, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
	of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 1st day of December,

	1948, executed by Victor V. Kunkel and Marjorie H. Kunkel to the City of Las Vegas, County of

Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of M. J. HOWISON, Laundermat, 1509 1/2 Fremont for

renewal of 2 slot machines and 0. W. GLENN, Idle Hour, 19 Ogden for one additional slot machine
	for the first quarter of 1949 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner	Baskin	moved that the application	of M. C. Kress, State Cafe, 20	Fremont for re-
state Cafe	newal of his	Retail	Restaurant Beverage license for the first quarter of 1949	be approved.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner	Baskin	moved that pursuant to the	favorable report of the Police	Department that

Esquire Bar	the application of	C. W. Hancock, Esquire Bar,	120 South 2nd Street for a Retail Tavern Liquor

license for the first quarter of 1949 be approved.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

TAXI APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Ernest C. Peters and J. J. Black for two

taxicabs be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

HEARING ON AMENDMENT	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Clerk be directed to publish the following notice for

TO LAND USE ORDINANCE	public hearing on the amendments to the Land Use Ordinance to be held March 14, 1949 at the hour

of 3:00 P. M.: