until next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

GARBAGE CONTRACTER	At this time the problem of Garbage and Trash removal service was brought up.

His Honor Mayor Baker stated that Nevada Sanitation representatives had been
requested to appear to explain to the Commission and the citizens regarding
the garbage situation as it exists. That the Board considers it its right to
consider revoking the contract. The Board would like to know what they
propose to do to alleviate the present situation, what the City might do under
the present contract in cooperation. To serve notice that we are not satisfied
with the present method of collection, with the contract as it exists and pro-
pose to act immediately from a health and sanitation stand point to correct or
do something about it.

Mr. Moseley of Nevada Sanitation was present and related what difficulties
they had been experiencing in the last two weeks. He further stated that the
regular schedule had commenced again yesterday, special equipment had been
purchased, new crews had been hired, and they intended to do what ever they
could to establish good service. They knew that a majority of the complaints
were justifiable, and were doing all they could to take care of these complaints.
He requested that the City cooperate in enforcing the ordinance pertaining to
the size and type of container to be used for such disposal.

Mr. Anton J. Popp complained about the treatment of his containers.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the Police Department be instructed to issue
citations and make complaints against any violators who do not comply by in-
stalling 30 gallon, covered containers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

Mr. Johnson requested information as to how he might go about getting a re-
fund on the service that he has missed.

Mr. Bob Carey of 310 North 16th complained about no pickup when the trucks
were in his area.

Representatives from Paradise Valley, East Charleston were present to complain
about illegal dumping of trash and garbage along the roads, and about the Hog
Ranch in Paradise Valley.

At this time His Honor stated that there would be a joint meeting of the City,
County, and North Las Vegas on September 11, 1951 at which time these matters
would be discussed, and requested these complaints to be presented at this time.

Mr. Mickle complained about the location of the present dump ground.

BID ON CARE OF	At this time the request of the United States Government for care of Federal

FEDERAL PRISONERS 	Prisoners in the City Jail was presented for consideration.

	Commissioner Bunker, moved the City enter into this agreement with the United

States Government and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign said
agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

SALE OF CITY LAND	         At this time Milton Keefer, representing the Sun Valley Trailer Park Inc. who

Sunset Trailer Park	were recently awarded the bid on City property located on the Los Angeles

Highway, was present requesting the Board to accept the remainder of the money
due that has now been placed in escrow.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

PAYMENT OF STATEMENTS	Commissioner Bunker moved the request of E. M. Kanfield & Son for payment

of statements for special work done on Assessment Districts in the amounts
	of $69.00 and $30.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized

to sign the warrants when drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT #100-2           Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the En-
Partial Payment	gineering Department that the request of partial payment on Assessment

District No. 100-2 in the total amount of $28,997.55 to Wells Cargo be
denied.