BID NO. 51-2 -	This being the tine heretofore set for the opening of bids for fertilizer for the

Fertilizer	Park Department, bids were received from the following:

Garden Center	Las	Vegas, Nevada

Clark County Whse	Las	Vegas, Nevada

Nevada Iron & Metals                Las	Vegas, Nevada

Pacific Guano Co.	Los	Angeles, California

Jannach Nurseries	Los	Angeles, California

Henderson Gardens	Henderson, Nevada

Dick Swartz	Las Vegas, Nevada

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BEVERLY GREEN	Commissioner Bunker moved the final maps on Beverly Green Subdivision Tract Nos; 1 and

SUBDIVISION	2 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Tract Nos. 1 & 2

Final	Mans	Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLANNING ENGINEER	Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be instructed to hire a Planning Engineer.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

OAKEY BLVD.	- Width	Commissioner Bunker moved the Board make a formal notice to the Planning Commission

	for their recommendations on the proposed width of Oakey Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MUNICIPAL COURT CLERK	Commissioner Moore. moved the City Manager be instructed to abolish the position of Muni-

	cipal Court Clerk in the interest of economy and embarrassment to City Commissioners.

This motion lost for lack of a second.

REQUEST TO CONNECT	TO	At this time Mr. J. S. Chapman of the Mastercraft Homes was present to request permis-

CITY SEWER	sion to connect his proposed rental units looated in the County to the City Sewer.

Discussion was held and thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SUBDIVISION REQUIREMENTS Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor be instructed to appoint a committee composed of two
members of the City Commission, three members of the Planning Commission and five laymen
	of the City of Las Vegas to study the feasibility of revising the requirements of the

City as set up for improvements in subdivisions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TAXI APPLICATION	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Rex Ramsay, Broadway Cab for one taxicab

Denied	license be denied.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS         Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for gaming licenses for the first
quarter of 1951 be granted:

AUSTIN DRUG	Southern Nevada Vending	815 South 5th	4 slots

          SARGENT'S CAFE	Southern Nevada Vending	124½ North 1st	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS FOR CITY PROPERTY Commissioner Whipple moved that notice be published asking for bids for the purchase of
City property on the Los Angeles Highway.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bunker
passed his vote.

RESOLUTION -	Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

Assessment District

No. 100-2	R E  SOLUTION



WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, by Emergency Ordinance No. 433, passed,
adopted and approved the 25th day of October^ 1950, declared its determination to make certain public impro-
vements as therein provided, and

WHEREAS, said Board by Emergency Ordinance No. 433 created Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-2 for the purpose of making said improvements, and directed the County Assessor and the Ex-officio
City Assessor to prepare an assessment roll to defray the costs of making the same, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined by the said Board that the Assessment Roll as prepared by the as-
sessor is not in sufficient amount to pay the costs of the said improvement, and

WHEREAS, it has been determined by the said Board that it is for the best interest of the people
of the City of Las Vegas, that a new assessment roll in an amount sufficient to cover the actual costs of
said improvements be prepared.