LIQUOR S GAMING	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Karl & Leo Frey (Leroy Corp.) for

New	Tavern License and license for 4 slot machines at the Moulin Rouge Hotel, 900 W.

Bonanza, he held in abeyance until a full Board was present.

Moulin Rouge

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Held In Abeyance	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

LIQUOR & GAMING	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Morris Ring for 7% interest in the

Additional Owner	Liquor and Gaming Licenses at the Horseshoe Club (Eldorado Club, Inc.) 128 Fremont,

be approved on the basis of favorable police report, and the Supervisor of License
Horseshoe Club	and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Whipple moved the following cigarette licenses for additional locations

Additional	be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue licenses:

Locations

Russel's Barber Shop	205 N. 1st St.	                      Sutton Vending Service

Approved	So. Nev. Telephone Co.                                          5th & Carson	          Sutton Vending Service

Peyton Place	1110	Fremont St.	Sutton	Vending	Service

Joe Julian's Liq.	2444	L.V. Blvd. S.	Sutton	Vending	Service

Aqua Hotel	1401	L.V. Blvd. S.	Sutton	Vending Service

Desert Snack Bar	222 No. Main	Sutton	Vending Service

Dandy Donut Shop	818 Fremont St.	Sutton	Vending Service

Tip Top Drive Inn	1100	L.V. Blvd. S.	Sutton	Vending	Service

Ralph's Shamrock	7 E.	Bonanza	Sutton	Vending	Service

Cocktail Lounge

Saratoga Race Book	114 S. 1st St.	Sutton	Vending Service

New Town Tavern	1314 "F" St.	Sutton	Vending Service

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Robert Powell for a Cigarette License

New	at the Hotel Fremont Gift Shop, 2nd & Fremont, be approved on the basis of favorable

police report and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
Hotel Fremont	license.

Gift Shop

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Milton Prell, et al, for a Cigarette

New	License at The Mint, 110 Fremont, be approved on the basis of favorable police

report and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

The Mint

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Frank Kozal for a Cigarette License

New	at Kozal's Sporting Goods, 1440 Las Vegas Boulevard North, be approved on the basis

of favorable police report and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
Kozal's Sporting	to issue the license.

Goods

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

CIGARETTE VENDING	The Commission again considered the application of Ralph T. Warne for a Cigarette

OPERATOR LICENSE	Vending Operator License at the Ralph T. Warne Vending Machine Company, 8  E.

Charleston; this application was held in abeyance at the regular meeting of the Board
Ralph T. Warne	of City Commissioners held September 16, 1959; pending investigation of the

Vending Mach. Co.	unfavorable police report.

Held In Abeyance	Commissioner Fountain stated that due to the fact this application had. an unfavorable

police report, he would suggest that it be held in abeyance until they had a full
Board.

George Dickerson, Attorney spoke in behalf of Mr. Warne, stating this application
had been held in abeyance; however, if anything was to be gained by a further
delay, he would not be opposed. Mr. Dickerson added it would be well if they could
be advised what the unfavorable report was based on. Commissioner Fountain replied
that he would refuse to divulge this information.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Ralph T. Warne for a Cigarette Vending
Operator License at the Ralph T. Warne Vending Machine Company, 8 E. Charleston, be
held in abeyance until a full Board was present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Dickerson later stated there were certain documents that were not before the
Board. Commissioner Fountain stated if there was new information regarding Mr.

Warne, he would be glad to withdraw his motion, as he did not intend to attempt
to forbid any evidence they might have. Mr. Dickerson made further reference to
the affidavits showing Mr. Warne as the only one interested in this company. He
also stated Mr. Warne would make available future income tax reports to support
this fact; furthermore, that the returns of the members of the former corporation
would also be made available to show they were not interested. At this point

10-7-59