Mr. Dickerson pointed out that on June 19th of this year a cigarette vending operator
license had been erroneously issued to the Nevada Vending Machine Company, Inc., of
Held in Abeyance	which Mr. Warne was a corporate member, and said company became obligated for $26,000

worth of machines and equipment and placed machines at several locations. Mr. Dickerson 
continued that subsequently the company was informed this license had been issued
in error as it had not had City Commission approval. At that time arrangements were
made for Mr. Eckl of the Smokey Cigarette Company to place these machines pending the
clearance of this license application. At the regular meeting of the Board of City
		Commissioners held July 15, 1959, the application of the Nevada Vending Machine Co.,

Inc. was denied due to unfavorable police report.

Mr. Dickerson stated that Mr. Warne had a clear record and was presently licensed
with the County and the City of North Las Vegas as a vending machine operator and if
there were any questions, they would be glad to answer them.

His Honor Mayor Gragson asked if Mr. Warne was now the sole owner and Mr. Dickerson
replied that he was. Mr. Warne stated he had taken over the obligation of the corporation 
in the amount of $26,000 which was the sum presently owed to his creditors.

Mr. Warne stated further that he owed no money to the former corporation and there
was no one but himself connected with his application.

Commissioner Sharp stated that in view of the unfavorable police report because of the
former attempt to circumvent the City Ordinance in placing machines through another
vending operator, he thought this application should be held in abeyance so this report
could be gone over with the Police Department.

Mr. Dickerson said the placement of machines by the Smokey Cigarette Company were
made with the understanding they were to be retained by the Smokey Cigarette Company
if the license was not approved. Mr. Warne stated that at that time he was
negotiating to buy out this compary and when he learned their license was not valid
these arrangements had been made pending approval of their license by the City
Commission. He concluded he merely asked Mr. Eckl to fulfill the obligations and did
not realize or intend to circumvent the law.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ralph T. Warne for a Cigarette Vending
Operator License at the Ralph T. Warne Vending Machine Company, 8 E. Charleston, be
held in abeyance pending investigation of the unfavorable police report; application
to again be considered at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners to be
held October 7, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

REZONING (Z-24-59)	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Home Investment Company of Long Beach

to reclassify property generally located east of 25th Street, north and south of
Home Investment Co                Washington Avenue in Washington Addition, legally described as the SW½ of the NW½
of Long Beach	and the N½ of the SW½, Section 25, T20S, R61E, from R-E to R-1 be approved as

recommended by the Planning Commission and the City Attorney instructed to prepare
Approved	the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE	Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map for Golfridge Terrace #2 as submitted by

#2	L. Miranti and consisting of approximately 10 acres generally located at Decatur and

Washington be approved as recommended by the Planning Commission subject to the condition
Approved	that the access of the back of lots onto major streets be controlled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
ayes; noes, none.

BID OPENING 59.60	This being the time heretofore set for Bid Opening No. 59.60 for the painting of the

Paint Exteriors-	exteriors of Dula Recreation Center Building and the Swimming Pool Building, bids

Dula Recreation	were received as follows:

Center & Swimming

Pool Building	Antonsen Painting Company	$4,450

Bryan Painting & Decorating	4,597

Sharpe's Paint Compary	4,257.

Referred to Public

Works	Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director

of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for public hearing in regard to the application of

Rezoning 2-9-58	D. N. Leavitt for reclassification of property located on the south side of West

D. N. Leavitt	Charleston Boulevard between Highland Drive and Desert Lane from R-1 and R-4 to C-2,

His Honor Mayor Gragson asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak in
Approved to	protest.

C-1 Zoning

Eric Schaefer, 1107 Desert Lane, stated he would like to protest this rezoning to C-2
as he felt it would not be beneficial to the residents or to the Presbyterian Church.

Marian Christensen stated that she lived on West Charleston and was neither protesting
or defending this particular application; however, a resolution had been presented to
the Planning Commission to the effect that if there was any rezoning in this area,
structures must conform to the present architecture.

9-16-59