OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA.

January 3, 1923

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on
the 3rd day of January, A.D. 1923, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners Thos. 
R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and Harry Blanding, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, the Mayor
Pro Tem W.H. Dentner being absent.

  Upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, and duly carried,
Commissioner Hodgens was appointed Chairman pro tem, in the absence of the Mayor Pro Tem. Voting on said
motion, Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding and
duly carried, that the Board adjourn until Thursday, the 4th day of January, A.D. 1923, at the hour of
three o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK OF TEE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

January 4,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, held on the 4th day of January, A.D. 1923. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners
Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and Harry Branding, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board, excepting the
following: The claim of J.T. Ullom and Son in the sum of $30.10 was ordered returned for information
as to who ordered the articles billed; the claim of Standard Oil Company in the sum of $8.82 was or-
dered returned for information as to who ordered the articles purchased.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.L. McLaurine for a gaming license,

( 2 games) in the Levy Building on Fremont Street, the same having been theretofore approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Com-
missioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a gaming license be granted to the said
J.L. McLaurine. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

 Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license, (2
games) at the Northern, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner

Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, that a gaming license be granted to the said J.H. Morgan for the Northern.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of E.M. Pirtle and J.L. Newsom for a

gaming license, (2 games) at the Overland Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police

whereupon it was the order of the Board, on motion of Hodgens, seconded
and Fire Commissioner Hodgens; Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro

by Blanding, that said license be granted.

Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license,

(4 games) at the Vegas Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commi-
ssioner Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a gaming license be granted to the said J.H. Morgan, as
stated above. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none