Commissioner Tinch moved that the bill of $279.18 for clothes damaged by firemen while
on duty be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the application of C. J. Bennett for an electrical
contractors license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the electrical inspector extend all courtesies to the U. S.
Government relative to using their own specifications and wire for the USO building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux stated that bids on the new City Quarters would be returned
November 17th, 1941.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Ivan Abbott, janitor at the War Memorial Building,
be notified to vacate within he next thirty days. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting age. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a letter be written to Jack Means stating that the War
Memorial Building was not available for prize fights. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that John P. Neal, and Isaac Pullum be placed on a monthly
salary of $130 instead of $5.00 a day and that Ike Pullum be raised from $125 to $130
per month. Said raises to take effect as of November 1st. Motion seconded by Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith submitted recommendations of A. W. Blackman regarding need of badges
for city employees in relation to purchasing.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations of Mr. Blackman regarding notice to
city employees as to the matter of making purchases for the city be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of Mr. Blackman regarding badges for
city employees be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

That certain tentative agreement between the United States Government and the City of
Las Vegas and the County of Clark with regard to the amount to be paid in lieu of
taxes was referred to the city attorney.

 Bids on street markers and pedestrian signs were opened.

There being only one bid received from the Nevada Electric Company Commissioner Clark
moved that the bid be accepted, for 24 pedestrian signs at $2.85 each and for street signs
at .49¢ each. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids from the following companies for a motor grader were opened at this time. Clark
County Wholesale, C. D. Roeder Equipment Company and James Cashman.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said bids be tabled until the 17th. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.