LICENSE - OTHER	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Edward Cramer for

Eddie's Friendly Store                     change of address for Eddie's Friendly Store from 120 Stewart Street
Change of Location	to 206 N. 1st Street be approved.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT (U-17-58)	The Commission considered the application of Greater Faith Baptist

Greater Faith Baptist	Church for a use permit to construct a church at 1026 Highland Drive,

Church	on the southeast corner of Highland and Jefferson, legally described

as a portion of the NW¼, SW¼, SW¼, NE¼, Section 28, T20S, R61E, in
Abeyance	an R-E Zone.

(Taken up again at end                  At the meeting of the Board of Commissioners held December 3,1958
of Minutes)	this application was held in abeyance until this meeting and the

church people had been requested to produce evidence of their
ability to construct a building such as they propose to build in
a definite period of time. Planning Director Bills stated to the
Board that there was nothing new on this application and there
was no one present from the church to give further information.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of the Greater
Faith Baptist Church for a use permit to construct a church at
1026 Highland Drive be continued until the next regular meeting
of the Commission on January 7,1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-16-58)	The Commission considered the application of Robert Cohen for a

Robert Cohen	variance to build within a required rear yard at 1005 Yucca Place

between 10th Street and Maryland Parkway, legally described as Lot 11,
Removed from Agenda	Block 2, Huntridge #1, in an R-1 zone.

This application had been continued from the Commission Meetings of
November 5, December 3 and December 17, 1958 due to the fact that Mr.
Cohen was out of the City. The City Clerk reported to the Board that
a letter had been received from Attorney John Porter that Mr. Cohen
was still out of town and requested another continuance.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Robert Cohen for
a variance to build within a required rear yard at 1005 Yucca Place,
between 10th Street and Maryland Parkway, legally described as Lot 11,
Block 2, Huntridge #1, in an R-1 zone, be removed from the agenda and
that the request be refiled by letter to the Mayor and Board at such
time as Mr. Cohen will definitely be able to appear.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

SETBACK REQUIREMENTS	The Commission considered the	request of Mr. Robert Brooks to amend

S. 2nd bet Wyoming &	Ordinance No. 659 Master Plan	of Streets and Highways	so that South

Oakey	2nd between Wyoming and Oakey	Blvd. is not designated	as a major

Robert Brooks	street and setback of 40 feet	from the center line of	the right-of-way

would no longer be required.

Abeyance

Mr. Bills, Director of Planning, reported that the Planning Commission
had held three successive meetings (one at the site) in regard to this
request and their recommendation is that there should be no change in
Ordinance No. 659 at this time. Suggested as an alternative is a proposal
to abandon South 2nd Street from Wyoming to Oakey and improve Wyoming
to make a workable traffic movement from South 2nd through Wyoming
on to South Fifth —preliminary sketches that had been prepared by the
Planning and Engineering Departments were shown to the Board.

Architect Ira Marshak presented to the Board the proposed plot plan
for the development of this property showing the layout of the stores
and parking for the shopping center. Attorney Madison Graves stated
that the 7-1/2 feet required for the 40 foot setback from the center
line of the right-of-way is in the legal ownership of Mr. Brooks as it
was deeded to the owner before the adoption of Ordinance No. 659. The
point was brought out that should the ordinance be amended that the
setback should be all the way from Oakey to Charleston.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of Mr. Brooks to amend
Ordinance No. 659 Master Plan of Streets and Highways so that South
2nd between Wyoming and Oakey Blvd. is not designated as a major
street and setback of 40 feet from the center line of the right-of-
way would no longer be required, be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-18-58)	The Commission considered the application of C.L. Hennon for a variance

C.L. Hennon	to process mineral rich soil by grinding with a small machine, packaging

and storing same for two years, if possible, at property located on the
Referred back to Board                  east side of Pecos, approximately 300 feet north of East Charleston Blvd.
of Zoning Adjustment	legally described as the W½ of the SW¼, of Government Lot #4, in Section

31, T20S, R62E, MDB&M, Excepting therefrom the west 175 feet of the south
305 feet thereof, and the west 140 feetof the east 155 feet of the north 142.5 feet thereof, 

in an R-E zone. Denial recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment. There
are six protests.

12-17-58