With kindest regards and best wishes, I am
Very truly yours,

C. C. Cotterell

CCC.S

Mayor German and the Honorable City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

At the regular meeting of the Board of Directors of this Chamber held this date
the City paving question was under discussion for some time. It appeared that many members
of the Board are not familiar with the difference existing between Willite and the other
pavements which your Board will probable consider for the City paving job at its next
meeting.

However, there were those present who felt that the hard surfacing given in the
Willite out to be used. Accordingly, the following motion was carried:

"On motion of Mr. Squires second by Mr. Ferron this Board desires to suggest
to the City Commissioners of Las Vegas that Willite paving be used on the Fremont Street
job and that the State Highway Department be asked to pay any additional cost added on
account thereof. Mr. Hinman moved to amend the motion to read in addition to the above
that if the State Highway Department should refuse to pay said additional cost that the
City pay such additional cost. The amendment was accepted by the makers of the motion and
the motion as amended was carried. Mr. Ham voting "No".

It was also ordered that a copy of the motion be given your Honorable Body
before it's meeting to-night.

Very truly yours,

Las Vegas Nevada, Chamber of Commerce.

By S. R. Whitehead____________________________

S.	R. Whitehead, Executive Secretary

SRW/OL

After general discussion, it was decided to wire the Western Willite Company at Los
Angeles, and ask them whether they would agree to make all necessary repairs for a period
of one year after installation, incase the Board expressed a preference for Willite process.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was decided to
adjourn until Thursday the 6th day of November, A.D. 1924, at the hour, of three-thirty o'-
clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor

Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. November 6th ,1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of November, A.D. 1924, at the Hour of three-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present, His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with members A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield,
and F.E. Matzdorf, together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk.

At this time the following telegram was read:

Los Angeles, Calif.

Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

In consideration your city recommending Willite this Company agrees
to make all necessary repairs at its own expense to said pavement for
a period of one year which may be requested by your city provided said
pavement is laid according to the specifications under which the con-
tract is let and also provided said repairs are made necessary by