8:30

A quorum of the Board was not present at this time therefor no meeting was held.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA.

DECEMBER 30th, 1929.

Special Meeting.	Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and German,

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 30th, 1929.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

A Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby called to be held at the Board Room of said Board on Monday the 30th day of Dec-
ember, 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following business:

1. Authorizing a payment to the contractor who installed the ornamental lighting
system.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 30th, 1929.

To-Mayor J. F. Hesse, and to Commissioners R. W. Thomas, W. C. German, L.B. Hansell, and

O.J. Smith.

You and each of you will please take notice, that in accordance with a call this day
issued by Mayor J. F. Hesse, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, State of Nevada on Monday, the 30th day of December, 1929 at the hour
of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	Authorizing a payment to the contactor who installed the ornamental street
lighting system.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

We the undersigned hereby acknowledge due service of the foregoing notice on this
30th day of December, 1929. and certify that L. B. Hansell, and R. W. Thomas, Commissioners
are at the date hereof out of the state and their whereabouts cannot be easily ascertained.
Dated this 30th day of December 1929.

J. F. Hesse	O. J. Smith

Mayor	commissioner

W. C. German

Commissioner.

This special meeting being called for the purpose of paying the first installment
on the Ornamental Street Lighting System, and there being sufficient funds collected by
special assessment to warrant the drawing of the sum of $11,990.00 on the Las Vegas Special
1929 Street Lighting Fund the following preambles, and Resolution were duly passed.

Whereas the Ornamental Street Lighting System under the certificate of Lloyd S. Payne
Inspector for the City of Las Vegas, as hereto fore on the 23rd day of November 1929
completed and accepted, now therefore be it

Resolved, that John R. Davies, contractor, be paid 50% of the contract price, to-

wit the sum of $11,990,00 and that a warrant be drawn upon the Treasurer for said amount
to be signed by the proper officers of the City, from the Las Vegas Special 1929 Street
lighting Fund.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners Smith, and German, and Hid
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 2nd 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 2nd day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith and Thomas together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of December 23rd and 30th 1929 read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per Claim and Warrant Register on file in the Office of the City Clerk.

Monies received as follows:

$1396.48 Licenses, fees,

751.50	Police Court Fines.

$2147.98 Total.