PRECINCT No. 5, Voting Board:
Inspectors:

Eva W. King
Kate Martin
W. E. Reeder

Clerks:

Josephine Hinge
Anna Vought

PRECINCT No. 5, Counting Board:
Inspectors:

Holmes Warren
Elizabeth Bailey
Luella McEvoy

Clerks:

Mabel C. Ayers
Lillian A. Duff.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that on the ballot at said election there shall be printed verba-
tim, as set forth in the recall petition, the reason for demanding the recall of said officer,
and in not more than two hundred words, the officer's justification of his course in office,
if furnished by him.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that if there be no other candidate nominated to be voted for at
said election, there shall be printed on the ballot the name of the officer sought to be re-
called, the office which he now holds add the words "For Recall" and "against recall"; if there
be other candidates nominated for the office of Mayor, there shall be printed upon the ballot;
the name of the officer sought to be recalled, and the office which he now holds, and the
name or names of such other candidates as may be nominated to be voted for at said special elect-
ion, and the words "For Recall" and "Against Recall" shall be omitted: in other respects the
ballot shall conform with the requirements of the general election laws of the State of Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that other candidates for the office of Mayor may be nominated
to be voted for at said special election by petition, which said petition shall be signed by
the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas, equal in number to twenty-five per cent of
the number of votes cast for the justice of the supreme court in the City of Las Vegas at the
last preceding general election. Said nominating petition shall be filed with the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas at least fifteen days prior to date of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all persons who reside within the exterior boundaries of
the City of Las Vegas at the time of holding said special recall election, and are qualified
to vote at said election and whose names appear upon the official register of voters in and
for said City shall have the right to vote at said special recall election for all officers
to be voted for and said question to be submitted to the people at said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be and she is
hereby authorized and directed to notify the County Clerk of the County of Clark to perform
all duties required by him under Sec. 4 of said above mentioned Act, approved March 11, 1929.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be and she
hereby is, authorized and dirested to have official ballots prepared, including all supplies
required for absent voting, and to do and perform all such further acts, and give such notices
as may be necessary or required by the charter of the City or by the general election laws
of the State of Nevada, in order thar said election may be called and held as required by law,
and in order that the qualified voters of said City may have due notice of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be and she hereby
is authorized and directed to notify the persons above appointed as Inspectors and Clerks
of their said appointments

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be and she is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be printed a list of the registered voters.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all provisions of the general election laws of the State
of Nevada, so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said City
Charter and laws relating to recall and special elections, shall be observed in conducting
said special recall election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem of said City of Las Vegas be
and he is hereby authorized and directed to forthwith issue a proclamation giving notice of
the holding of said election, and such other matters as may be necessary to fully and fairly
apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the date, time, places of hold-
ing and purposes of said election, and such other matters as may be deemed proper in the
premises.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that one copy of such proclamation be posted forthwith
by or under the direction of the City Clerk of said City in each election precinct.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada to borrow Forty-nine Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-five and 12/100 Dollars (49,595.12)
to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commission-
ers of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements in
the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite
Process on certain streets and portions streets in said City, to-wit: On Main Street, First
Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville
Street and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said
bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds Series C," and provid-
ing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by dividing the same into ten (10) annual
installments on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same manner as State
and County taxes are collected by law," was read for the first time.

An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, to borrow Thirty-four Thousand Eight Hundred Ninety-eight and 92/100 Dollars ($34,898.92)

to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs
and Gutters and Rough Grading for street improvement on certain streets and portions of streets
in said City, to-wit: On Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street
Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds

of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb