At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the Board stand
adjourned to meet as the Board of City Commissioners Monday, September 8, 1919 at two o'clock
p.m. of said day to take up and consider any and all matters that might come before it.

Office of the City Clark, Las Vegas, Nevada.

September 8, 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 8th day of
September, 1919, at two o'clock p.m. of said day. Present W. E. Ferron, Mayor, Commissioner Conk-
lin Commissioner Thomas and Commissioner Arnold and the City Attorney, Stevens. Mr. Stevens acting
as clerk of the said board on account of the absence of the regular clerk, Harley A. Harmon from the
city.

At this time the clerk presented to the hoard the following:

"Las Vegas, Nev. Sept. 8, 1919. To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.
Gentlemen:

I hereby tender my resignation as City Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas to take
 effect immediately.

	G. H. French."

	Whereupon motion of Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin and

duly carried it was ordered that the resignation of said Commissioner French be and the same is
hereby accepted. The vote upon said resignation being as follows, to-wit:

Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Arnold, aye; Commissioner Thomas, aye; and his Honor
the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye.

There being no further business before the board it was upon motion being duly made
and carried ordered that this board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 1, 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 1st day of
October, 1919, at two o'clock p.m. of said day . Present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor and Commission-
ers, W. E. Arnold and Ralph Thomas with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as appears in claim book on file with the clerk of this board.

At this time the clark presented to the board an ordinance for the second reading, an
ordinance governing gambling and gaming in the city of Las Vegas and providing a license there-
fore as more fully appears in Ordinance Book No. 1 under Ordinance No. 77 of said city; whereupon
motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the above entitled ordinance be passed and pub-
lished for one week in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper, published in the city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Following is the vote upon said Ordinance: Commissioner Thomas, aye, Commissioner Arnold,
aye, and His Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, aye. Noes none.

At this time Ralph Thomas, one of the commissioners, presented the following to the Board;