Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer presented the final replat of Charleston Heights Tract No.

5-A and recommended its approval.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this final replat of Charleston Heights No. 5-A
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills presented the applications of George L. and Gloria
Abrums for a use permit to convert an existing duplex into a professional office at
1626-28 E. Charleston (Lot 3; Block 1, Charleston Square #4) and another application to
convert a duplex dwelling into a professional office at 1630-32 E. Charleston (Lot 4,

Block 1, Charleston Square #4.) Mr. Bills reported that both applications for use permit
had been approved by the Planning Commission subject to the installation of off-site im-
provements, and were in an R-4 zone.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved both of these use permit applications be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 6th day of June, 1956, having considered the application of George and
Gloria Abrums for use permit to convert existing duplex dwellings into professional office
buildings at 1626-28 and 1630-32 East Charleston respective-subject to the installation of
off-site improvements; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving these
applications subject to the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that these applications of George and
Gloria Abrums for use permit to convert existing duplex dwellings into professional office
buildings at 1626-28 and 1630-32 East Charleston respectively be and the same are hereby
approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of the City to construct a fire station at the Northeast corner of East
Charleston and 28th Street was considered at this time. The Planning Commission recommended
this use permit be approved.

His Ho nor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this use permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 6th day of June, 1956, having considered the application of the City of
Las Vegas for use permit to construct a fire station at the northeast corner of East
Charleston and 28th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of the City of
Las Vegas for use permit to construct a fire station at the Northeast comer of East
Charleston and 28th Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Planning Commission recommended the application of the City of Las Vegas for a use
permit to allow Charles Dorfman, contractor for the City's Outfall Sewer, to use a portion
of City property at 35th and Charleston for a construction yard until February 28, 1957,
be approved. Mr. Bills indicated that this would entail approximately 1.93 acres of land,
and approval of this request had previously been granted by the Commission on May 16, 1956.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for sue permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 6th day of June, 1956, having considered the application of the City of Las
Vegas for a use permit to allow Charles Dorfman, contractor for the City's Outfall Sewer,
to use a portion of City property at 35th and Charleston for a construction yard until
February 28, 1957; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of the City of Las
Vegas for use permit to allow Charles Dorfman, contractor of the City's Outfall Sewer, to
use a portion of City Property at 35th and Charleston for a construction yard until
February 28, 1957 be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS

NO. 5A

Approval of Final Replat

USE PERMITS - U-27-56
George Abrums U-28-56

USE PERMIT - U-29-56
City of Las Vegas
Fire Station

USE PERMIT - U-30-56
City of Las Vegas
Dorfman Construction
Yard