Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the appeal filed April 8, 1933
on the use permit granted March 30, 1955 to Dr. Rulon B. Whitehead, U-14-33, be set for
May 18, 1933.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Bunker stated that he sold the property and passed his vote.

Consideration of the Board was given to the appeal filed April 8, protesting the
use permit granted March 30, 1933 to Dr. J. H. Swartzfager et al, U-7-55, for per-
mission to erect a one-story building to be used for medical offices on the west
side of Rancho Road between Charleston and Palomino.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins advised the Commission that it was the
opinion of the City Attorney's office that this appeal was not in proper order
since public hearings had been held by both the Planning Commission and the City
Commission, and there had been no protestants present nor written objections filed
with the Planning Commission. He further stated that any person wishing to appeal
should have appeared at the Planning Commission meeting.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels appeared before the Board protesting the issuance of this use
permit. She requested another hearing so that her clients will not find it necessary
 to take court action.

Mr. Bruce Beckley appeared on behalf of Dr. J. H. Swartzfager et al and requested
that no further action be taken on this matter due to the fact that he concurred
in the opinion of the City Attorney that an appeal was not in order.

Discussion followed. The matter was taken under advisement with a decision to be
made at the next meeting of the Commission.

At this time Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

At this time the Board considered the appeal of Dena Goldring on the demolition
or repair of non-conforming structure at 124-124½ North 1st (L27, B2, CLVT).

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of Dena Goldring appealing the demoli-
tion or repair of non-conforming structure at 124-124½ North 1st Street (L27, B2,

CLVT) be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

At this time the Board considered the application of Heers Associates to construct
a cafe on Lot 1, Block 21, Twin Lakes Village Tract No. 5, continued from March
16, 1955, pending recommendation from the Traffic Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Heers Associates to construct
a cafe on Lot 1, Block 21, Twin Lakes Village Tract No. 3 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett
passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to receive sealed bids and publicly
open the same for the power spraying machine.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

The F. E. Myers & Bro. Co.	No Bid

Clark County Wholesale Merc. Co.

Hardie Manufacturing Co. - Los Angeles, Calif.

Mountain States Implement Co., Ogden, Utah

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Engineer
for recommendation and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

 the Board considered the application of Max Kehn for a permit to convert an
existing apartment building into a maximum of five medical and dental offices
at 400-402 South 12th Street (Block 16, Lots 17 & 18, Pioneer Heights Addition),
held in abeyance from April 6, 1933.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Max Kehn for a use permit to
convert an existing apartment building into a maximum of five medical and dental
offices at 400-402 South 12th Street be deferred until May 18, 1933.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
rezoning ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the liquor ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the license ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

USE PERMIT

Dr. J.H. Swartzfager

U-7-33

DEMOLITION OF STRUCTURE
Dena Goldring

VARIANCE

Heers Associates

V-7-55

BID NO. 33.10
POWER SPRAYING MACHINE
Opened

USE PERMIT  At this time
Max Kehn

U-10-55

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
License Amendment

4-20-55