with the sewer system, who lives outside the city limits was presented.

CITY JAIL	A letter from Doctor Morgan, County Health Doctor regarding conditions at

the City Jail was read and ordered filed.

 CITY HOUSE	Commissioner Tinch moved that the house owned by the City in Westside be

RENTAL	rented to Mr. Shay, the City mechanic at the rental heretofore established

by the Board of City Commissioners. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none,

A letter from Mr. E. I. Knight requesting permission to live on his lots on South Eleventh Street

in a tent house, pending favorable action in regards to building by the F.H.A. was read. The
matter was referred to the City Building Inspector.

HEATING AND AIR	Commissioner Clark moved that the	claim	of	the Heating and Air Conditioning

CONDITIONING	Co. In the sum of $929.75 and the	claim	of	A. L. Worswick	in the sum	of

And	$119.40 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by

A. L. WORSWICK	the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His

Claim	Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MR. FARLEY	Commissioner Smith moved that the	claim	of	Mr. Farley for	the return	of	his

CLAIM	$100.00 cash bond as a plumber contractor for the City of	Las Vegas,	be

	refunded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that $18.05 be transferred to the petty cash. The claim of Mr. Eaton
 of $105.00 for his salary as of December the 1st, and the claim of Dan Potter for $9.10 for
supplies furnished by him, be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

 A.W.	BLACKMAN	Commissioner Smith moved	that the claim of A.	W. Blackman	in the sum of

CLAIM	$405.00 be held over for	further study, and a	report from	Mr. Smith made	on

it at later date. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

SILVER CLUB	Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the application of the Silver Club

GAMING	for a crap table be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PONY EXPRESS	Commissioner Clark moved	that the application	of the Pony	Express Stages	for

	STAGES	a gaming license at 125 South First Street for the first	quarter of 1943	be

GAMING	allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners, Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

 DAVE STEARNS	Commissioner	Clark made a motion	that the application of Dave Stearns for

LIQUOR LICENSE	a retail tavern liquor license at	15 E. Fremont Avenue for 1943 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Commissioners Smith and
Mayor Garrison passed. Voting no, none.

LAS VEGAS CLUB	Commissioner	Smith moved that the	application of the Las Vegas Club for a

GAMING LICENSE	Faro game at	21 E. Fremont Avenue	for the fourth quarter of 1942 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

ELECTRIC SHINE    Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Electric Shine Parlor
PARLOR	at "D" and Jackson, Westside be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Poker Game	Tinch, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TAXI APPLICATION  The application of Lee Spiers for another taxi was denied because of a
 LEE SPIERS	federal ruling asking municipalities not to issue any further taxi licenses,

and the action taken was as follows; Commissioner Tinch moved that the
taxi application of Lee Spiers be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
and Smith and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Tinch voting no.

BALL GAME	An application was read requesting permission to operate a ball game on

South First Street. Commissioner Clark moved that said application be
denied. Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. 

Commissioner Tinch voted no.

SEWAGE DISPOSAL	a letter was read from the Las Vegas Land and Water Co.	regarding a supposed

PLANT	agreement to cover the donation of ten acres of land by	the Las Vegas Land

Agreement	and Water Co. to the City of a new disposal plant. The matter was held over

until next meeting, pending a report from the City Engineer.

FLOWER SALE	The application of the National Brotherhood Service Inc. for permission to

sell flowers in Las Vegas on January the 16th, was referred to the Police
Department.

ORDINANCE	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance regulating the keeping and storage of

GASOLINE	gasoline, benzine, kerosene or any product of petroleum, or hydro-carbon

liquids which will flash or emit an inflammable vapor at a temperature 

below 110' Farenheit, in larger than 10 gallon above ground containers