On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved ana carried
that due to the fact Mayor Russell refused to preside and participate in this meeting with
the four Commissioners namely Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and refusing to
recognize the same as Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that Commissioner Krause as Mayor Pro
tem of the City preside at this meeting and that meeting proceed.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell passing
his vote.

A letter from the Las Vegas Golf Association was read to the Board. Said letter containing a
list of members of the Association asking the Board to designate five of said members to act on
a Board called the City Golf Board.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert sec need by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
the following members be appointed to said Board.

Luther Horner, A.G. Daugherty Dr. C.W. Woodbury Chas DeArmond Lorin Ronnow.

Each of said appointees to serve on said Board at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners
and to receive no compensation, for their services on said Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,
none. Mayor Russell passing his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to the Overland Drug Co.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes
none. Mayor Russell passing his vote.

The preparing of plans for the Municipal Air port for the City of Las Vegas and the con-
struction of an Administration Building thereon were discussed at this time and on motion of Com-
missioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that the Airport Com-
mittee call for plans, specification and estimates for the erection of an Administration Build-
ing at the Municipal Airport costing approximately $40,000.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes
none.	Mayor Russell passing his vote.

The Clerk presented to the Board an amended plat of Park Place as same had been filed in
the office of the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner	Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and	carried

that the amended plat of Park	Place be handed to W.J. Rhoads, Supt	of Streets	and to	Fred	Hesse

Civil Engineer for checking and report to the Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye.

Noes, none. Mayor Russell passing his vote.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved ana carried that this meeting recess until Friday
the 28th day of February, 1941	at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow,	Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro	Tem Krause	voting	aye.	Noes,

none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Friday the 28th day of February, 1941 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

Approved:

Mayor.

Attest:

City Clerk

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 28th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 28th day of February, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert.

Also present Messres Gore, Kaltenborn and Smith. Mr. Clark Not being present.

Commissioner Ronnow ask that the Mayor call the meeting to order. Mayor Russell stated that
he did not recognize the Messrs. Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti as Commissioners and would not
participate in any of the business that might be transacted with these gentlemen acting as Commis-
sioners but had no objection to them holding a meeting, but that he would act with Messrs. Gore,
Kaltenborn and Smith, as his legal authority informed him ana advised him that the last mentioned
gentlemen were the Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Mayor Pro Tem Krause take the chair and preside at this meeting and that he proceed with
said meeting at this time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Noes none. Mayor Russell not voting.

There upon Commissioner Krause was seated as presiding officer of this meeting.

The Clerk at this time presented to the Board for its consideration the claims of several
property owners owning land abutting on the ground used as the Las Vegas Municipal Airport. These
claims covering cost of additional ground needed to extend the airport limits.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that Warrants Nos. 473-1 473-2 473-3 473-4 be allowed and that the Mayor Pro Tem and the Clerk sign
the same when said Warrants and demands had been approved by the City Auditor.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the adopting of a Budget for the City of Las
Vegas for the year 1941 as same had been prepared by the City Auditor A.W. Blackman.