Commissioners Barrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Bunker passed his vote.

575

EXTENSION OF TIME CONDEMNED BUILDINGS 106-108 Fremont	This being the time heretofore set for the continuation of request for extension of time before demolition or repair of 106 and 108 Fremont, the matter was considered by the Board.  z  George Rudiak, representing Lester Goldring and Alfred Ripps and George Marshall, representing Pauline Kline, appeared before the Board at this time. Considerable discussion was held.

Goldring s Cafeteria Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Lester Goldring for extension of time at 108

108 Fremont  	Fremont be denied and the Building Inspector be instructed to post the building as being unsafe.
Mikes Liquor Store 106 Fremont  V	Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Commissioner Bunker moved that the license of Alfred Ripps at 106 Fremont not be issued at this location, but that Mr. Ripps be instructed to appear at the next meeting to ask for a transfer of license to another location.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RENEWAL OF PAWNBROKERS At this time the application of Alexander Coblentz for renewal of Pawnbroker's license
LICENSE	for the State Loan and Jewelry at 104 Fremont was considered by the Board.

State Loan & Jewelry

104 Fremont Commissioner Bunker moved the application for license for Mr. Coblentz be denied and he be
Condemned  Building instructed to appear at the next meeting to request a transfer of location, if he so desires

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
CONDEMNED BUILDINGS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Smith & Chandler at 110 Fremont appear before the next regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to show cause why their license should not be revoked
Smith & Chandler 110 Fremont	for doing business in an unsafe building.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Dr. Walter Fisk 112 No. 3rd St.	Commissioner Whipple moved that Dr. Walter Fisk at 112 North 3rd Street appear before the next regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to show cause why his license should not be revoked for doing business in an unsafe building.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Modern Barber Shop 114 No. 3rd St.	Commissioner Whipple moved that Modern Barber Shop at 114 North 3rd Street appear before the next regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to show cause why their license should not be revoked for doing business in an unsafe building.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Crane & Wright Barber Shop  117 So. 2nd St.	Commissioner Jarrett moved that Crane & Wright Barber Shop at 117 South 2nd Street appear before the next meeting to show cause why their license should not be revoked for doing business in an unsafe building.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ayes; noes, none.
CONDEMNED BUILDING Report	Commissioner Whipple asked that the Building Department furnish the Board with the list of all condemned buildings that have not conformed to their notice and the Police Department and the City Clerk report on all licenses issued in this zone.
Proposed Amendment	Whipple  Commissioner/suggested that a committee be appointed to study the possibility of amending the ordinance governing condemned buildings.  His Honor refered this matter to Commissioners Whipple and Bunker for study and recommendation.

VARIANCE APPLICATION The application of Charles and Libby Shatz for variance to construct ten apartments within
Charles & Libby Shatz  10 feet of the front property line on South 4th Street between Charleston Boulevard and

V-74-53  Denied  ✓	4th Place (Lot 2, Replat of Lot L, Park Race Addition), as recommended by the Planning Commission was considered at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:  BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 20th day of January, 1954, having considered the application of Charles and Libby Shatz for a variance to construct ten apartments within 10 feet of the front property line on South 4th Street; and  The Board having considered the decision of the City Planning Commission recommending denial of this application:  NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Charles and Libby Shatz, V-74-53. be and the same is hereby denied.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE APPLICATION The application of Ruth P. Christman for variance to convert an existing two-car garage

Ruth P. Christman V-95-53 Approved	into a two story building consisting of an apartment on each floor with no rear set back at 524 North l4th Street, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted, and the following resolution adopted;

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in a regular
meeting oh the 20th day of January, 1954, having considered the application of Ruth P.

1-20-54