OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

APRIL 9th, 1941.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 9th day of April, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ronnow.

Minutes of regular meeting of April 4th and recessed meeting of April 8th read and approved as

The Board considered at this time the making of application to the United States Government
through the W P A for aid in constructing an accessory road from highway 91 to the Las Vegas Airport.
and after consideration of the same on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause
it was moved and carried that the Board of Commissioners make application for government aid through
the W P A for an accessory road from highway 91 to the Las Vegas Airport and that the Mayor and Clerk
sign said application. Application being form No. 301 of the W.P.A.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that
all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted. Applications being in proper from and
money on file with the Clerk covering the fees for same.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, one.

The awarding of the purchase of pipe and fittings was the next order of business and on motion
of commissioner Gilbert seconded by commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the bio of
the Standard Wholesale supply Co. in the sum of $683.44 be accepted. Said pipe to be used at the City Park.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the bid of the Ed Von Tobel Lumber Co. in the sum of $174.30 for traffic paint be accepted. This
being the lowest and best bid received.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the City purchase five (5) tires from the General Auto Parts Co. Price $21.78 each and that the City
purchase five (5) tires from the Silver-State Service for $22.79 each and ten (10) tubes from the
Motor Supply Co. at $2.79 each. Theses being what in the opinion of the Board being the best bids
received.

Vote commissioners Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting awe. Noes, none.

The hearing of charges against Mayor Russell as filed by Commissioner Ronnow to be heard on
Monday the 14th day of April, 1941 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M. was discussed at this time and
on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that
the motion setting April 14th at the hour of 9 A.M. for said hearing adopted at a regular meeting
of the Board held on the 4th day of April be rescinded due to the fact that Commissioner Ronnow
would be unable to attend the meeting set for April 14th, 1941. That it was the opinion of the Board
that Commissioner Ronnow be present at the time of the hearing had in regard to the charges filed
against Mayor Russell as Commissioner Ronnow had filed said charges. That the date of the hearing of
said charges be set at a future meeting when the attendance of Commissioner Ronnow would be assured

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
this meeting recess until Wednesday the 16th day of April, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Wednesday the 16th day of April, 1941 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.