the City of Las Vegas on this date but unable to attend this meeting.

Dated: May 25th, 1936

L.L. Arnett	H.P. Marble

Mayor	Commissioner

Jas. H. Down	M.E.Ward

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of May, 1936 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Ward and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth and City Attorney Taylor.

The Board at once entered into a discussion on the business of the Mayor and Attorney
appearing in Washington D.C. and testifying before the Interstate Commission on the application
of the Transcontinental Western Air for permission to operate an air line through the City of
Las Vegas, After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded
by commissioner Down the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED: That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas authorize the Mayor,

L.L. Arnett, and City Attorney Ryland Taylor to appear before the Interstate Commission in
Washington, D.C. June, 2nd, and testify in regard to the application of the Transcontinental
Western Air Corporation for permission to establish an airline from San Francisco, California
to Albuquerque N.M. via of Las Vegas, Nevada. Said trip to be of no expense to the City of L.V.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Commissioner Farnsworth absent.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 27th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 27th day of May, 1936.

The following answered roll call, Jas. H. Down, Mayor pro tem, Commissioners Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, Deputy City Attorney Ham, and City Clerk

Absent Mayor Arnett, and City Attorney Taylor.

Frank Bressette, Sexton of Woodlawn Cemetery appeared before the Board in regard to
securing a new motor mower for the Cemetery.

On Motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a motor mower for immediate delivery. Warrant to be drawn on the Cem-
etery Fund covering the cost of same, approximately $350.00.

Vote was Commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Dr. Park, Chairmen of the Las
Vegas Municipal golf Club Committee asking that some one from the Golf Club be appointed to
act for him during his absence through the summer months.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that I.S. Crandall be appointed to act in this capacity during Dr. Park's absence.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

A number of operators of grocery stores appeared before the Board protesting the
passage of the Sun. Closing Ordinance.

They were informed that no action would be taken until the Fourth of June, 1936.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.