and also to say hello to	Mrs. Schnaer. We paid $107.00	for	a gift of a pair

of lamps, which she	justly deserved — she, who had sat	down and observed our

children. Diane Schnaer refused to have a cup of coffee on her visit. We could
expect no intimacy. She gossips very badly. Too much food; not motherly. I
told Diane she might work out. We expected changes but not a complete shake-down.

She told other nurseries if they stayed with me they would be in trouble.

COMM. FOUNTAIN:	I understood Msgr. Carmody to say he asked you questions and you

told him it was none of his business.

CONNIE MORMON:	I did not make this statement.

COMM. SHARP:	What do you mean by shake down?

CONNIE MORMON:	You	have	a new person taking over and a	new	person with ideas	of

her	own.	We expected a few changes but	not	all this woman would

recommend. If the nurse would tell us what is wrong you would never have any trouble.
I tried to be friendly.

COMM. SHARP:	Is Mrs. Atchley here?

CONNIE MORMON:	She had an accident and is under sedation.

MR. GALANE:	We can secure an affidavit from Mrs. Atchley, and I would be glad to

submit this affidavit corroborating her statement.

JACK PURSEL:	Are there any more witnesses?

MR. GALANE:	I would like to request one more witness. Laura Smith.

LAURA SMITH:	I had a conversation with Diane Schnaer the middle of May. I went to

the Child Welfare Nurse concerning operation of schools here, and asked
her if any place might be available here. I had a school in Texas. She told me that
Bo-Peep might be interested in selling. I was told by her that one operator was on
probation at this time. She said, "If her license is	not revoked we plan to ask	her

to resign." She also told	me that she was infringing	on Mrs. Magleby's name.	I

went to Connie Mormon's nursery and observed her lovely place, and stopped to tell
her we might be interested	in buying her place if her	license was revoked. I	talked

with two other operators.	Peter Pan invited me over,	but I did not have time	to	 go

there.

COMM. WHIPPLE:	Did you visit Connie Mormon on Charleston?

LAURA SMITH:	Yes, and on several occasions for three or four hours, long enough to

observe her method of operation.

MR. GALANE:	Were you there when the child had the mumps?

LAURA SMITH:	Yes, the child's neck was swollen. The doctor was called and he was

busy, so the child was carried to the doctor's office.

MR. KENNEDY:	I would like to say for the record that Mrs. Schnaer was told by her

boss, Mr. Jean Dutton, not to sit around drinking coffee; that was not

her job.

LAURA SMITH:	At the time I was in Mrs. Schnaer's office she stated they did not

want this to come to trial at that time; they would rather wait for it
to come to trial after the election.

DIANE SCHNAER:	I would have been very foolish to have made such a statement. No, I

did not make this statement.

LAURA SMITH:	She did make the statement.

MR. GALANE: As reluctant as I am, this is all the witnesses, as it is getting late.

Mrs. Mormon has spoken better than an attorney. We would ask one thing.
We do not want probation; we want dismissal of the charges. If you put this license
on probation we will ask for review. We ask for dismissal of charges. As far as
the nurse is concerned that is up to you. We wish a finality on this matter.

-0O0-

At the hour of 11:10 p.m. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 11:50 p.m. with all members present as of the opening session.

-oOo-

Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting be recessed to 4:00 p.m. tomorrow 
afternoon, Thursday, July 23, 1959, in the Council Chamber of the City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

-oOo-

This meeting was reconvened at the hour of 4:00 p.m., Thursday, July 23, 1959
in the Council Chambers of the City Hall with all members present as of the
opening session.

MAYOR GRAGSON:	I will call the meeting to order for the continuation of the special

meeting held last night and recessed to this time. We will continue
with the Show Cause Hearing of Connie Mormon and why her licenses to operate two
nurseries should not be revoked. I believe you had something to say, Mr. Galane.

MR. GALANE:	Yes, I did, and I wish to thank you for this opportunity. I have a brief

7-22-59 and 7-23-59