ORDINANCE NO. 4

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF TELEPHONE, TELEGRAPH AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANIES
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

Each and every telephone company, telegraph company and electric light company doing
business in the City of Las Vegas shall as a condition precedent to the doing of any such
business pay to the treasurer of said City the sum of ten dollars on the first day of January, April, 

July and October as a license fee for the doing of such business for the quarter year
next immediately following such payment; provided that no license shall be issued for a pe-
riod of time less than a quarter year expiring on the last day of March June, September and
December.

And person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall	

be subject to a penalty of not more than three hundred dollars to be recovered in an appro-
priate action before the Judge of the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas. The necessity appearing
it was voted unanimousaly by all members that this ordance be passed as an emergancy ordance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by
the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin,
and duly carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk in-
structed to have the same published as by law provided. The vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel, Mayor protem aye; Coughlin aye; Stewart aye; McGovern aye.

ORDINANCE NO. 5

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT STOCK RUNNING AT LARGE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Sec. 1. It shall be unlawful to allow or permit any meat cattle, horses, mules, don-
keys, burros, sheep, goats, geese, ducks, turkeys or hens or chickens to run at large within
the limits of the city of Las Vegas.

Sec. 2. Any stock or fowls found running at large in said city shall be taken into the
custody of the Chief of Police and when so taken up shall be kept, fed and cared for at the
expense of the owner, and such owner shall before taking the same sway, pay the said officer
the reasonable charges for keeping, caring for and feeding such impounded animals and stock
or poultry and the further sum of one dollar per head for taking the same in charge.

Sec. 3 The Chief of Police having in charge after they have been impounded any stock

or poultry which has been found running at large in said City shall within twenty-four hourss

after taking up and impounding the same, post in three public and conspicuous places, notices

describing such animals or poultry, giving marks and brands if any there by and stating that

such stock or poultry so described is in his custody and charge and if not taken out by

the owner or owners or agent for such owner or other person having charge thereof by paying

the charges thereon will be sold at public auction at the front door of the City Jail in

said City to the highest bidder and such notice shall be posted at least ten days prior to

such sale, and out of the proceeds of such sale, the said officer shall deduct the cost of

impounding and keeping said stock and poultry together with all accruing costs and charges

and pay the remainder if any into the treasurer of the City of Las Vegas. The necessity appearing it
was upon motion duly made and carried orded that this ordance be passed as an emergancy ordance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the
Board it was upon motion of commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughly, and duly
carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the clerk instructed
to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel,

Mayor protem aye; Coughlin aye; Stewart aye; McGovern aye.