OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA. August 13, 1928.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 13 day of August, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk then read the following call for a special meeting.

Las Vegas, Nev. Aug. 13, 1928.

To Wm. L. Scott,

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas and
Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to meet at the council room of said Board on Monday, the 13th day
of August, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. on said last mentioned date to
consider and act upon a modification of the contract heretofore entered into with
Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said City with reference to the City Park or
Fairgrounds. You will give notice in accordance herewith.

J. F. Hesse 

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk thereupon read the following notice of special meeting .

To J. F. Hesse, Mayor, and to
W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

LeRoy Neagle, and O. J. Smith,

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

You are hereby notified, that, upon a call issued by the Mayor of Las Vegas,

that a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will

be held in the Council Room of said Board on Monday, the 13th day of August, 1928,

at the hour of three o'clock, P. M., to consider an action upon the modification of

the contract heretofore entered into by the Las Vegas Land and Water Company and

said City of Las Vegas with reference to the City Park or Fair Grounds.

Date this 13th day of Aug., 1928.

Wm. L. Scott

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice this
13th day of August, 1928.

 J. F. Hesse 

 O. J. Smith 

 W. C. German 

 W. B. Mundy 

 LeRoy Neagle 

Thereupon, the Board at this time was engaged in the discussion of certain phases of the various

contracts in connection with the building of the Tourist hotel, the County Commissioners attending

in a body and participating in the discussion.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn.