OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 20th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 20th day of March 1930 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Tomas, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of March 18th, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. and March 18th at
the hour of seven P.M. and March 19th at the hour of seven P.M. read and approved as read.

Mr. R.E. Hazard of the Hazard Contracting Company of San Diego was present and informed
the Board that Mr. Mann of the Mann Co. had been called out of the City. With Mr. Mann out of
the City the Board could not take up the matter of the transferring of the curb and gutter,
and rough grading contract from the R.E. Hazard Contracting Co; to the Mann Company.

The application of E.B. Keelen and C.E. Wyatt for permission to use the streets and
alleys and public places of the City of Las Vegas for laying gas mains was next brought before
the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Res-
olution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board that no permit for use of the streets,
alleys and public places in the City for gas mains and appliances and appurtenance be granted
to any applicant except on the terms that at the time of the acceptance of such permit a
surety company bond in the liquidated amount of $5,000.00 be furnished to the City guaranteeing
the fulfillment if the terms of the permit, and particularly that work be commenced within
such time as the Board may fix after the certificate of Public Convenience is obtained, and
that such certificate shall be obtained within such time as is provided in such permit, and
that work shall prosecuted with diligence thereafter.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 26th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 26th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board, of City Commissioners held on the 26th
day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, German, and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of March 20th, 1930 read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
bond presented to the Board of Commissioners from the Las Vegas Union School District be ac-
cepted, and Clerk to file same.

Said bond is in accordance with Sec. 2, of Ordinance No. 37 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled, "An Ordinance regulating excavations in the streets, alleys, sidewalks, highways,
public squares, and places in the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto."

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Smith and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

	Letter from C.E. Smith thanking the Board for the words of praise as to the life

and character of E.E. Smith was read to the Board. Clerk to place same on file.

A letter from the Board of Education was presented to the Board of Commissioners
asking that the dirt excavated at the time of grading for new street improvements be haul-
ed to the site of the new Las Vegas High School Athletic Field to aid in the filling in
of said field. Said letter was referred to Commissioner of Streets O.J. Smith.

A letter from the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company was next brought before
the Board. Said letter was in regards to the Sewer Plans prepared by Koebig and Koebig for
the City of Las Vegas. Clerk was directed to write to the Los Angeles, and Salt Lake Rail-
road Company that said letter had been received, and ask that at such a time as an engin-
eer had been assigned to go over said plans to kindly inform the Board as to their com-
pleteness.

E.B. Keelen, appeared before the Board in regards to a Permit to install maintain
and lay down gas mains in the City of Las Vegas. Application for said Permit having been

filed with the Board March 10th, 1930. Mr. Keelen informed the Board that the company he

was representing would comply with the terms of the Resolution adopted March 20th 1930.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Friday the 28th day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.