DICK'S BAR	 Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Dick Gard for

Gaming	a draw poker game at 118 North First Street be denied. Motion

Seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

SPIC & SPAN SHOP	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of Lester Goldring

Gaming	to operate four slot machines at 129 East Fremont Avenue be granted.

  Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting

aye. Commissioner Tinch passed. Noes, none.

SLOT MACHINE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Harry L. Samet

Gaming	at the Slot Machine at 101 East Fremont Avenue for a 01¢ slot 

  machine be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

FRANK LANCASTER	The application of Frank Lancaster for a slot machine license

Gaming	  at Snyder's Underpass Store on Bonanza Road was held up pending

 court action.

EIGHT BALL BAR	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the application of Abe

Gaming	 Proloff of the Eight Ball Bar at 117 North First Street for a

  slot machine license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SEWELS GROCERY	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the application of Sewells

Gaming	  Grocery Store at 309 Fremont Street for renewal of slot machine

license be held up pending an investigation and that the machines
be turned to the wall until a license is obtained. Motion died
for want of a second. Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the
application of Sewells Grocery Store at 309 Fremont for renewal
of slot machine license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, and His Honor voting aye. Noes: Commissioner
Tinch.

MOETAUB CAFE	The application of C. R. Millhizer for a slot machine license at

Gaming	 the Moetaub Cafe at First and Ogden was not considered as it did

not comply with the city gaming ordinance.

LINCOLN AUTO COURT    Commissioner Clark moved that the application of L. P. Lawrence
Gaming	for a slot machine license at the Lincoln Auto Court at 1502

South Fifth Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ANNIE ROONEY CHILE    Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Jay

PARLOR	 Robb for a slot machine license at Annie Rooney Chile Parlor at

Gaming	508 Jackson Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark,
 Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BELVEDERE GARDENS	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of C. R.

Gaming	 Millhizer for a slot machine license at the Belvedere Gardens

  at H. and Harrison be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
 Rubidoux and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

ANNIE ROONEY CHILE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of C. R. Millhizer

PARLOR	for a dice table at Annie Rooney's Chile Parlor at 508 Jackson

Gaming	 Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and

carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ANNIE ROONEY CHILE	  Commissioner Clark moved that the application of C. R. Millhizer

PARLOR	  for a slot machine license at the Annie Rooney Chile Parlor at 508 

Gaming	 Jackson Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch

and carried by the following votes Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NEVADA CAFE	The application of Theodore Michelon for a slot machine license

Gaming	  at the Nevada Cafe at 113 North First Street for the third and

fourth quarters were ordered held up pending court action and the
machines ordered turned to the wall.

MONTGOMERY RESTAURANT  Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of C. B.

Gaming	   Eisenberg for a slot machine license at the Montgomery Restaurant

at 614 South Fifth Street be granted. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, and His Honor voting aye. Noes: 

Commissioner Tinch.

CLARK MARKET	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Mark S.

Gaming	Schulman for licenses for five slot machines at the Clark Market

  at 1500 East Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark, Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.