LICENSE COLLECTOR	Commissioner Clark stated that beginning February the 17th he would put a 

CLERK'S OFFICE	man on license collecting to work out of the City Clerk's office. 

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be authorized to purchase $50.00
worth of stamps. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE 244	Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to hire a

PROPOSED 	person to assist him in the matter of amending Ordinance No. 244 in regard 

AMENDMENT	to city licenses and to make a report to the Board at the next regular

meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

ENGINEERING DEPT. Commissioner Tinch read the report of the City Engineer who was out of
REPORT	town.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Tinch moved that a check be drawn for $20.00 to accompany an	

EFLUENT	application to the State Engineer of Nevada for the appropriation of the	

efluent from the disposal plant. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CITY ENGINEER	Commissioner Tinch moved that the City Engineer, Harlan Brown be allowed a

VACATION	two weeks vacation starting February the 16th. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

STREET DEPT.	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be authorized to purchase

TAPS & DIES	a set of second-hand taps and dies for bolts at an estimated cost	of $35.00. 

FOR BOLTS	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

ARC WELDING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be authorized to purchase

a second-hand arc welding set for $75.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner 
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch

and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Smith voted no.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of the Frontier Club at 115

FRONTIER CLUB	Fremont St. for a race horse book and the application of the Blue	Cab Taxi at

BLUE CAB TAXI	127 N. Main St. for one slot machine be granted. Motion seconded	by Comm-
issioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PETITION	A certain petition signed by several property owners relative to the operation

DR. BERNKRANT	of a veterinarian hospital in the residential zone was read to the Board. 

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the petition be denied and that the 

recommendation of the Planning Board be upheld. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PETITION	A certain petition signed by a number of property owners requesting permission

GYNMASIUM	for Mrs. Grace Ball to conduct a school of gymnasium at 302 South 4th St.,

Las Vegas, Nevada, was referred to the Planning Commission.

RED CROSS	A communication from the chairman of the Red Cross, Halley Stewart, 

FLOAT	requesting the City to enter a float in the parade on the 28th of February was 

read and the Clerk was instructed to write a letter to Mr. Stewart informing him
that the City did not have funds to comply with his request.

RECREATION DEPT.     A letter was read from the Las Vegas Recreation Dept, requesting the City
GRASS SEED	to purchase a hundred pounds of Burmuda grass seed to be used in the City park.

At this time Mr. Cazier stated that there were two hundred pounds of grass 
seed at the express office which was addressed to the Golf Board. Thereafter,
it was the order of the Board that this grass seed be used jointly by the Rec-
reation Dept, and the golf course.

CITY ATTORNEY	The written opinion of the City Attorney on the special bank account for the

OPINIONS	Clerk and also a letter from the Clerk, on the same matter, were read.	

Opinions of the City Attorney covering the site of the county health center
building and also the amendments to the City charter were read and ordered
filed.

SEWER SYSTEM	A proposed form of lease between the City of Las Vegas and the United States

LEASE	government, regarding the sewer system, was referred to the City Attorney for 

recommendation.

WET GARBAGE	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be re-let for the sale of wet garbage by the

BIDS	City. Said bids to be opened at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded 

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until March the 4th,

1943 at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.