1955 CENSUS

ATLANTIC BOULEVARD

FINAL ACCEPTANCE & RELEASE
OF BOND

Charleston Park #1

BASKETBALL BACKSTOPS &
GOALS

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Romy Hammes, Inc.
Maryland Parkway

Pioneer Builders

Zaugg Tract

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Westside Tavern he given 90 days to comply with the
code or demolish the said building. The Board would also like a Progress Report
in 30 days.

Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr Bert O'Donnell representing the Chamber of Commerce requested that the City
of Las Vegas help with the payment of a census to be taken next year. The cost to
the City would be approximately $2,630 00 which would be paid to the United States
Government. The Chamber of Commerce would raise the additional $4,500.00 to pay for
the cost of hiring local people to take this census.

The Chamber of Commerce feels that this is very necessary as in the 1950 census,

Las Vegas was credited with only 26,000 people and today it is known there are approx-
imately 50,000. Many large companies will not finance this area because of belief it
is a small town. The City will benefit greatly from the official recognition of
Las Vegas being a large city.

City Attorney Cannon stated that if this money is allocated and sent to the United
States Government, there is no return even if the Chamber of Commerce is unable to
raise the additional funds.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Attorney be authorized to draw up the appropriate
resolution authorizing the expenditure of funds.

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion which was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp stated that this census would only cover the City.

Director of Public Works George Wade requested permission to issue a Purchase Order
in the amount of $600.00 payable to Tyson Engineering for the design and stakeout of
extension of Atlantic Avenue from St. Louis to San Francisco.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this expenditure be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Wade recommended the final acceptance and release of bond subject to two conditions;
one, an additional bond to insure the hooking up of the street lights (Tract No. 1 and
No. 2 are now on one line, and the lights in No. 1 cannot be put on until Tract No. 2
is finished) two, submission of the As-Built drawings which are now 95 per cent complete.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final acceptance and release of bond be approved subject
to the condition of a bond in the amount of $5,000 being submitted to insure the hooking
up of the street lights.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Wade requested permission to advertise for bids for basketball backstops and goals
for the Recreation Center at a probable cost of $1,600.

Commissioner Whipple moved that permission be granted to advertise for bids providing
funds are definitely available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street
purposes in Maryland Parkway, 100-23, executed by Romy Hammes, Inc.

On Motion of Commissioner Whipple duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by
unanimous vote, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of October, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd day
of October, 1954, executed by Romy Hammes, Inc. to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a right of way deed for street
purposes in the Zaugg Tract executed by Pioneer Builders, deed date September 27, 1954.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried,
the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of October, 1954, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 27th day
of September, 1954, executed by Pioneer Builders to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

10-20-54