After a general discussion in regards to the letter from the Chamber of Commerce upon
motion of Commissioners Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the letter
be placed on file.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. F. A. Stevens of the Las Vegas Public Library Board informed the Board of City 
Commissioners that Mrs. Anna Bracken would serve on the Library Board filling the place of E.E.
Smith deceased. He also informed the Board that there was some 5,000 books in the Library, and
that the Library Board had looked into the matter of insuring the Library, and building., and
placed the value of each book at about 75cents/

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
Anna Bracken be appointed on the Library Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
Library Board have the Library and contents insured, and to secure policy for same.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Motion by Commissioner Hansell seconded by Mayor Hesse that proposed ordinance entitled
"An Ordinance prescribing the location of houses of illfame, hurdy gurdy houses, bawry houses,
and any and all places to which persons resort for lewd or lascivious purposes, or for the
purposes of lewdness or prostitution, prescribing punishment for the violation of this ordinance
and other matters relating thereto," be read for a first time.

Moved by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, that the above motion be
amended to the effect that the reading of said Ordinance be laid over for further investigation
before first reading.

Vote on the amendment was as follows; Commissioners German, nomas, and Smith voting
Aye, and Commissioner Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting no.

Commissioner Thomas moved, and the motion was seconded by Commissioner Smith that the meet-
ing recess until Thursday the 30th day of January at the hour of 8:30 o'clock P.M.

Vote as follows : Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 30th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 30th day of
January 1950 at the hour of eight thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

The bill of John R. Davies for $11,990.00 the final payment on the ornamental
street light system was presented to the Board. As all the parties assessed for said im-
provement had not paid their respective assessment it was move by Commissioner German,

and seconded by Commissioner Thomas that a warrant for the sum of $7,500.00 be drawn on
the Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Lighting Fund same to be forwarded to John Davies at
once, and the balance to be paid after the first.

Vote on said resolution was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The bond of L.H. Rockwell, Electrical Inspector was presented to the Board. Same
being approved by the Mayor, and Clerk to place same on file.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that "An Ordinance prescribing the location of houses of ill-fame, hurdy gurdy houses, bawdy
houses, and any and all places to which persons resort for lewd or lascivious purposes, or
for the purposes of lewdness or prostitution, prescribing ,prescribing punishment for the
violation of this ordinance, and other matters relating thereto," be read fora firsttime.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon City Attorney Stevens read said Ordinance for a first time.

The council was addressed on the subject of said Ordinance by the following: Jack
Irish, T. A. Wells, Harry Blanding, Clarence Stay, Harry Anderson, Mrs. Agens McLaughlin,

J. L. Filbey, Him. Ellis, Mr. Chapman, and Wm. Cantrell.

Motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German to adjourn until
the next regular meeting. On being put to a vote the vote was as follows; Commissioners Hansell
German, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.