352

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids, a sworn statement
of their financial responsibility, technical ability and experience. Such sworn statement may
be required to be furnished before award is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the Office of the City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's check or bid bond for five (5)
per cent of the amount of the bid, made payable to the order of the City Of Las Vegas, Nevada;
shall be sealed and filed with the Board of City Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas,

Nevada, on or before March 22, 1949 at 2:10 o'clock P.M. and will be opened and publicly read
aloud at or a out 2:15 o'clock P.M. of that day in the Council Chamber.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the bidder will enter
into the contract if awarded to him and will be declared forfeited if the successful bidder refuses
to enter into said contract after being requested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada reserves the right to reject
any or all bids or waive any informality in a bid.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of thirty (30) days after the date set for the
opening thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote* Commissioners Baskin,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Moore and Clark.

Commissioner Moore returned to the meeting at this time.

RESOLUTION-No. 132 Commissioner Whipple moved that the following resolution be adopted:

Limitation on

Slot Machines	RESOLUTION

	WHEREAS, the area for which a license may be issued for gambling is confined to the district

bounded by the east side of Main Street, the south side of Stewart Avenue, the west side of Second
Street, and the north side of Carson Avenue, and also on both sides of West Jackson Avenue between
North D Street and North F Street, and outside this district in any hotel having at least on hundred
guest rooms; and

WHEREAS, a license may be issued for the operation of slot machines outside of the above herein
mentioned district to the owner of any other regularly established and duly licensed business; and

WHEREAS, the increased development in the operation and conduct of slot machines has augmented
the burdens of city government; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that the number of slot machine licenses in any
establishment be limited to eight (8), except in a gambling establishment having a gambling license
or any slot machine Arcades being operated as such this date; and

WHEREAS, a gambling establishment shall be considered any establishment that is licensed for
gambling games other than those licensed to operate slot machines.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
	recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 11th day of February, l949, that the number of slot

machine licenses be limited to eight (8) licenses for any regular established and duly licensed business, except for any slot
	 	 machine Arcades being operated as such this date or any gambling establishment having a gambling

license; a gambling establishment shall be considered any establishment that is licensed for
gambling games other than those licensed to operate slot machines.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark

LIQUOR APPLI- Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Paul R. Gang, Main Liquor Store to operate his

CATION	Retail Package Liquor License at 418 North 5th Street be granted.

Paul R. Gang

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Moore. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

CANCELLATION	Commissioner Moore moved that the Cancellation Agreement on the Government Lease covering the Airway

AGREEMENT-	Communication Station at McCarran Field be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign

U. S. GOVERNMENT same.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

CANCER PREVENTION Commissioner Whipple moved that the request of the Cancer Prevention Society for permission to
SOCIETY	solicit funds in the City of Las Vegas be referred to the Chamber of Commerce.	

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark

CITY IRON WORKS Commissioner Whipple moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the escrow papers
Escrow Papers for the purchase of equipment and materials from the City Iron Works.	

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner Baskin moved
that this meeting adjourn until February 21, 1949 at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor

City Clerk