HOTEL SAHARA PRO-AMATEUR     Commissioner Whipple moved the request to use the Municipal Golf Course for the
GOLF TOURNAMENT	Second Hotel Sahara Pro-Amateur Golf Tournament on October 27, 28, and 29, 1959,

be approved and the association to reimburse the City of Las Vegas in the amount
Approved	of $500.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

PURCHASE REQUISITION	Acting City Manager Robert D. Heath requested approval of purchase requisition in the

Filing Cabinets	amount of $2,356.50, to the First Office Equipment Company for a year's supply of

filing cabinets. Mr. Heath advised this was the first attempt at bulk purchasing and
Approved	it was estimated a saving of $500.00 to $600.00 could be made over piece-meal 

purchases throughout the year. This was the lowest of four bids received.

Commissioner Fountain moved purchase requisition in the amount of $2,356.50, to the
First Office Equipment Company for a year's supply of filing cabinets be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

BID NO. 59.55	Commissioner Whipple moved Bid No. 59.55 for 15 2-Way Mobile Radios and 4 2-Way

Mobile and Motorcycle	Motorcycle Radios be awarded to the Motorola Communications and Electronics, Inc.,

Radios	in the amount of $8,331.00 for Item No. 1, Alt. No. 2, and $2,887.00 for Item No. 2,

as recommended by the Acting City Manager and Chief of Police.

Award - Motorola, Inc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

BID NO. 59.15	Commissioner Sharp moved approval be given for partial payment to the Acme Electric

Main Street Lighting	Company in the amount of $1,403.05, for contract estimate on Bid No. 59.15, North

Bonanza to Owens	Main Street Lighting, and the director of Finance and City Treasurer be authorized

to issue the warrant.

Partial Payment Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

A. LORING PRIMEAUX	Commissioner Whipple moved the appointment of A. Loring Primeaux as Assistant City

Assistant City Attorney Attorney    effective August 24, 1959, be approved.

Appointed	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

A. H. KENNEDY	Commissioner Sharp moved City Manager, A. H. .Kennedy, be granted up to 60 days leave

City Manager	of absence with pay in the event that the sick leave he had available was not sufficient 

to cover his current illness.

60-day Leave of

Absence with Pay	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Approved	Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE         Additional time was requested for the proposed Child Welfare Ordinance which was 
Child Welfare Ordinance              introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held

July 1, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for 
Continued	recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for the proposed Escort Bureau Ordinance which was 

Escort Bureau	introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held

July 15, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Elwell, committee for 
Continued	recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE           Additional time was requested for the proposed Motel Ordinance which was introduced
Motel Ordinance	and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held

August 5, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for
Continued	recommendation.

ORDINANCE NO. 806	An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,

Rezoning (Z-13-59)	REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING

THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING
Adopted	DESIGNATION	OF	CERTAIN AREAS OF THE SAID MAP, was read by title and reported on

favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 806 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

REZONING (Z-9-58)	The Commission again considered the application of Dr. Darryl N. Leavitt for the

Darryl N. Leavitt	reclassification of property located on the south side of West Charleston Boulevard

between Highland Drive and Desert Lane from R-1 and R-4 to C-2. This application was
Public Hearing	held in abeyance at the regular meeting of August 5, 1959.

September 16, 1959

Commissioner Whipple stated that this application had been pending for some time and
he was of the opinion they ought to act on it and he had hoped the Planning Commission
would have had a recommendation for them at this time. Commissioner Sharp stated he
had attended the Planning Commission and the owners in the area are opposed to any
commercial zoning but did not object to R-4, which would allow a medical center and
other use permits that could be controlled. He added that a petition to this effect
had been filed.

Commissioner Whipple asked if a root beer stand was allowable in an R-4 zoning and

9-2-59