3rd day of October, 1955, executed by Richard Swartz and Violet Swartz, husband and
wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and inten-
tions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

George E. Wade, City Engineer, presented a deed from Jessie N. Hunt for St. Louis
Street, and recommended that this deed be accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of October, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement dated
the 5th day of October, 1955; executed by Jessie N. Hunt, a widow, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

At this time George E. Wade, City Engineer, presented deed correcting the description
on the property granted to the State of Nevada for their building on the southeast
comer of Bonanza and 2nd Streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved this deed be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The request of Harry Hayden Whitely, architect for the proposed Prison Farm, for pay-
ment of $600.00 was presented for consideration.

The Board instructed City Engineer George E. Wade to request Mr. Whitely to present
plans on this proposed construction to the Commission before payment is authorized.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon presented the modification of the agreement with the Clark
County Humane Society for the operation of the Animal Shelter. Mr. Cannon explained
that this modification incorporated the description of the new location of the Shelter.

Thereafter, Commissioner Sharp moved the modification of agreement for the Animal Shel-
ter with the Clark County Humane Society be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrant Nos. 7027 to 7490 inclusive in the net
amount of $60,553.34 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrant Nos. 4561 to 4695 inclusive
in the total amount of $96,575.59 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ira Halliburton dba Western Cab Company
for license for two replacement taxicabs be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

GENE'S AUTO BODY	1528	South "A"	B.	D.	Walsh

W. M. K. TRANSITMIX	1606	Industrial	Rd.	B.	D.	Walsh

W. M. K. INDUSTRIAL BLDG.          2133	Industrial	Rd.	B.	D.	Walsh

LAS VEGAS MACHINE	1701	South "A"	B.	D.	Walsh

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
St. Louis Street

CORRECTED DEED
State Building

PRISON FARM ARCHITECT

ANIMAL SHELTER AGREEMENT
Clark County Humane
Society

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

TAXI APPLICATION
CIGARETTE LICENSES