A letter was read from James Crossan, Golf Professional, regarding the hiring of Mrs. Croasan
as secretary at the Golf Club, and same was referred to the Chairman of the Golf Board.
Commissioner Rubidoux was instructed to contact said Chairman and make a report at the next
regular meeting.

A letter was read from Walter E. Bond, Acting Secretary of the Airport Advisory Board, stating
that it was the unanimous opinion of the Advisory Board that it would be to the best interest
of the city to grant the request of the Western Air Express for a ten year lease for certain
city owned land situated near the gunnery school for a transmitter site. The matter was
continued until the next regular meeting and Commissioner Smith was requested to make an
investigation as to the matter of rental of said site.

A letter was read from the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce regarding zoning ordinance
for regulation of building heights to protect the approaches to the	Las Vegas Airport and

same was referred to the Chairman of the Planning Board for a report.

A letter was read from the American Legion requesting permission to use a certain water
heater located in the basement of the War Memorial Building, Commissioner Clark made a
motion that the request be granted* Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

A letter was read from Edwin J. Miller of Los Angeles regarding the	establishing of a

roadway along the north line of certain property owned by him.	The	matter was	referred to

the city engineer.

A letter signed by Frank M. Ryan was read and referred to the city engineer.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the bill for the refrigerator at the golf course in
the sum of $125. 00 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

A letter signed by Opal Bishop protesting the purported issuance of a building permit for
a warehouse in the Valley View Addition. The City Clerk was directed to write a letter
to Mrs. Bishop stating that no permit had been issued for the erection of said warehouse.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the bid of the Service Printers, which was the only
bid received, be accepted for 1000 sets building permit forms in the sum of $14.25. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vore. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Clark made a motion that the bid of Service Printers the only bid received, for 2000 electrical
inspection cards in the sum of $15.50 be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Bids on two 1½ ton dump trucks from the following firms were opened at this time. Clark County
Wholesale Company, Community Chevrolet, Hogan and Westlake and James Cashman*

It appearing that the bid of the Chevrolet Company was the lowest bid, Commissioner
Clark made a motion that said bid be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark Rubidoux and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Neva Johnson, secretary of the Advisory Committee of the Clark
County Health Department regarding a resolution adopted by said Committee indorsing the
hiring of Dr. Ernest Newman as City Health Officer. The matter was referred to the City
Attorney and the Clerk was instructed to write to Dr. Newman requesting him to be present
at the next regular meeting of the Board, October 16th, 1941.

A letter was read from J.R. Lewis demanding the Commissioners to enforce Ordinance No. 194.
Thereafter, a letter was read from Paul Ralli, City attorney, advising the Commissioners
of their action to be taken regarding the enforcement of said Ordinance No. 194.

The Clerk, at this time, read the written order of the Mayor ordering the Police Department
to enforce Ordinance #194. Thereafter, Commissioner Smith made a motion that the Board of
City Commissioners sustain the position taken by the Honorable Mayor regarding said Ordinance
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Clark and Rubidoux voting aye. Noes, none.	Mayor Garrison passed his

vote.

The Clerk was directed to mail a copy of the Mayor's letter to the Chief of Police.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the Mayor be authorized to sign the necessary blanks
relative to deeding to the United States Government a certain plot of ground for a recreat-
ional building and such other documents as may be necessary to complete said land donation
to the United States of America* Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, United Service Organization has requested recreation centers to be built hear
or adjacent to camp sites, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has two camp sites located near the city, McCarran Field and
Camp Sibert, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has city owned land set aside for recreation on which a suitable
site can be allocated for this purpose,

IT IS THEREFORE RESOLVED by the Council of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, as follows: