At this time the Board took up the business of extending the fire zone in the City of
Las Vegas, and after due consideration the following Resolution was duly adopted on being
introduced by Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas:

RESOLVED, that Fire Zone No. 2 as defined in proposed Ordinance No. 169 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance No. 169 of the City of Las Vegas," be and the same is hereby
established to cover the same area as is covered by the commercial district as defined in
Ordinance No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, and as particularly is shown on that certain Map
on file in the office of the City Clerk designated as "Fire Zones of the City of Las Vegas, as
amended in connection with Ordinance No. 169 of said City," and particularly described as
follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City limits to a depth no ex-
ceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south city limits to the North city
limits to a depth not exceeding one hundred fifty feet (150); all lots fronting on First Street
from Bridger street to Stewart Street; all lots fronting on Second Street from Stewart Street
to Clark Street; all lots fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all
lots fronting on Fourth Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on
Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh and Twelfth Streets from Stewart Street to
Carson Street; all lots fronting on the south side of Stewart Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth
Street; all lots fronting on the North Side of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street;
all lots fronting on Ogden Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street. All lots on Clark Avenue
and Wilson Avenue in Original Townsite. All frontage on Main Street (East Side) from the north
City Limits to South City limits, not exceeding 150 feet in depth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Fire Zone No. 5 as defined in proposed Ordinance No. 169 of
the City of Las Vegas, aforesaid, be and the same is hereby established to cover the Remainder
of the entire incorporated area of the City of Las Vegas, outside of said Fire Zone No. 2, and
as particularly is shown on that certain Map on file in the office of the City Clerk designated
as "Fire Zones if the City of Las Vegas, as amended in connection with Ordinance No. 169 of
said City,"

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Map hereinabove mentioned is further identified as bear-
ing the file mark of the said City Clerk of date the 4th day of June, 1931.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor Mayor Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:

Proposed Ordinance No. 169 was there upon introduced by Commissioner German, and read.

WHEREAS, a proposed Ordinance Number 169 and entitled, "An Ordinance to Amend Section 3,
of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas," has been introduced and read for the first
time and it is proposed to act oh the same as an emergency Ordinance, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that on account of the large amount of building being

carried on at this time that an urgent necessity exists for the protection of persons and property 

in the City of Las Vegas that the limits of Fire Zone No. 2 as defined by Ordinance No.

166 be extended and enlarged for the purpose of such protection, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board and it is so found by this Board of City Commissioners
that an emergency exists for the amendment of said Ordinance No. 166 for the purposes aforesaid

NOW THEREFORE, there being present at this a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners 
of the City of Las Vegas the entire Board of City Commissioners,

BE IT RESOLVED, that such proposed Ordinance be read for a second time at this meeting and

acted upon and adopted as an emergency Ordinance.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance No. 169, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section No. 3 of Ordinance No
166 of the City of Las Vegas, " was thereupon read for the second time and adopted as an em-
ergency Ordinance by the consent of the entire Board upon the following vote; Commissioners
German, Hansell, Thomas and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until

Thursday the 18th day of June at the Hour of three o'clock P.M.	