OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 31st, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 31st day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas
and Mundy, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

This being the time set for the consideration of protests and any suggestions or
objections that might be made by the parties interested with respect to the proposed improve-
ment in the construction of sanitary lateral sewer lines etc. under notice directed to be
posted and published by order of this Board made and entered in the minutes of this Board on
the 13th day of May, 1932, the Board thereupon proceeded to hear such suggestions and object-
ions and to consider the written protests filed, and thereupon on motion of Commissioner Hansell
seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following preambles and resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas it appears to this Board that due notice has been given according to law of
the consideration of protests and suggestions or objections that might be made by the parties
interested with respect to the proposed improvement in the construction of sanitary lateral
sewer lines etc; and

Whereas, it appears, after due consideration that sufficient protests in writing
against such proposed improvement have not been filed and the time for filing additional
protests in writing therefor has expired,

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the work in connection with said proposed im-
provement be and the same is hereby ordered, and such steps as are required by law to pro-
ceed with the same be taken by this Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it
was moved and carried that the Board of Commissioners advertise the above mention work for
bid. Said bids to be opened in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City of Las Vegas on
Thursday the 16th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Commissioner German arriving late.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved and
carried that Mayor E.W.Cragin be granted a thirty (30) day leave of absence.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
voting Aye. Noes none. Mayor Cragin not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
tie City Engineer A.R. Thompson be directed to prepare a grade map of Grand View Addition to
the City of Las Vegas and present same to the Board of Commissioners for its approval.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time D.G. Lorenzi appeared before the Board petitioning the Board to
pass an ordinance licensing amusement concessions at a fixed place of business in the City
of Las Vegas. After due consideration on the matter on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded
by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that an ordinance licensing the above mentioned amusements
be placed at $150.00 per calendar quarter.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. noes none.

At this time Commissioner Hansell brought before the Board of commissioners the
matter of the construction of a pump house at the disposal plant.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that the Fuller Construction Company be directed to construct a pump house for a sum not to
exceed $169.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioners German and Thomas being exoused before
the vote was taken.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.