SEWER CONTRACT
Discussion

1.	Assessment District No. 100-27

2.	Sewer Contract discussion

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the fore-
going notice of Special Meeting.

s/ C. D. Baker	s/ Wendell Bunker

s/ Howard W. Cannon

s/ Rex A. Jarrett

s/ Reed Whipple

Las Vegas, Nevada

5-13-54

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 13th day of May, 1954, was called to order at the hour
of 9:00 A.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard	W. Cannon

City Engineer	George	Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris	P. Sharp

City Manager	George	Rounthwaite

Also Present:

Mr. Simon Perliter
Mr. L. E. Tyson

Discussion was held on the Ralph O. Dixson Sewer Contract. Thereafter
Commissioner Bunker asked Mr. Simon Perliter, engineer for the City for
City-wide sewer improvement program, what his recommendation was on the
proposed negotiations with the Estate of Ralph O. Dixson, and requested
that Mr. Perliter's statements be made a matter of record.

Mr. PERLITER - First, I do not know what the $42,000.00 is for. I did
not participate in the negotiating, so I do not know
what it covers directly. In a general way I know the
details of what should be paid —approximately $16,000.00
was for extras due to line change on Rancho Road; the
rest I never did get straight, and for what reason.

MR. CANNON - The settlement itself, if it is made would do these

things. It would result in a dismissal with prejudice
of the action brought by Ralph O. Dixson against the
City. It would be a waiver of all rights for any com-
pensation by reason of water or any other soil conditions
in connection with the sewer completed to date. It would
be consideration with the bonding company to complete
the balance of the project, relieving the City of any
liability by reason of change of line on Rancho Road
sewer and any claim for extras. But on the further con-
dition that the bonding company proceed under their bond
to pay the claims incurred by reason of the Dixson Sewer
Contract, which are believed to be in excess of $100,000.00.
Further that the bonding company waive any additional
compensation by reason of soil conditions, including water
on the remaining portion of the contract to be completed.

MAYOR BAKER - What is the approximate amount the bonding company is
contributing?

MR. CANNON - The situation is this— the water claim of $16,000.00

and the bonding company would have to pay all creditor's
claims and in addition, $60,000.00 for completion of the
contract.

MR. WHIPPLE - Plus unpaid bills.

MR. JARRETT - Is the Estate bankrupt?

MR. CANNON - This is the representation made to me. The Estate is not
bankrupt, but practically insolvent and the bonding
company agreed that if this proposal is worked out to
their satisfaction, they will not make any claim against
the Estate— Mr. Dixson has left a wife and two children
with less than $1,000.00 and assets of an undetermined
value— the bonding company agreed that on a basis of
satisfactory arrangement they will not make any claim or
take over equipment.

5-13-54