261

Vegas Sweet Shop
M.E. Ward, H.E. Ward

& Reba I. Truesdall	Ray & Vick's Ser.	

ADDITIONALS

L. L. Henry	Swiss Village	]

Kroloff Dist. Co.

Abe Kroloff	The Nevada Bar	

Vegas Sweet Shop
Ward, Ward &

Truesdell	Tivoli Tavern	

RENEWALS

Harry Levy	The Market Spot	

S. Grant Stewart	First St. Grocery	

Vegas Sweet Shop

(Oper.New Location)	Butterly's Cafe

W. H. Usborne	Tropical Drive In

Harry Levy	Market Spot Liq.Store 

Edward Koch	Fitch Market

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing applications for gaming for
the third quarter of 1948 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

At the hour of 3:45 P.M. this meeting recessed.

At the hour of 4:50 P.M. this date the meeting reconvened with all
members present as of the opening session.

SEWER BOND ISSUE	Commissioner Whipple moved that the proposal of Lauren W. Gibbs, Salt Lake

L. W. GIBBS	City, Utah, dated June 30, 1948, for the purchase of the $350,000.00

Proposal	Sewer Disposal Plant Bond Issue be accepted subject to the attached

stipulations:

	June 30, 1948

Honorable Mayor and City Commission
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

WHEREAS, you have heretofore voted $350,000 Sewer Disposal Plant
Bonds to mature over twenty years and to carry interest and not to ex-
ceed 3%, and when said bonds were offered at public sale no bids were
received and your efforts since that time to secure and offer at par
for the bonds, have been fruitless, and

WHEREAS, you have had under consideration an ordinance providing
for monthly sewer service charges to be levied against property owners
receiving service, and the tentative schedule now drawn up by you is
estimated to bring approximately $90,000 per year, and

WHEREAS, I believe that in cooperation with my bond attorneys I
can work out a legal method whereby said service charges can be pledged
to the retirement of principal and interest on the referred to bond
issue, and thus be used to supplement if necessary the taxes levied
and available for the purpose of bond servicing, and I believe I can,
under the direction of my bond attorneys, provide to you such procedures
and mechanisms as will insure collections of the monthly service charges,
and will set up proper trust funds for the monies so collected together
with legal and sound safe guards so that disbursements may be properly
and economically made, and so that the above referred to bond issue may
be supported with the provisions and security which are normally had
by revenue bonds, and therefore bring about the result that you can
market the 3% bonds at par,

NOW THEREFORE, I PROPOSE to have prepared and submitted to you an
ordinance providing for the monthly service charges designated by you
and for the handling and collection of the monies and their proper dis-
bursement, and for pledging said monthly service charges to the repay-
ment of the bonds and interest thereon, and to submit to you the neces-
sary procedures as outlined above, all of which will be prepared and dir-
ected by my bond attorneys and submitted for the approval of your City
Attorney and your City Commission, I agree also, to supply the bond forms,
lithographed and prepared for your signature.

Immediately upon approval of my bond attorney for your legal right,
so to proceed both under your City Charter and under the laws of the
State of Nevada, and upon your subsequent approval of the ordinance and
procedure -- with such changes and amendments as you and your city attorney
desire and to which my bond attorneys will agree, I will have presented
to you a bid of par	or better, for your referred	to $350,000	bond issue,

maturing as heretofore provided by you over	a 20	year period	and carrying

interest at 3% and I will qualify said bid by attaching thereto a certi-
fied check as required by law. The last ten maturities of the bond is-
sue will contain an	option of retirement on	your	part on any	annual in-
terest date and the	remainder optional five	years from their	issuance

and on any interest date thereafter.

For these services, you are to pay me Five Dollars per One Hundred