C.D. Baker, member of the Cemetery Board presented to the Board of Commissioners for its
consideration bids on pipe to furnished to Woodlawn Cemetery for sprinkling system

On motion of Commissioner Marble Perry it was moved on recommendation of the Cemetery
Board that the City accept the bids of the Standard Sanitary Mfg. Co. for pipe for the install-
ation of sprinkling at the Woodlawn Cemetery.	

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, and Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that on recommendation of the City Engineer and the Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the bid of the Standard Sanitary Mfg. Company be accepted. Said bid covering the
cost of sufficient pipe for the paying of a sprinkling system in the City park. Said pipe to
be purchased at bid price.

Vote was commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 20th, 1937.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's office, Wednesday the 20th day
of January 1937 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the follow-
ing business:

1. To consider the protests- if any to the Las Vegas Improvements District No. 3.

Dated this 20th day of January, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to

Jas. H. Down, H. Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT Pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Wednesday
 the 20th day of January, 1937 at the hour of nine o'clock P.M. on said date to consider and
act upon the following matter:

1. To consider the protests if any to the Las Vegas Improvement District No. 3.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
20th day of January, 1937 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Clerk, City Attorney and Ex-Officio Assessor.

This being the day heretofore set by the Board for the reviewing of the assessment roll in re-
gard to the Las Vegas Improvement District No. 3 said Board met with F.C.DeVinney, Ex-Officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas at the hour of nine o'clock A.M. on said day and remained in
session until the hour of five o'clock P.M. with Mr. De Vinney available at all times for the
purpose of reviewing said assessment or hearing any objections to same that might be made by
interested property owners. No objections were heard.

No further business appearing before the Board at the hour of five o'clock P.M. the meeting
adjourned.