PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation

North 9th Street

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, as a result of the audit by the City Auditors it has been determined that
a discrepancy in reporting gross sales for the purpose of licensing exists, wherein
car dealers also conducting a used car business in connection therewith, and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Commissioners to clarify the proper
basis of reporting so that no discrepancies will exist in the future,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners hereby
determines the proper method of reporting gross sales by new car dealers who
also engaged in used car business is as follows:

A.	That the total gross sales of new cars be reported less

the trade-in allowance for used cars.

B.	That the total gross sales of used cars be reported
less trade-ins.

C.	That the total sales of parts, accessories, and labor

both wholesale and retail be reported, not to include inter-
departmental sales within the same company wherein such parts
are used either on new or used cars covered in reports
A and B.

D.	That the total sums of A, B, and C above shall constitute

the complete total for reporting properly in basin the license
fee by the City less the amounts of repossessions which shall
be deducted to the extent of the balance due at the time of
repossession. Such repossessions shall thereafter be included
in gross sales if and when resold.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be instructed and authorized to collect
the correct amount of the license fee as shown by the records of such car dealers
for any periods delinguent but that no penalty be imposed for erroneous reporting
by reason of misunderstanding in part contributed to be the then City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 7:50 P.M. the meeting convened in the Council Chambers with all
members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 7837 to 8309 in the net
amount of $59,623.83 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 52757 to 52900
inclusive in the total amount of $100,468.25 be approved and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Warrant No. $2901 in the total amount of
$111,337.75, the same being the transfer of Bond Redemption Funds, #600
Series from the First National Bank of Nevada to the Bank of Nevada, First
and Fremont Branch, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Minutes of July 21 and 22, 1954, be approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

This being the continuation of the public hearing on the vacation of a portion
of North 9th Street, described as follows:

That part of Ninth Street as shown on Plat of Grandview Addition
recorded in Book 1, Page 19 of Plats, Clark County, Nevada
records, and extending west of Lots 2, 3, and 4, Block 3 of the
above mentioned Grandview Addition to the East line of Lot "I"
of Bucks Addition, Book 1, Page 15, of Plats and the East line of
Ninth Street.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this vacation. There were
no objections voiced.

Mr. Christian Carstensen, one of the petitioners for this vacation asked
why Lots 5 and 6 of Block 3, Grandview Addition were not included in these
proceedings. It was explained to Mr. Carstensen that these two lots had
previously been deeded by the City to the property owners, and it was not
necessary to include them in this vacation.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the petition for vacation of the
above described portion of North 9th Street be approved and the following
order adopted:

8-4-54