An application of John Miller for permission to erect a sign advertising the Sal
Sagev Hotel was presented to the Board of consideration. Said sign to be erected at the
south east corner of Fifth and Fremont Sts.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the application be handed to C.D. Baker, City Engineer for investigation as to the
advisability of allowing a sign at said site.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of the bids for furnishing gasoline to the City
of Las Vegas and a number of bids being in the hands of the Clerk , said bids were ordered
opened and placed on file with the Clerk, as no competitive bids were presented at this time
the Board was of the opinion that the giving of the gasoline sales to the various gasoline
companies a month at a time would be the policy of the Board at the present time.

The Mayor stated that the meeting held the night of the 1st day of August 1935 would be
the time for considering the blanket insurance policy for the City.

(At this time Commissioner Marble ask that he might be excused, which was granted.)

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that Gene Ward and N.T. Preston be granted retail beverage (5½%) licenses. Applications
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

A.H. Stevenson	1	license

J.A. Prato	1	"

E.D. Ciliax	2	"

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded	by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that

H.P. Marble be granted a thirty day	leave of	absence from his duties as Street Commissioner

same to be effective as of this date.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down	seconded	by Commissioner Ward it was moved that the office

of Deputy City	Electrical Inspector for the City of Las Vegas be created, said	term of office

to be at the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners, and without compensation.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that H.V. Wingfield be appointed Deputy City Electrical Inspector as per preceding motion.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Mayor Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved that Ryland Taylor
City Attorney be granted a leave of absence from his duties as City Attorney the same to be
effective from August 1st, to August 21st, 1935, inclusive. Said office during his absence to
be filled by A.W. Ham Deputy City Attorney.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

A letter from the American Legion Post No. 8 Las Vegas Nevada asking for a plot in the
Woodlawn Cemetery for burial grounds for the ex-service men was next considered.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved that
the letter be handed Mr. Taylor, City Attorney for investigation as to the best way of handling
same. Mr. Taylor to report to the Board his findings at an early date.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

At this time the Clerk read a letter from the El Centro Chamber of Commerce asking the
City's co-operation in the securing of a highway from the Canadian border to the Mexican border
by way of Ely, Caliente, Las Vegas, Searchlight and Needles. On motion of Commissioner Down
seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved that the City Clerk and the City Engineer
co-operating write a letter to the various bureaus interested and express to them the wish of
the Board in the constructing of said highway, to be known as Highway 93.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed until the 1st day of
August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.