OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAS VEGAS, SEPTEMBER 17th, 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ball, Elwell, Hicks, and
Matzdorf present with the Clerk and City Attorney. H.M. Lillis.

This being the time set by the Board for the passing upon claims for street work in said City it
was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of five hundred dollars be and the
same is hereby transferred from the salary fund of said City to the Street fund of said City, the
vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, Aye. Elwell, Aye. Ball Aye.
Hicks, Aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting Aye.

Thereupon the Board after due consideration assessed all claims against the City for Street work
as appears more fully from the files of said City on file with the Clerk of said City.

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the question of Passing upon the applic-
ation of A. Kramer for retail liquor license heretofore filed by the said A. Kramer, where upon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that said Board of City
Commissioner has not any jurisdiction in the matter for the reason that said license was revoked by the
former Board of City Commissioners for the violating of City ordinance, and further that said ordinance
further provides that no new licenses can be granted until the hole number of City retail liquor licenses
shall reach five in number, thereupon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf 

and duly carried it was ordered that said application be and the same is hereby denied upon the
grounds as stated above, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners, Ball
aye, Hicks, aye, Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being first duly made and carr-
ied ordered that this Board stand adjourned until September 27th, at eight 0'clock A.M. of said day
1915. to pass upon all claims for street work in said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

September 27th, 1915.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, Held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Matzdorf
and Elwell, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for allowing of claims for street work and it appearing to the
the Board that there is not sufficient funds in the street fund to pay said claims it was upon Motion
being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of Three Hundred dollars be and the same is hereby
transferred from the Light fund of said City to the Street fund of said City, and it was further ordered
that the sum of Five hundred dollars be and the same is also transferred from the Salary fund of said
City to the Street fund of said City.

Thereupon the Board allowed all claims against said street fund as appears more fully from the
claims on file and of records in the office of the City Clerk.

Thereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
the next regular meeting of said Board.