382

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Ordinance No. 382 be approved on its
first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

IAS VEGAS AIR FORCE BASE At this time His Honor read a letter prepared by the City Manager addressed to the
Right of Entry Corps of Engineers in Los Angeles giving authority for the right of entry upon the
	premises of the Air Force Base.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
sign the aforementioned letter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

VIOLATION OF CITY	His Honor read a letter from Mrs. J.	R. Berenbert, 217 North 9th, no	date,	regarding

ORDINANCE	a neighbor keeping rabbits and chickens, which as she stated is not only a	nuisance	but

a definite unsanitary condition.



Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the foregoing matter be referred to the
City Manager to be investigated as a violation of city ordinances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

EMERGENCY LOAN	WHEREAS, under date of February 18, 1949 the Board of City Commissioners passed a

Call for Bids	resolution declaring that an emergency and great necessity existed requiring a temporary

RESOLUTION NO. 142	loan for the purpose of meeting such	necessity and emergency, and

	WHEREAS, pursuant to such resolution	notice of the intention of the	Board	to act

thereon was duly published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal in its issue of
February 20, 1949, reciting that at a meeting of the said Board of City Commissioners
to be held on the 8th day of March, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 o'clock P.M. of said day
in the Commissioners' Room in the City Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada, said Board would
act upon a resolution reciting the character of the necessity and authorizing a
temporary emergency loan in the sum of $163,828.61, and

WHEREAS, said Board of Commissioners did meet at the time and place specified, to-wit:
on the 8th day of March, 1949 at the hour of 3:00 O'clock P.M. on said day in the
Commissioners' Room in the City Hall in Las Vegas, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, at said meeting action on said loan was duly postponed by said Board until
the 17th day of March, 1949, which postponement was publicly announced by His Honor,
the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at that time, and

WHEREAS, on the 17th day of March, 1949, at the time and place specified in said
order of postponement said Commissioners met, and a full Board being present, said
Board unanimously adopted a resolution reciting the existence of a great emergency
and necessity for a temporary loan of $l63,828.61, and in which resolution a
temporary loan in said amount was unanimously authorized for the purpose of meeting
the necessity and emergency existing, and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the resolution last above mentioned a certified copy thereof was
forwarded to the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada for its approval, and

WHEREAS, at its meeting held April 22, 1949; said State Board of Finance approved the
action and resolution of the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, State of Nevada,
authorizing a temporary loan in the amount of $103,000.00 as in said resolution set
forth and authorized, a certified copy of the resolution of said Board of Finance
authorizing said temporary loan being in the words and figures following :

" STATE BOARD OF FINANCE
Meeting held April 22, 1949

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas

TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State
Board of Finance, duly called and met in session under and pursuant to
the provisions of that certain Act of the Legislature of Nevada entitled
"An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, Towns,

School Districts and other Governmental Agencies," approved March 22,

1917, as amended, that a great necessity now exists for authorizing the
obtaining of a temporary loan by and on the part of the Board of City
Commissioners of Las Vegas for the purpose of meeting such emergency as
expressed in and shown by the preamble and resolution unanimously adopted
at a meeting of said Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas duly called
and held on the 8th day of March, 1949, authorizing a temporary loan for
the purpose set forth in said resolution, a duly certified copy of which
is now on file and of record in the office of the State Board of Finance;
and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt
said emergency resolution was duly published according to law; there-
fore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and
resolution of said Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of One Hundred, Three Thousand
Dollars ($103,000.00) as in said resolution set forth and authorized,
be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further