He said that those properties developed in this area have maintained a 90 foot
setback and it is unfair to them to change it to 50 feet. Mr. McNamee asked
that the setback ordinance be reconsidered.

Mayor Pro Tern Whipple advised Mr. McNamee that the setback ordinance was adopted
after the Board was petitioned by property owners on Charleston Boulevard, and
the Commission felt that it was the wish of the majority of the property owners
that the setback be changed.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be deferred until the next regular meeting
of the Commission on February 19, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CLARK COUNTY SCHOOL	Planning Director Bills presented the request of the Clark County School District

DISTRICT	for acquisition of approximately 9 acres of land at the southeast corner of the

Acquisition of Land	intersection of Stewart and 28th Streets. Mr. Bills stated that the Planning

Commission recommended that this request be approved and that the portion of 28th
Street between Hadland Park and the School site be closed to vehicular traffic,
but that a utility easement be retained.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance for study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

REZONING - Z-10-57	The Commission considered the application of John H. Clark for the rezoning of the

John H. Clark	unnumbered portion of Block 8, Amended Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-4 to C-2.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Planning Commission had
denied this application after a public hearing that was continued five times. Mr.
Bills stated that the majority of the property owners were opposed to any type
of commercial zoning in this area.

Mr. William Singleton representing some of the protestants was present.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of John H. Clark for rezoning be 
continued until the next regular meeting on February 19, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

 COUNTY REZONING	Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Planning Commission had adopted

25th & Harris	a resolution urging the County authorities to deny the application for rezoning

of a 10 acres parcel on the comer of 25th and Harris from R-E to C-2. Mr. Bills
stated that the City presently has a 6 acre parcel zoned for a shopping center,
and it was felt that this ample to take care of the residential area.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Commission endorse the action of the Planning
Commission and the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has been advised that an application
has been made to the Clark County Planning Commission to reclassify from RE to
C2 the West 660 feet of the North half of the Southwest Quarter of the Southwest
Quarter, Section 25, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.B. & M., (located on
the east side of 25th Street south of Harris Avenue in Clark County); and

WHEREAS, said property is directly across the street from a fully developed
single family residential property located within the limits of the City of Las
Vegas; and

WHEREAS, in accordance with an approved ordinance formula the City Planning 
Commission and the Board of Commissioners have approved a CC Zone (Shopping
Center) of approximately six acres on the northwest comer of 25th Street and
Bonanza Road, tailored in size to allow the correct amount of neighborhood shopping 
facilities which this neighborhood from Bruce Street to 30th Street and
Washington Avenue to Stewart Avenue can support when fully developed; and

WHEREAS, the addition of ten acres of commercial, zoning in this neighborhood
would inevitably upset this pattern and can only result in harmful effects
upon the residential living values of all properties in this neighborhood; and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission and the Board of Commissioners have
recognized the validity of this neighborhood commercial zoning pattern and have
conscientiously maintained it by denying three subsequent applications for commercial 
zoning in this neighborhood;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of February, 1958,
that the Clark County Planning Commission and the Board of County Commissioners
of Clark County, Nevada, are respectfully requested to deny this and any other
subsequent request for commercial uses in the County portion of this neighborhood,
whether such request is made in the form of application for reclassification,
variance, or special use permit.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 5th day of February, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

2-5-58