OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 25TH, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 25th day of January, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Arnett, and Down, Mayor Pro Tem German,

City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

A number of slot machine applications all in proper form and money to cover same being on
file with the Clerk were presented to the Board of approval.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett all slot machine applications
presented to the Board at this time were granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett and Down and the Mayor Pro Tem
voting aye. Noes none.

P.O. Silvagii appeared before the Board with an application for "Electric Roulette". As the
Board was not familiar with this device the application was laid over until the regular meeting
the 5th day of February so that the same might be investigated by the members of the Board.

At this time the Board took up the matter of the license heretofore granted Earl F. Noon,
proprietor of the Rainbow Club, situate on the Northeast corner of First and Carson Streets, said
license being granted for the purpose of allowing the sale and distribution of beer, wine and
other beverages containing not more than 4% by weight of alcohol and which said license was granted
and issued in accordance with Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas.

It appearing at this time that said Ordinance had been violated in that one Nels Morgan, a
person employed in said Rainbow Club, did on the 10th day of January 1934, sell intoxicating liquor
to-wit: whiskey, therein; that the selling of said liquor, towit: whiskey, and allowing the same
to be sold, was done in violation of Ordinance No. 198 and without authority and without having a
license providing for and allowing the sale thereof; and it appearing that the said Nels Morgan
was duly arrested on complaint, and warrant issued out of the Municipal Court of the City of Las
Vegas, charging the said Nels Morgan with the selling of alcoholic liquor, to-wit: whiskey, with-
out having a license permitting him to do so:

And it appearing, in pursuance of said complaint and warrant, that the said Nels Morgan,
was duly arraiged before the Municipal Judge of said Municipal Court and the trial of said
offence was duly fixed to be had on the 22nd day of January, 1934, at the hour of 9 A.M. of said
day; that for the appearance of said defendant at said trial bail was duly fixed at the sum of
One Hundred Dollars cash or Two Hundred Dollars property; that thereupon the said defendant	

furnished bail in the sum of One Hundred Dollars cash, and on to-wit: the 22nd day of January,

1934, at the hour of 9 A.M. o'clock of said day, at the time when said case was called for
trial, the defendant failed, and neglected to appear before said Municipal Court for trial, that
thereupon the bail so furnished by said defendant, to-wit: the sum of One Hundred Dollars was
duly forfeited to the City of Las Vegas;

And it appearing from the foregoing that the defendant Nels Morgan was, in the judgement
of this Board, guilty of the charge placed against him, and the Board having information in addit-
ion to the above that at other times than the case above cited intoxicating liquor, to-wit: whiskey
had been sold in the said Rainbow Club premises; and it appearing to the Board from the infor-
mation received and for the reasons aforesaid, that the permit and license heretofore granted
under Ordinance No. 198 had been violated, and therefore, on motion of Commissioner Arnett, second-
ed by Commissioner Down, and duly carried, it was

RESOLVED, that for reasons aforesaid, the permit and license heretofore granted to Earl
F. Noon, to conduct a retail liquor establishment or beverage establishment, as author-
ized by Ordinance No. 198, to be conducted at what is known as the Rainbow Club, on the
Northeast corner of First and Carson Streets, be and the same is hereby revoked and can-
celled; and the City Clerk and Chief of Police are hereby directed and instructed to
Notify the said Earl F. Noon, or his as igns or who ever may be the proprietor of said
Rainbow Club, of this action of this Board and of the revocation of such permit and license.

The vote on said Resolution was Commissioners Arnett and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German
voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.