Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the claim of Dolly Coswer filed by her father John Cowser
for injuries received at the Central Swimming Pool on July 19, 1956 in the amount of
$10,000.

Commissioner Bunker moved this claim for damages be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos presented the request of the American Legion to lease property from the City
on North 2nd Street adjacent to their building to be used for parking purposes. Action
on this request was deferred for further investigation.

Mr. Boos advised the Commission that he had three requests for reduction of the solici-
tors license fee; one from Kenneth L. Stebbins, photographer, another from Frank Valeri,
photographer and the third from Donald N. Goodwin to sell a product called "Table Trainer".
Mr. Boos reported that the City Attorney had advised him that these requests were not in
proper form as required by the ordinance.

Commissioner Fountain moved these requests for reduction of the solicitors license fee
be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos advised the Commission that a request had been received from the Canadian Legion
Post for the donation of two graves. This request was denied inasmuch as the City does
not have the authority to give away City property.

City Engineer Wade reported that the bids for the Deep Well Turbine Pump for the Police
Rehabilitation Farm had been tabulated and the lowest bid was that of S. R. McKinney &

Sons. Mr. Wade recommended that this bid be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 57.5 for a Deep Well Turbine Pump for the
Police Rehabilitation Farm be awarded to S. R. McKinney & Sons in the total amount of
$2,156.25.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos presented the request of H. B. Trent, Superintendent of Recreation to purchase
paint for the swimming pool from the Specialty Sales Company in Salt Lake City, Utah.

The estimated cost of this paint is $938.75.

The Commission was advised that the request had been checked by the Public Works Depart-
ment and there are no local vandors who carry this paint instock. It was suggested that
local vendors be checked to determine if the paint could be purchased through them.

Mr. Boos advised the Commission that no reply had yet been received from Mr. Kennedy's
letter to the Clark County Humane Society offering payment by the City of the withholding
tax to the United States Government and transfer of the moveable property belonging to
the Humane Society at the Animal Shelter to the City. It was suggested that an inventory
be taken and the City Attorney write a letter to the Clark County Humane Society advising
them to pick up their property.

After considerable discussion it was unanimously agreed that the Mayor be authorized to
appoint Fire Chief Elmer Gates as Acting City Manager during the illness of City Manager
A. H. Kennedy.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk 	Mayor

	2-6-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 20, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 20th day of February, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Acting City Manager	Elmer C. Gates

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
John Cowser

PARKING LOT



SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION

CEMETERY LOTS

BID NO. 57.5
Deep Well Turbine
Pump

SWIMMING POOL PAINT

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE
SOCIETY

ACTING CITY MANAGER