Las Vegas, Nevada
December 7; 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held this 7th day of December, 1955 was called to order at the hour of
7.35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Mgr.	R. W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that this was the time set for public hearing
on the appeal of the granting of the variance to Lloyd Skrenes for O.M. Kulien
and Elmer and Esther Simila to construct an off-street parking lot to provide
patron parking for adjacent commercial and professional buildings on property
at the Southeast comer of 11th and Bonneville (Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Mary-
land Tract No. 2) in an R-4 zone. The Mayor announced that this variance had
been granted by the Commission on November 2, 1955 and an appeal had been filed
November 14, 1955.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels, representing the owners of Maryland Park Manor Apartments
was present and objected to this variance. She said that she had checked the
parking on this street during various times of the day for the last two weeks,
and there seemed little need for off-street parking.

Mr. James C. Young, representing Mrs. Olga Shields, property owner in the area,
was present and also opposed this variance. He said that Mrs. Sheilds had made a
substantial investment in the City and was planning to make her home here.

Lloyd Skrenes, Vaughn Holt and Dr. Robert Morrison spoke in favor of the rezoning.
Mr. Holt presented a petition signed by twenty-three property owners in the area
who are in favor of the variance. He stated that there are thirty property owners,
two are protesting, twenty-four were contacted and did not object, and the other
seven are unavailable.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance for further
study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 55*21 for the furnishing of
two prefabricated buildings, one for the Cemetery and one for the Garage, bids
were received from the following firms:

General Builders
Utah Crane & Rigging
Las Vegas Mahine Co.

Sierra Construction Co.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Director of Public Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 55.26 for the furnishing
of Fire Fighting Equipment, bids were received from the following firms:

Seagrave Corporation
American La France Corp.

Crown Coach Corp.

Mack Fire Apparatus

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the request of Earl Hartke for an extension of 90 days
on his variance for the installation of a service station on the comer of 25th
and Owens.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request for 90 day extension be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE - V-36-55
Public Hearing
on Appeal
Kulien & Simila

BID NO. 55.21
Prefabricated
Steel Buildings

BID NO. 55.26

Fire Fighting
Equipment



VARIANCE - V-9-55-
Earl Hartke