Harry Samet, Mgr. of the "Slot Machine" appeared before the Board and stated that the Las Vegas
Enterprises Inc." owners of the "Slot Machine" would be willing to pay $8.00 per quarter on all mach-
ines paying money awards. This met with the approval of the Board of Commissioners

Mrs. Harriman appeared before the Board in regard to the use of the War Memorial Building for
the holding of a meeting of the Las Vegas Townsend Club at which Mr. Townsend would be the speaker.

Mrs. Harriman was informed the rent for the building per night would be $55.00.

Mr. Oliver appeared before the Board in regard to the use of the Las Vegas Ball Park for use
as the Las Vegas Baseball League. Mr. Oliver was ask to present to the Board in writing specific-
ations for the change over in the present ball grounds to conform with the grounds needed for a
"base ball" diamond.

Otto Underhill appeared before the Board in regard to the payment of a bill of $53.80 due him
from the Las Vegas Golf Association. Mr. Underhill was informed that this bill was contracted from
the Las Vegas Golf Association not the City of Las Vegas and that said City was not responsible for
said bill.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the American Legion Post No. 8 be granted permission to hold a "Walkathon" in the City of Las

Vegas. This permission being in accordance with the State Statutes allowing ex-Service Men's organ-
izations to operate two	weeks in each year	without payment of	license show, circuses and	carnivals.

Vote Commissioners	Ronnow, Krause and	Corradetti and His	Honor the Mayor voting aye.	Noes,	none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that

W.B. Bates, be granted a retail beverage license to be used at the Helldorado Village, in connection

with the Walkathon. Said	application being	approved by the Chief of Police Frank Wait.

Vote Commissioners	Ronnow, Krause and	Corradetti and His	Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,	none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Morrion Battery Shop for purchase of a battery for a fire truck be accepted.

Bid $60.44.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Las Vegas Age for printing be accepted. Bid price $25.20

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City purchase eight (8) pillows from Albrights Business Machines Co. Price $52.00

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On	motion	of Commissioner Krause	seconded by Commissioner Corradetti	it was moved and carried

that	the	bid of	the Albrights Business	Machines Co for the purchase of one	12 inch typewriter and the

bid of the El Portal Electric Co for one 14 inch typewriter be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On	motion	of Commissioner Ronnow	seconded by Commissioner Krause it	was moved and carried that

the City	purchase a sterilizer from the	Braum Corporation. Same to cost $110.00 and to be used by the

City Milk Inspector.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Mayor and Clerk sign a petition for the closing of Adams Street on Westside. Said street to be
closed between Third and Fourth Streets.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Corradetti
seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To— Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada is hereby called to
be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
, Monday the 28th day of October, 1940 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. to consider and act upon
the following business:

1. To consider the installation of water mains of the Las V gas Land & Water Company in the public
properties of the City of Las Vegas.

John L. Russell

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Dated this 28th day of Oct. 1940