ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-21

Resolution Authorizing
Call for Construction
Bids

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-11
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll
No. 23-1953

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-18
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll
NO. 25-1953

question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None. Absent:	None.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and a-
dopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 545.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-
ments in Assessment District No. 100-21 will be opened May 20, 1953.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps
to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance
No. 555, passed, adopted, and approved this 27th day of April, 1953; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk to
advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore
taken to construct said improvements by special assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a special meeting thereof held on the 27th day of April, 1953, that
the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby direc-
ted to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for furn-
ishing of labor, material, transportation and sevice for improvements of certain
streets and parts of streets in Special Assessment District No. 100-21 as created
by Emergency Ordinance No. 555 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commis-
sioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids
for said construction by publication on April 28, May 5, and May 12,1953, in the
Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said construction will be
received until 7:55 P.M. on Wednesday, the 20th day of May, 1953, and said bids
will be opened at 8:00 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially the form
attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 27th day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the assessments
and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the proposed im-
provements in Assessment District No. 100-11, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 23-
1953.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll had
been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there had
been no objections filed in her office prior to said meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, suggestions,
or comments, or raise any question concerning said special assessment roll. There
were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the hearing on this Assessment Roll No. 23-1953
be recessed until May 6, 1953, at which meeting the Assessment Roll will be cor-
rected or revised before confirmation to correct typographical or clerical errors
and to modify all the assessments if the construction price should prove to be
substantially different from the estimated price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none*
Absent:	none.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the assessments
and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the proposed im-
provements in Assessment District No. 100-18, as shown on Assessment Roll No.

25-1953.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said Assessment Roll had
been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there had
been no objections filed in her office prior to said meeting.