Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Tinch moved that three	men	be hired on the police department at $6.00 per day to fill

recent vacancies and submitted the names of	two men: R. A. Prahl and Earl West.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith read a statement	prepared by himself	regarding	the	trip made	 by



the city auditor to Reno on city business and expenses incurred.

Commissioner Smith moved that we rescind the motion made by Commissioner Tinch and
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux wherein Mr. Blackman, city auditor, was allowed $40
for time lost while in Reno on city business and the further sum of $85 for preparation
of the 1942 budget. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and the Mayor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner
Tinch.

Commissioner Smith moved that $125.00 be allowed Mr. Blackman as payment of an
additional $25 onto his $75 per month he received for the months January, February,

March, April and May, 1941 in lieu of money received by the former motion which we
rescinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, Commissioner
Tinch.

Commissioner Smith made a report on insurance for the new city hall.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that that portion of insurance policy pertaining to smoke
coverage be cancelled. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Kohler plant at the airport be moved into the

city. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Clark be granted permission to let bids
for 500 feet #8 lead underground cable, bids to be returned by March 16th. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for 1000 feet #20 wire. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for 4 lights, the same type as are now on



he front of the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro
tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Roy H. Strobel be hired as an electrician at a salary

of $225 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for a truck and necessary equipment for the sewer department. Bids
to be returned by March 16th, 1942.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was instructed to write a letter to the contractor on the government job

calling his attention to our water ordinance relative to the conservation of water where
coolers were installed.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for painting of the front of the War
Memorial Building including both wings. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.