192

LAS VEGAS BATHHOUSE	The following change orders and credit orders on the Las Vegas

CHANGE ORDERS	bath house were presented to the Board for their consideration:



Change Order #14 - 18 hrs. of jack hammer for rock
work to sink oil tank to proper grade	$168.00

Change order #15	-finish hardware total	$1,730.00

allowance $1,000.00 Balance $730.00 Contr profit

$73.00	$803.00

Change order #16 raising building one additional
foot around perimeter of equipment room. Note:

This was due to fact city management OK'd raising

pool one foot.	$360.00	

Change Order #17 - additional concrete walk and

curb authorized by city management adjacent to

bath house, west	end	$108.00

Change Order	#18	-	mezzanine	door and	framing $45.00

bracing &	furring	35.00

turnbuckles for roof	270.00

Total	350.00

Change Order #21 - The wire size from main panel shall

be increased to handle the 20 H.P. Pump in tunnel.	

Ordered by	Frank	Partie	$20.00

Credit Order #19 - For two bronze tablets ordered by

City of Las Vegas. One tablet shall be installed by

Contractor where directed in bath house.	$275.00

Credit Order #20 - for 150 feet 3/4" underground

conduit for telephone.	40.00

Thereafter, Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing change
orders and credit orders addressed to N. P. Van Valkenburgh Co.,
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple,

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

ORDINANCE NO.	331	Commissioner Clark moved that Ordinance No. 331	be	referred to

amendment	the City Attorney with the request that Section	25	and 26 be

	eliminated. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

CEMETERY DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendations of the City

Buriel Fee	Manager be approved relative to the charging of	an	additional

	$5.00 fee when buriels are made with the casket	enclosed in a

wooden box. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

BLACKIE'S CLOTHING	At this time a letter was read to the Board of City Commissioners

STORE LICENSE	from Walter Goins operator of Blackie's Clothing Store, at 215

	Stewart Street relative to his license fee as charged by the

City Clerk. Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Mr. Goins
be notified that it is the opinion of the Board of City Commissioners
that the fee now charged for the operation of his business at 215
Stewart Street is in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance
No. 244. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

RESIGNATION EE: Russel	Commissioner Baskin moved that the resignation of Russell L. Knight

L. Knight - Juvenile	Juvenile Officer, be accepted, and further that Mr. Knight be

Officer	notified that the space alloted to him in the new jail for office

	space will be needed by the City and request that he vacate same

as soon as possible. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Moore.

WAGE SCHEDULE FOR	The following salary scale for 1948 was presented to the Board

1948	for their consideration:

JOB CLASSIFICATION	DEPARTMENT

Accountant, General	Comptroller

Accountant, Cost	"

Assessor	Assessor

Assistant, Recreational	Recreation

Attendant, Locker	Swimming pool

Attorney, City	City Attorney

Attorney, Deputy City	"	2

Captain	Fire

Captain, Detective	Police

Captain, Jailor	

Captain, Police	"

Carpenter,	Street

Cashier	Swimming Pool

Chief, Assistant	Fire	Fire

Chief, Fire	Fire

Chief, Police	Police

Clerk	City Clerk, Dep.

Clerk, Chief Deputy	"	"

Clerk, Chief Legal	City	Attorney

Clerk, City	City	Clerk

Clerk, Court	Municipal Court

Clerk, Deputy	City Clerk