1.	If this use permit is granted will it impair the acquisition of
right-of-way for the proposed free-way?

2.	What is the proposed location of the free-way?

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be deferred and the Board call on Otis
Wright or Houston Mills to determine these two questions and ask that the 
boundary line of the free-way be determined as soon as possible in sufficient time
so the Board can act on this application.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain; Sharp; and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes; none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

REZONING - Z-10-57	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of the

John H. Clark	property owners of the approval of the application of John H. Clark for the rezoning 
public Hearing on	of the unnumbered portion of Block 8; Amended Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-4

Appeal of Approval	to C-2; Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if the protestants had anything further to

	present which has not already been considered by the Board.

Mr. William Singleton; representing the protestants appeared at this time and
asked that those objecting be allowed to present their objections. Those who 
protested were as follows:

Paul Strang	201	Spencer

A.L. Manning	209	Spencer

Mrs. Thelma Matorian	1725 E. Carson

Mrs. Emma Boston	1720 E. Carson

Mr. Edward Maier	205	Spencer

Harry S. Robbins	224	Spencer

Charles Koehl	218	Spencer

Don Kallis	204	Spencer

Mrs. William Henderson	229 Circle Drive

Mrs. Vic Havas	208	South Bruce

Mrs. Elmer Wahlgren	210	South Bruce

Bill Wright	220	South Bruce

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be continued until April 2, 1958 and a meeting 
held with the Planning Commission in this regard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes; none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VACATION PETITION	The Commission considered the petition of Andrew Johnson for the vacation of a portion 

North 6th Street	of North 6th Street at the intersection of Ogden Avenue. Associate Planner

Kennedy advised the Board that the Planning Commission recommended that this 
vacation be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on this petition for vacation be held
April 23, 1958 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes; none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

WEST BONANZA	Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking 

One-Hour Parking	Commission that one-hour parallel parking regulations be established on West Bonanza be

continued until the next regular meeting on April 2, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes; none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

EAST CHARLESTON	Commissioner Bunker moved the application for rezoning of property on East Charles-

Rezoning	ton Boulevard between 15th and Fremont Streets presently zoned R-4 to C-1 be held

Z-46-56	until the next regular meeting on April 2, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes; none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time Commissioner Fountain was excused from the meeting.

SEWAGE TREATMENT	Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission that the installation of the Sewage

PLANT WELL	Treatment Plant Well has been completed; the notice of completion filed and it

Acceptance & Payment 	is recommended that the installation be accepted; the bond released and final

payment made.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Sewage Treatment Plant Well be accepted; the bond
released and final payment of $354.00 to Allen & Failing authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes; none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain and Mayor Baker.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION 	Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitations
PERMITS	Permits; as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board; be approved and the

	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

Loyal Order of Moose
LDS 4th Ward

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker; Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes; none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain and Mayor Baker.

3-19-58