SECTION 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in
conflict with the provisions of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealer 
shall not be construed to revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part
thereof, heretofore repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or
parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid,
such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of
this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, 
and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or
part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice
in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of
Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets; therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of 
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once
a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption,
in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 16th day of April, 1958.

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner E.W. Fountain
Commissioner Harris P. Sharp
Commissioner Reed Whipple
Mayor	C.D. Baker

Nays:	None

Commissioner Whipple then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with
the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Whipple
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting, be and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of
said Emergency Ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing
of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read
and as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage and
adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the following result:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted as an emergency
ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 764.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

4-16-58