Las Vegas, Nevada
July 20, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 20th day of July, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Assistant City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Representatives of the following club liquor licensees were present, at the request
of the Commission, concerning the operation of the bars in their organizations:

American Legion
Adavens Key Club
Footprinters Club
Sheriff's Mounted Posse
Silver State Elks Lodge

Mayor Baker advised these licensees that the purpose of requesting their presence
was to discuss the policy of the Commission in conjunction with the club liquor
license issued to charitable and service organizations. His Honor advised these
licensees that complaints have been received that some of the organizations have
not been careful about serving non-members, and are actually in competition with
the regular bars who pay a much greater license fee. He stated further that there
has been some resentment when members of the Police Department come into the
organizations and ask questions from whomever is in charge as to the conducting of
the bar, membership and persons in charge of the organization. His Honor then
advised those present that the following restrictions had been imposed on club
liquor licenses:

1)	Only members of the organization and guests accompanied by members
are to be served on the premises. Membership lists should be posted
near the bar and checked by the bartender.

2)	When meetings are held by other groups than the licensee, the privileges
of the bar are not to be extended to them.

3)	No minors are to be allowed on the premises or as members of the
organization.

4)	Copies of the By-laws of the organization are to be filed with the
City Clerk.

5)	Police Department is to make a periodic check and report to the
Commission.

Mr. James Berkible from the Footprinters Association and Mr. Harold Jones of the
Sheriff's Mounted Posse discussed aspects of the rules governing this type of liquor
license and promised cooperation with the Commission in observing the same.

The Commission advised those present that the liquor ordinances were in the process of
being amended and these restrictions would be included. Commissioners Fountain and
Whipple, members of the committee to make recommendation on this proposed ordinance
indicated that copies would be available to the organization prior to adoption.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he felt that all organizations were aware of the
conditions imposed on the club liquor license and so long as they are abided by,
everything will be fine; however, if the Commission receive reports that there
are any flagrant violations he will be the first to vote to revoke the license.

His Honor then stated that none of the organizations represented were in violation
according to the last check made by the Police Department. He indicated that they
were in the clear now, and advised them to remain that way.

Mr. Edwin Dotson, representing George Harmon of the Downtown Civic & Social Club
was present at this time and stated that they had no further information regarding
the investigation of this organization since the last meeting. Mr. Dotson assured
the Commission that the Club would cooperate with all the rules of the Commission
and requested that this license be continued. The Commission asked how many active
members there were in this organization, and were advised that there are approximately

400.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the club liquor license of the Downtown Civic and
Social Club, 126½ North 1st Street, be reinstated subject to compliance with the
ordinances and provisions set forth by the Commission.

7-20-55

CLUB LIQUOR
LICENSEES

DOWNTOWN CIVIC &
SOCIAL CLUB
Liquor License
Reinstated

