Commission to grant a Use Permit, that such use had to be for the public health and
welfare, and that this point had not been proven to their satisfaction.

Mr. Jack Leavitt, owner of property adjoining this proposed site, also spoke in protest
to the installation of the pre-kindergarten school.

Mr. Gubler then requested permission to take a standing count of the protestants present
at the meeting. The following persons were present:

Messrs. Larry Bair

Roy McGinnis
Wayne Zieger
Joseph A. Berg
Harry Bartell
Harvey Freestone
Art Smith
O. E. Norman
Art E. McKenzie
Mr. & Mrs. William Kelsey
Orval Milk
Ralph A. Leigon
Jack Leavitt
Paul J. Smitley
E. C. Olsen
Mrs. R. R. Carey
John Licini
W. H. Cook
Dr. Tecumseh McCall
Dr. & Mrs. Joel Holmes

Thereafter the Board determined that this application for Use Permit should be taken under
advisement and the applicants requested to submit a detailed lay-out of the plans, location
of proposed construction on this property, and clarification on the right-of-way,
proposed widths and improvement of said streets, before final determination is made.

Messrs. Zenoff and Gubler were informed that they would be advised when the Commission
was prepared to render a decision in this regard.

At the hour of 9:25 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour of
9:45 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Mr. William Loretta presented the request of Mr. James Harris for permission to move a
two-room residence from 307 Madison to the southwest comer of "I" and Monroe Streets.

Mr. Loretta advised the Commission that the details had been checked by the Building
Department and recommended the approval of this application for house moving.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Superintendent of Building
and Safety be accepted and the application of James Harris to move this structure from
307 Madison to the southwest comer of "I" and Monroe approved, subject to compliance
with the provisions of the Building Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; nay, Commissioner Jarrett.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade requested permission to construct a road from the
extension of Bonanza Road to the sewage disposal plant. Mr. Wade stated that he had
received informal bids from two contractors as follows:

Lembke-Clough and King	$3860

Industrial Construction	2950

Stewart & Wells	No bid

Mr. Wade recommended that he be given permission to further negotiate with Industrial
Construction to ascertain whether or not this work can be done within a reasonable length
of time at a lower price.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works be approved
and that negotiations proceed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; nay, none.

Chief of Police A. H. Kennedy submitted a report on the operation of the Downtown Civic and
Social Club, located at 126½ North 1st Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that George Harmon, licensee for the Downtown Civic
and Social Club, be notified to appear before the Board at the next regular meeting on
June 1, 1955 to show cause why the club liquor license issued this organization should
not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; nay, none.

5-25-55

HOUSE MOVING
James Harris

ROAD CONSTRUCTION
Bonanza Road

DOWNTOWN CIVIC &
SOCIAL CLUB
Ordered to Appear