Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to issue a purchase order in the amount of $5,000.00
to Wells Cargo Inc. to cover requirements for street repair and patching.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Las Vegas Concert Band for the erection
of band stand in Squires Park. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Superintendent of
Recreation H. B. Trent and Superintendent of Parks Kenneth Hadland have recommended that
if this request is approved that the band stand be constructed between the Library and
the Boy Scout Building. The Commission was advised that the estimated cost of this band
stand would be $500.00. The Commission decided that a temporary stand should be provided
and see how this works out.

The request of the L.D.S. Church for exchange of City property was held until the next
meeting of the Commission.

City Manager Kennedy reported on the request of the City to purchase twenty acres of land
from the Las Vegas Valley Water District in the Hyde Park area, located in the SE¼ of
Section 31, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager and City Attorney be authorized to negotiate
with the Las Vegas Valley Water District and their attorneys for the purchase of this
land.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Ben Fabbi for reduction of the solicitors license
fee to sell Raleigh Products be approved, and this license reduced to the minimum fee.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Willard J. Bren for refund of $150.00 Police
Investigation fee be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.47 for the construction of two fire
stations, one on East Charleston and the other on West Charleston, be awarded to the low
bidder, Western States Construction in the total amount of $112,480.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.47 be awarded to Western States Construction in
the total amount of $112,480.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the attendance of Fire Chief Gates at the Fire Chief Convention
in Sacramento, California August 21st through the 24th, 1956 be approved and expenses of
$150.00 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Thomas Bibbs for refund of $150.00, which represents
the unused portion of the annual fee deposited for a Retail Beverage license at the New
Valley View Market, 1316 North D Street, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

APPROVED:



Mayor

ATTEST:

	City Clerk 

9-5-56

PURCHASE ORDER
Patching Contract

BAND STAND IN
CITY PARK

CITY PROPERTY
EXCHANGE

PURCHASE OF LAND
Las Vegas Valley
Water District

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION

Ben Fabbi

REFUND OF POLICE
INVESTIGATION FEE

BID NO. 56.47
Fire Stations
Awarded

CONVENTION
ATTENDANCE
Fire Chief

REFUND OF LIQUOR
LICENSE DEPOSIT
Denied