work may at any time be ascertained, and the said book shall be open to inspection by any
person interested in said improvement at all reasonable hours. The City Engineer's office
shall be an office of record for all maps, plans, profiles, drawings, dedications, final
estimates, specifications, and contracts which in any way realte to the affairs of the City.
The City Engineer shall be the custodian of an must keep all the drawings, and documents
above mentioned on file, properly indexed, and his office shall be supplied with necessary
books, cases, and supplies for recording and filing as herein required. The City Engineer
shall be provided with a seal by the city for his use, containing the words, "City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, Engineering Department," and said seal shall be affixed to every certificate
and/or approval by him. He shall keep all documents and records filed in his office in good
condition and turn the same over to his successor in office. Copies of all documents, maps,
files, estimates, plans, profiles, drawings, specifications, dedications, and all other
records filed in the office of the City Engineer, when properly authenticated or certified
by the City Engineer, shall be admitted as evidence in all courts of law, the same as docu-
ments of any other office or record. The City Engineer shall perform such other and further
duties as the Board of Commissioners may require or which shall be prescribed by
ordinance.

He shall in order to qualify, take the official oath of office, and furnish
bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, payable to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, conditioned for the faithful discharge of the duties of his office and the proper
accounting for all public property and money that may come into his hands by virtue of his
office, which bond shall be signed by the principal, and two or more good and sufficient
sureties, if individual sureties, or by a surety company bond of a surety company qualified
to do business for the then current year in the State of Nevada, such bond to be approved
by the Board of Commissioners of the City of by some officers or officer designated by such
Board. It a surety company bond is furnished the premium thereon shall be paid by the City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that until the further order of the Board of Commissioners
said City Engineer shall receive no salary or compensation other than hereinafter provided;
that as full compensation for the services to be rendered as such City Engineer he shall be
allowed, receive and be paid not to exceed six per cent. of the actual cost of the con-
struction of each project, which six percent shall include full compensation to said Engin-
eer and the compensation for all assistants in surveying and staking out the work and
inspectors to see that the work is performed in accordance with the plans and specifications,
provided that such inspectors shall not at the cost of the City Engineer exceed three in-
spectors on any one project, and shall also include the services for preparing plans, speci-
fications, estimates, assessments and assessment plats, providing further that the City
shall as a part of such compensation allow and pay such sum per month as the Board of Com-
missioners may from time to time determine towards the maintenance of the office of such
City Engineer. Be it further provided that in the event the City Engineer shall become in-
capacitated to finish any project or shall resign or be removed from the office before com-
pleting any project, then and in either of such cases he shall be paid on the bases of the
reasonable value of the work performed up to the date of the incapacity, resignation or
removal, as the case may be. On work other than improvement projects as above provided for
said City Engineer shall be paid the reasonable value of his services, but not to exceed

dollars per day. He may appoint, subject to the approval of the Board of
City Commissioners, all assistants necessary for the proper prosecution of such other work,
All work must be ordered by the Board of City Commissioners or the Commissioner of some
department of the City, and the City shall not be liable for any services performed by the
City Engineer unless so ordered prior to the doing of the same. Any surveying or engineer-
ing work costing over One Hundred Dollars must have the approval of the Board of City Com-
missioners before being performed by the City Engineer.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the engineering services of the City Engineer
shall not include the services of architect, and the Board of City Commissioners shall have
the right to employ engineers to do special engineering work for which said Board does not
deem the City Engineer Qualified to do to the satisfaction of the Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday the 29th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
SEPT. 29th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 29th day
of Sept. 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.