towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

The next business considered by the Board was the calling of an election to be
held for the purpose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners. Thereupon after a discussion
of the matter, and upon motion of Commissioner Stewart seconded by Commissioner McGovern, the
following Resolution was duly adopted viz: " Resolved , that a general election be and the same
la hereby ordered to be held at the Fire house in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. on
the 6th, day of May, 1913. for the election of a Mayor and Four Commissioners; that the polls
be opened at 8o'clock A.M. and close at 6 o'clock P.M. on said day, and that L.D. Smith, J.A.
Delameter and John W. Tuck, Sr, be and they are hereby are appointed as inspectors of said election
to conduct the same in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada governing elections.

Be it Further Resolved, that no candidate for office at such election shall be entitled to have
his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate shall, at least ten days before the
date of such election, file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a certificate
of nomination in writing, containing the name of the person nominated, such certificate shall
be signed and verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein
possesses the qualifications as required by the City Charter. All provisions of the law relating
to general elections so far as the same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the
provisions of the City Charter shall be observed in the conduct of such election.

Be It further resolved, that the Mayor protem., the Mayor being absent be and he is hereby
is authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of such election,
such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary

or required to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the city of Las Vegas of the date,
time, place of holding such election, the purpose thereof, the conditions under which the same
is held, the name of the Inspectors of such election, and such other matters as may be deemed
proper in the premises.

Be it further resolved that such Proclamation be published in the Clark County Review for
a period of at least four weeks prior to the date of said election, and printed copies of such
Proclamation be posted by the City Clerk in three public places in said City for the same period
of time.

Be it further resolved that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed to have

the official ballots prepaired and to do and perform all such acts and give such notices as may

be necessary or required of him in order that said election may be called and held, 

and the qualified voters may have notice thereof, as required by the laws
of the State of Nevada governing elections as as required by the provisions of the City Charter
and this resolution. the vote on said resolution be as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin,

aye, McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

	A Letter from the Chamber of Commerce relating to the establishment of a Llbary under the
Carnegie System was read before the Board and after due consideration upon the part of the it
was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin and duly seconded and carried ordered
that this matter be returned to the Chamber of Commerce with instructions that the City has
not sufficient funds of enterine any thing if this kind at the present. the vote being as follows
towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time H.M. Lillis presented to the Board a petition from the abbuting tax payers on
first street asking that an side walk be laid from Fremont street south to Garcia street, after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be turned over to the
City Attorney with instructions that he look into the legal part of said matter and, report to
the Board at there next regular meeting in April. there being no further business before the Board
it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next
regular meeting unless called together by the Mayor.