-ation upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Mc Govern seconded by Stewart and duly
carried ordered that there be nine lights placed upon Fremont Street, said lights to be of Iron
Standard Street Lighting fixtures not to exceed the sum of Six Hundred dollars as appears more
fully from blue print, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor Protem voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
order that this Board adjourn to meet December l7th, A.D. 1912.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
December 17th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present All Commissioners of the Board with the
exception of the Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, there being a quorum present, with the Hon Ed. Von Tobel
Mayor protem present the Board proceeded to take up any and all matters due to come before the
Board, the question of accepting the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on
before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this matter go over until
December 17th, A.D. 1912. at eight o'clock P.M. there being no further business before the Board
it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this Board adjourn until December 17th,
A.D. 1912. to take any and all matters that may come before it.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 17th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor protem and
Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, and Mc Govern.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for the acceptance of the sewer
system of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada as constructed by the American Light and Water Company
for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada per an contract made and entered into on the 4th, day of
May A.D. 1912.

At this time J.C. Chatsfield assistance engineer for L.C. Kelsey the regular employed
Engineer for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada files his written report on said sewer system as
follows towit:- " Las Vegas, Nevada December 17th, 1912. To the Hon, Mayor and City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen , After acting as Engineer on
construction during the installation of the Las Vegas Sewer system, constructed by the American
Light and Water company, I hereby recommend to your Honorable body that the sewer system be

accepted as complete, according to the plans and specifications as adopted by the City Commissioners
of Las Vegas. I recommend this after throughly inspecting the system during, and after constr-