At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for the General City Election to be
held on the 7th day of May, 1935, for the purpose of electing a mayor and two City Commissioners
for the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner
Down, the following Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

There as, under the provisions of Section 3 Chapter 11 of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada, in the year 1929, a
General City Election must be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May,

1933, and it appearing therefrom that such election should be called and prepared for,

NOW THEREFORE,

BE IT RESOLVED, that a General City Election be and the same is hereby ordered to be
held in said City of Las Vegas on the 7th day of May, 1935 for the purpose of electing
a mayor and two Commissioner, namely: a Commissioner of the 1st and a commissioner of the
3rd class, at the places hereinafter set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of said Section
3 Chapter 11 of said Charter of said City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1923, said City of
Las Vegas be and is hereby divided into eleven election precincts, as follows:

Precinct No. 1, which is bounded on the north by the northern limit of the City of Las
Vegas; on the east by the center line of Fifth Street from the northern limit of said
City, south to the center of Stewart Street, thence west along the center line of Stewart
Street to the center of Third Street, thence south along the center line of Third Street
to the center of Fremont Street, and on the south by the center line of Fremont Street and
a continuation thereof from the center of Third Street to the right-of-way of the Union
Pacific Railroad, and on the west by the said right-of-way of said Union Pacific Railroad
from the center of Fremont Street to the northern city limit.

Precinct No. 2, Which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the point where Clark Avenue
in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas intersects the eastern line of the Union Pacific
right-of-way, south along the said boundary of the said right-of-way to a continuation
of	the	center	line of Fremont Street;	thence east along the	center line of Fremont Street

to	the	center	of Third Street; thence	south along the center	line of Third Street to the

Center of Bridger Street; thence west along the the center line of Bridger Street to the
eastern boundary of the Union Pacific right-of-way; thence south along said boundary of
of said right-of-way to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence, west along the center
of Charleston Boulevard to the Southeast corner of the SW¼ of Section 33, Township 20S
Range 61 E., M.D.B & M.: thence north along the center line of the said Section 33, Town-
ship 20 S. Range 61 E., M.D.B.& M. to the NE corner of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 33,
Township 20 S., Range 61 E., thence wet to the western limit of the City of Las Vegas;
thence north along the western limits of said city to the NW corner of the SW¼ of the SW¼
of	Section 30	Township 20 S. Range 61	E., thence west along	the line from the said corner

to	the	center	line of Clark Avenue; thence along the center	line of Clark Avenue to the

point of beginning.

Precinct No. 3, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Bridger Street; on
the east by the center line of Third Street; on the south by the center line of Clark
Street, and on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way.

Precinct No. 4, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Clark Street; on
the east by the center line of Third Street; on the south by the center line of Garces
Street, and on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way.

Precinct No. 5, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the point where the center
line of Fifth Street intersects the northern	limit of the City of Las Vegas, east

along the said northern limit of said city to the eastern limit of said city; thence
south along said eastern limit to the point where Croissant Street intersects the said
eastern limit of the said city; thence west along the said Croissant Street to the center
of State Street; thence south along the center line of State Street to the center of Oak
Street; thence west along the northern boundary of Buck's Subdivision of the City of Las
Vegas to the center of Seventh Street; thence south along the center of Seventh Street
to the center of Fremont Street; thence west along the center line of Fremont Street to
the center line of Third Street; thence north along the center line of Third Street to the
center of Stewart Street; thence east along the center line of of Stewart Street to the
center of Fifth Street; thence north along the center line of Fifth Street to the point
of beginning.

Precinct No. 6, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Fremont Street: on the
east by the intersection of Fremont Street and Charleston Boulevard; on the south by
Charleston Boulevard from said intersection west to the southwest corner of Harrison
Acres and a line running from said southwest corner of Harrison Acres to the intersection
of Bridger and Fifteenth Streets and the center line of Bridger Street; and on the west
by the center line of Third Street.

Precinct No. 7, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Bridger Street from the
center of Third Street east to the intersection of Fifteenth and Bridger Streets and by a
line from the said intersection of the southwest corner of Harrison Acres; on the south
by the center line of Charleston Boulevard from the southwest corner of Harrison Acres
west to the center of Garces Street and by the center line of Garces Street from the center
line of Charleston Boulevard west to the center of Third Street; and on the west by the
center line of Third Street.