VARIANCE APPLICATION
Wm. L. Eakins
V 18-53

PUBLIC HEARING SET
REZONING
R-22-53 

REZONING R—3 to R-4
Louis J, Ortner

R 26-53

TENTATIVE MAP
Heers Subdivision
Tract No. 1

PERSONAL PROPERTY
BONDS

FINAL MAP
Paradise Park

the neighborhood. In addition, objections were filed by many residents of the area.

Dr. Martin Payne was present to discuss this variance with the Board. He stated that he did not
feel this type of building in this neighborhood would be destructive to the property values in
anyway, and Parking facilities would be provided.

Discussion was held on this matter.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the Public Hearing on this Variance be held April 20,

1953, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bun-

ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of William L. Eakins
for variance to construct and maintain a kitchenette in a proposed guest house and within 15
feet of the east property line and 22 feet of the west property line. This property is situated
at 1825 West Bonanza Road between Clarkway Drive and Sunny Place in a portion of the N½Se¼ Sec.

28, T 20 S, R 61 E., on a lot 100 by 378 feet in an R-E (Residence Estate,) Use District was pre-
sented to the Board of Commissioners for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 16th day of March, 1953, William L. Eakins filed an application with the
Regional Planning Commission for a variance to construct and maintain a kitchenette in a proposed
guest house and within 15 feet of the east property line and 22 feet of the west property line.
This property is situated at 1825 West Bonanza Road between Clarkway Drive and Sunny Place in a
portion of the N½ SE¼ Sec. 28, T 20 S, R 61 E., on a lot 100 by 378 feet in an R-E (Residence
Estate) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on March 26th, 1553, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no communications
protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on April 1, 1953, recommend-
ing that such variance be granted,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that
William L. Eakins be granted a variance to construct and maintain a kitchenette in a proposed
guest house and within 15 feet of the east property line and 22 feet of the west property line.
Situated at 1825 West Bonanza Road between Clarkway Drive and Sunny Place, be and the same hereby
is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Public Hearing on the following rezonings be set for April 20,

1553 at 7:30 P.M.

From R-E (Residence Estate) Use District to R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District
all of the E½ E½ NE¼ Sec. 30 T 20 S, R 61 #, MDB&M.

From R-1 (Single Family Residence) Use District to C-1 (General Commercial) Use District all
of that portion of the SE¼ SE¼ NW¼ Sec. 25 T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M., lying northeasterly of U.S.,
Highway 55.

From R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District to R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District all
of that portion of the SE¼ SE¼ NW¼ Sec. 29, T 20 S, R 61 E, lying southwesterly of U.S. Highway
55 and the E½ SW¼ SE¼ NW¼ Sec. 25 T 20 S, R 61 E, and the S½ NW¼ SE¼ NW¼ Sec. 25, T 20 S, R 6l
E, and the SE¼ NW¼ SE¼ NW¼ Sec. 25, T 20 S, R 61 E, MDB&M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the application of Louis J. Ortner to rezone cer-
tain property in the Meadows Addition from R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District To R-4 (Apartment
Residence) Use District be held April 20, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Heers Subdivision Tract #1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the meeting recessed and was called to order at the hour of 9:30 P.M. with all
members present as of opening meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved that in cases where personal property bonds are furnished to meet bond-
ing requirements on subdivisions the Suretys furnish financial statements to Hibbs & Associates
so the same can be examined and certified as to the financial responsibility of the Suretys.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Paradise Park be approved subject to certification
as to the Suretys financial responsibility and subject to acknowledgment on bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.