Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

A letter from the Building Trades Council was read to the Board. This letter and a Resol-
ution requested the Board of Commissioners to take immediate action against the moving of houses
from Boulder City into the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the letter and Resolution be handed to the City Attorney and City Engineer for investigation and
report.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the City Engineer be instructed to issued permits for the moving in and locating of five houses
from Boulder City. The said five houses to be owned and improved by the following owners:

Glenn Purdy, W.C.Whitehead, Lola G. Allen,

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that John Cotter and P. Huston be granted retail beverage licenses for the fourth quarter year.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Op motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward that all slot machine license
applications on file with the Clerk be granted at this time.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the City proceed with all possible speed in the preparations for the improving of the City Streets
under the W.P.A. administration, and that the City Attorney and City Engineer prepare and present
to the Board for its consideration all necessary preliminary plans, notices, estimates and specifications
.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 20th day of October, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

A. quorum not appearing on the night of October 20th no meeting was held.



OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1936

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Don, Farnsworth, Mar-
ble and Ward, City Clerk and City Attorney.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.
Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion of the offer of the United States of
America to aid by way of grant in financing the construction of street improvements, and the
following resolution to be known as Resolution I, of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas was proposed by Commissioner Marble:

RESOLUTION I____

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

Section 1. hat the offer of the United States of America to the City of Lag Vegas to
aid by way of grant in financing the construction of street improvements, a copy of which
offer reads as follows:

P.W. 59321-152

FEDERAL EMERGENCY ADMINISTRATION
OF PUBLIC WORKS

Washington, D.C.

Dated Oct. 23, 1936

	Docket No. Nev. 1021-D

City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Subject to the Terms and Conditions (PWA Form No. 210, July 1, 1936) which
are made a part hereof, the United States of America hereby offers to aid in the financ-
ing the construction of street improvements (herein called the "Project") by making a
grant to the City of Las Vegas in the amount of 45 percent of the cost of the Project
upon completion, as determined by Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works, but
not to exceed in any event, the sum of $34.364.