Also at this time the Clerk read to the Board letter received from the Building &
Construction Trades Council of Clark and Lincoln Counties containing the wage scales as same
are set up by the Council. In said letter the City of Las Vegas was ask to have these wage
scales inserted in the contracts for the construction of the proposed power plant and system
for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write and inform the Building and Construction Trades Council that at such time
as a contract was entered into for the construction of a power plant and system for the City
that the hourly wage scales as presented by the Council would be considered.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the report of the conditions of the daries in the City of Las Vegas as same was made by
Dr. Mildren at the oral request of Mayor Pro Tem Marble be filed in the office of the Clerk.

And that the Clerk be directed to write Dr. Smith, City Milk inspector and ask that he also
make a complete inspection of the dairies and herds and report his findings to the Board in writ-
ing. Dr. Mildren's report showed all the dairies in the City in excellent condition.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that this Board set the hour of seven o'clock P.M. on Monday the 4th day of April, 1938 as the
time when the City would consider and hear the petitions of the Labor Union for the repeal or
amendment to the City "Picketing Ordinance No. 181".

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor pro tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time three (3) bids were opened for the purchase of fencing to be used at the city

Park.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that these bids be referred to C.D.Baker for checking and he make a report of his findings to
the Board before purchasing the fencing.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bids opened at this time for electrical supplies to referred to Mr. Baker for checking
and that his findings be reported to the Board before purchase being had.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Standard Whle. Supply Co. be accepted. Said bid being 89.50

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under discussion the use of private cars for City purposes,
also considering the paying of cost of operations of said cars while used for City purposes.
After a lengthy discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by
Commissioner Krause moved and carried that the City allow the sum of $12.50 per month toward
the expense of the operation of the cars of the Chief of Police David Mackey and C.D. Baker
City Engineer and that the sum of $7.50 per month be allowed toward the operations expense of
the cars of Chief of the Fire Department H. Case and W.J. Rhodes assistant to Mr. Baker.

Same to be effective until the further order of this Board.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 30th day of March, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA,

MARCH 30th, 1938

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 30th day of March, 1938 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, City Attorney and Clerk



Absent Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Perry.

Minutes of meetings of March 4th, 7th, 9th, 21st read and corrected.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write the Signal Oil Company of California and inform that
company that the City would accept its price of $.1594 per gallon for gasoline for City pur-
poses. This price to be for the pro rata requirements from this company for the year 1938.

Vote Commissioners Krause and	Ronnow and Mayor Pro	Tem Marble voting aye. Noes,	none.

Mr. Frank Burke, owner of the	Burke Shows appeared	before the Board and ask permission

to operate his show (a traveling carnival) for three days in the City of Las Vegas during the
week of April 2nd, 1938.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commis-
sioner Krause it was moved and carried that Mr. Burke be granted permission to operate his
show	in the City of Las Vegas for a	number of days during the week of April 2nd, 1938	and to

pay to the Clerk the sum of $100.00	per day for each day	said show operates.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.