fight for Our Country, Our Flag, and the principals it represents:

And Whereas, The American People are every ready to meet and express their views on National
issues on the Public Forum:	Therefore be it resolved: That the 1st day of May 1917, be and is

hereby set apart as A Day for Patriotic Exercises in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;

And be it further resolved that the Mayor is hereby Directed to issue a Proclamation setting forth
in detail the general arrangement for said Exercises, And be it further resolved that the sum of One
Hundred ($100.00) be and the same is hereby appropriated to pay for Flags and Incidental Expanses
for the Public Demonstration.

The Vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth
Aye Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called together sooner by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 2nd, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nev.
held on the 2nd day of May A.D. 1917, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball,
Elwell, Farnsworth, and Matzdorf being present, with City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the regular meeting and special meetings read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk.

Reports of officers read and a proved as read.

The question of setting aside a certain sum of Money for the Baby show to be conducted in said

City on the 2nd day of May coming on before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and

carried ordered that the sum of $25.00 be and the same is hereby apportioned out of the General fund
of said City.

The Board having heretofore ordered the purchase of a Federal Auto Fire truck for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, in the sum of $2,100.00 and having failed to designated out of what fund said
monies is to be paid it was then upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of
$2,100.00 be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the salary fund of said City to the
Fire and police fund of said City of Las egas, Nevada, and the City Clerk is hereby ordered and
Directed to draw his warrant for the payment of the same upon order from the Mayor of said City
upon the approval and acceptance of said Fire Auto Truck.

It was further called to the attention of the Board that the Police and Fire fund of said
city is short and no sufficient fund in the said fund for the payment of currents claims it was

upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of $700.00 be and the same is hereby

ordered transferred from the General fund of said City to the Fire and police fund of said City.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance granting permission to the Standard
Oil Company to erect Tanks and Storage tanks on the Company property of the Salt Lake Railroad
at the end of Lewis Street in said City for the first reading and upon motion being duly made and
carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over until the second reading of said Board.

At this time A.S. Henderson and C.E. Mc Carthy members of the Clark County Highway Commission
appeared before the Board and in formed the Board that the said Highway Commission was in a position
to repair the road at the end of Fremont street in said City connecting up with the Searchlight
Road of about a mile and asked said Board if they would authorize the said work to be done if so that
said work would be done for as little cost as possible, and it appearing to the Board that said work
would be of a benefit to said City and the same being in the City Limits of said City it was ordered