East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 24 and 26 Valley View Addition.

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 20, 21, 26, 27 and 28 Valley View
Addition, from the easterly line of Lot 6 of each Block eastwardly
to the existing sewer in "A" Street.

ADAMS AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, 390 feet Westerly;
WASHINGTON AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, $00 feet
Westerly.

"H" STREET from the intersection of Washington Avenue to the inter-
section of Adams Avenue.

The East-West alley bisecting Block 32, HFM&M Addition from the
center line of "H" Street, 79½ feet eastwardly to an existing sewer
in said alley.

SECTION 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements,
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys,
plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation properly
charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special
assessments made according to the benefits against the owners and the assessable
lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included
within said District, proportionately to the benefits received. The entire cost and
expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $19,942.30 and the total of the
special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment
upon any such lot or premises exceed 100% of the value of such lot or premises as
shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation,
but such cost in excess of 100% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid
out of the General Fund.

SECTION 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of
Nevada, the acting Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall
prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, an
assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, and shall assess each lot or parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned
special assessment district with such relative portion of the whole amount to be
levied in said district, as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting
to such lot or parcel of land from the Improvement.

SECTION 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed
the assessment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the 

assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form pre-
scribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been pre-
pared and reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk,
and numbered.

SECTION 9. That before said special, assessment roll is adopted and confirmed
by said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto
with the City Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 19th day of October, 1955; at 8:00
o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby
fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and
Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special
assessment roll and to review said assessments.

SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City
Clerk, she shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio City
Assessor will meet to review the assessments at least once a week for two weeks in
the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas.
Said notice shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as
aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet
and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any objection
to said assessments, which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved there-
by, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assess-
ment or description of the premises as appearing therein, and may confirm and approve
it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back to said
Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment in
which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the
City Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation,
which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as
herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon
deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such con-
firmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City
Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll
in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents
of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and

9-21-55