This being the time previously set by the Board of commissioners for the meeting with the
wholesale beverage and liquor dealers in the City of Las Vegas and a number being present
a general discussion ensued in regard to the various sections of the ordinance governing the
wholesaling and retailing of liquors. No definite action of any kind was taken at this time.

H. Case appeared before the Board with plans for the remodeling of the firehall. He was
instructed to proceed with the improvements under the supervision of C.D.Baker, Building In-
spector.

Mike Pinjuv, operator of a grocery store appeared before the Board protesting the pass-
ing of a Sunday closing ordinance for grocers.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the retail beverage license applied for by Venis Lancaster to granted. Money
to cover the same accompanying the application.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Ward passing his vote. Noes, none.

Dr. R.W.Smith, City meat inspector appeared before the Board requesting that body to
appoint an official place for the inspection of meats.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the slaughter house of the Southern Nevada Meat and Provision Corporation be
designated an official slaughter house and meat inspection station.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Commissioner Down previously excused. Noes, none.

The letter read a letter to the Board at this time from the Clark County Board of Com-
missioners asking that a representative from the City Board attend a meeting of the County
Board Friday the 13th day of March, 1936 for the purpose of discussion the budgets for the
year 1936.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that Mayor Arnett and A.W. Blackman, auditor for the City attend this meeting.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The following entitled petition was presented to the Board by the Clerk.

PETITION

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

We, the undersigned, citizens and residents of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, recognizing that Joe May, for about seventeen years, served the people of
this community honestly, efficiently and fearlessly as a police officer, respectfully pet-
ition your honorable Board to reconsider the action heretofore taken dismissing Joe May from
the City Police Department and we respectfully request that he be reinstated as a member
of said department.

Respectfully yours,

Said petition was signed by about three hundred fifty persons.

On motion of Commissioner Barbie seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the reading of the petition and names be waived and that the same be referred
to Mayor Arnett for disposition.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
 Ward passing his vote. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Saturday the 14th day of March, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

COURT HOUSE LAWN, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 14th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of March, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Ward, Down and Marble
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

This meeting being held in commemoration of the incorporating of the City of Las Vegas
March 16th, 1921, A number of members of past Boards of Commissioners were present and spoke
upon the advancement of the City in the last twenty-five years and related many interesting
incidents in regard to the growth of the City.

Among those present were former Mayors, Buol, German, Cragin, Hesse Ferron and former
Commissioners Von Tobel Lou Martin Mundy, Smith, Hammond, Neagle, former City Attorneys Ham,
and Henderson, Clerk W.L. Scott, former Chiefs of Police Nash and Boggs, member of the
Cemetery Board Mrs. Theresa McGovern.