414

BID NO. 53.23 - Sewer Plant
Rodding Machine

CHANGE OF STREET NAME
Posada Vista Ave to
Burnham Avenue

VARIANCE APPLICATION APPEAL
Howard Burgess
Dormitory for Men

Commissioner Whipple moved the bid of F. T. Boise and T. D. Morris and Co. by T. D.
Morris for the bonds for Assessment District No. 100-18 in the total sum of $35,410.80
series of June 1, 1953, be accepted as contained in the bid, subject to approval by
the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 53.23 for the furnishing of a
Rodding Machine for the Sewer Plant, bids were received from the following firms:

ROTO-ROOTER CORPORATION	$3,150.00

SOUTHWEST SEWER TOOL	4,179.05

INLAND SERVICE	995.50

INLAND SERVICE	456.00

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the proposed change of
name of Posada Vista Avenue to Burnham Avenue, as recommended by the Planning Com-
mission, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to object to this
proposed change of street name. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted to make
the aforementioned street name change:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there have been requests to rename POSADA VISTA AVENUE, located
on the west side of the Metropolitan Addition to Burnham Avenue; and

WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the Regional Planning Commission of
Clark County, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the Regional Planning Commission of Clark County, Nevada, made
its recommendations to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
that the name of said street be changed after consideration thereof; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas set
a public hearing on the proposed change of street name and gave notice thereof
as required by law, which public hearing was duly held on the 1st day of July,

1953; and

WHEREAS, at said public hearing all persons were given an opportunity
to protest and be heard; and

WHEREAS, the following proposed name change met with the approval of all
persons in attendance at said public hearing and met with the approval of this
Commission and the Commission finds that said name change will facilitate mail
deliveries, aid in locating various properties, and will assist the Fire Depart-
ment and Police Department in carrying out their duties.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of July,
1953, that the name of the street herein described be and the same hereby changed
as follows:

That portion of Posada Vista Avenue which lies along the
west line of the SE¼ SE¼ of Section 2, T21S, R61E, M.D.B.

& M., as recorded in Book II, page 12, of Clark County
Records. This street is generally located on the west
side of the Metropolitan Addition between St. Louis
Street and San Francisco Avenue.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be signed by the
Mayor, attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark County Recorder as
required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Public Hearing on the application of Howard Burgess to construct and maintain
a dormitory for men at 213 North 2nd Street having been continued from the Board
of Commissioners meeting held June 17, 1953, the matter was presented for consi-
deration at this time.

An opinion from the City Attorney’s office on this matter was also presented as
requested.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be deferred until July 15, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mrs. Anna Barozzi, property owner in this vicinity appeared before the
Board and requested clarification from the Board on the proposed "Slum Clearance"
program and why the above variance had been granted. Mrs. Barozzi stated that the
property owners were willing to do what they could to bring their buildings up to
code, or remove if possible, but they did object to the approval of variances such
as the one Mr. Burgess had applied for when the other program was going on.

7-1-53