Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said
City on Wednesday, the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3.30 o’clock, P.M., to hear and con-
sider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improve-
ments, or any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements or any matters re-
lating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meet-
ing.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats,
diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or. work, of the
location of the improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet
and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed
improvements. Said notice shall be given by publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas every day each week except
Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, and at least fifteen days prior to said meeting by posting
said notices in at lease three public places in each ward and also by posting said notice in or near
said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of said
proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO INSTALL A SANITARY SEWER SYSTEM ALONG CERTAIN
STREETS, EASEMENTS, ALLEYS AND PORTIONS THEREOF; TO CREATE SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO.

200-1, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREFOR.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination
to make certain public improvements by installing a sewer system along certain streets, easements, alleys 
and portions thereof, composed of eight inch vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as
may be required, to create a special assessment district designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assess-
ment District No. 200-1 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assess-
ments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property
specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

The streets, easements, alleys and portions thereof along which an eight inch vitrified
clay pipe installation is so proposed are:

In alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue from a point 70 feet east of the
east property line of Bruce Avenue to 19th Street; in alley between Mesquite Avenue
and Cedar Avenue from a point 70 feet east of the east property line of Bruce Avenue
to 21st Street; in alley between Poplar Avenue and Elm Avenue from a point 70 feet
east of the east property line of Bruce Avenue to 21st Street; in alley between Elm
Avenue and Marlin Avenue from a point 70 feet east of the east property line of Bruce
Avenue to 21st Street; in alley between Stewart Avenue and Marlin Avenue from Bruce
Avenue to existing line 80.5 feet west of center line of 23rd Street; on Ash Avenue
from a point 87 feet east of the center line from 21st Street to 23rd Street; on
Marlin Avenue from Bruce Street 195 feet west; in alley between 14th Street and 15th
Street from Ogden Avenue 207 feet north; in easement between 14-th Street and 15th
Street from a point 125 feet south of the center line of Marlin Avenue to a point
125 feet north of the center line of Stewart Avenue, then easterly to 15th Street;
in alley between 12th Street and 13th Street from Stewart Street 145 feet north.

Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-1 shall include all the lots, premises and pro-
perty to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets, easements, alleys
and portions thereof.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the
work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for
public inspection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons
interested are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and Fifth
Streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November, 1950, at 3:30 o'clock, P.M.,
to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the
proposed improvements, of any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or
any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time
prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed shall
file written objections thereto, such improvement or work shall be ordered.

DATED this 25th day of October, 1950.

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

By; Betty Funston_____________

Chief Deputy City Clerk

Section 7. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 8. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or
invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance but shall be confined in its operation to the 
  specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any
one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this
ordinance in any other instance.

Section 9. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is in-
adequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary
immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emer-
gency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace,
health and safety.