(Form of Coupon)

Coupon No. 1	$70.00

The City of Las Vegas will pay to bearer at the office of the
City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 1st day of
January, 1938, Seventy and No/100 Dollars ($70.00), current legal
tender of the United States of America, interest due for one year
on "LAS VEGAS 1937 IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT NO. 3 BOND."

(Facsimile Signature)

L.L. ARNETT, Mayor

F.C. DE VINNEY, City Assessor

BOND NO. 1
and

Whereas, the coupons on each and all of said bonds are countersigned with the
facsimile signature of L. L. Arnett, Mayor	of the City of	Las Vegas, and the facsimile

signature of F.	C. DeVinney, City Assessor	of the City of	Las Vegas, and

Whereas, said bonds have been sold to Ure, Pett & Morris, Inc., of Salt Lake

City, Utah,

NOW,	THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED,	that the bonds	in the form aforesaid as present-
ed to the Board	of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas	at this meeting, be approved	as

to form and substance and that said bonds and each of them be signed by the Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas and countersigned by the City
Assessor and authenticated by the Seal of the City of Las Vegas and by the Clerk of this
Board delivered forthwith to the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas and by him Deliver-
ed to the purchaser upon the receipt of the purchase price as heretofore determined upon the
acceptance of the bid of the said Ure, Pett & Morris, Inc.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk certify to a copy of the minutes of
this meeting and furnish such certified copy, under the seal of the said City, to the pur-
chaser of the said bonds.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF HE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1937

Minutes of a regular meeting of the	Board of	Commissioners	of the	City of Las Vegas held

on the 4th day of June, 1937 at the	hour	of seven	o'clock P.M.	on said	day.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Perry
City Clerk and Harry Austin City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Krause.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the
City Clerk

At this time it appearing to the Board that it was necessary to appoint a Deputy City
Attorney and upon recommendation of	Harry Austin,	City Attorney	it was	on motion	of Commis-
sion Perry seconded by Commissioner	Down	moved and carried that	Ryland	Taylor be	appointed

to act as Deputy City Attorney, and to hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commis-
sions, and to hold such office without compensation from the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes,

none.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that it would be necessary to have plans,
estimates of cost and diagrams prepared for the supplemental street improvements in connection
with Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3, on motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by
Commissioner Down:

IT IS ORDERED That the City Engineer prepare plats and diagrams and estimates of the
expense of making oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curb and gutter, where such im-
provements are not already constructed, upon the following streets and portions of streets:

South First Street from Garces to Coolidge Streets;

South Second Street from Garces to Coolidge Streets;

South Third Street from Garces to Coolidge Streets;

South Fourth Street from Garces to Coolidge Streets;

South Fifth Street from Garces Street to Charleston Blvd.;

South Seventh Street from Garces to Charleston Blvd.;

South Eighth Street from Clark to Garces Street;

South Ninth Street from Fremont to a point 150 feet south of Garces Street;

Gass Street from Main to Seventh Streets;

Hoover Street from Main to Sixth Streets;

Coolidge Street from Main to Fifth Streets;

Charleston Boulevard from Seventh to Eighth Streets;