Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this seventh day of October,

1944:	Meeting called to order by His Honor,

 	Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 10.30 a.m.

 	with the following members present: Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, and Smith; City Attorney, Louis
I. Wiener, Jr.; Chief Deputy City Clerk, Mildred
Mastny. Absent:	Commissioner Clark; City Manager,

Charles C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the
meeting held September 29, 1944, be amended to
show approval of the action of the Recreation Board
in appointing Rev. Wessell as Chairman and James
Young as member of the Recreation Board. Minutes
otherwise approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 	Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos.

205 to 214, inclusive, and No. 218 in the sum of
$17,469.26 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

MATERIAL AND SERVICE  	Commissioner Smith moved that Material and Service

WARRANTS	Warrants No. 204, as an adjustment, and Nos. 215 to

217, inclusive, in the sum of $8,936.27 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none; absent - Commissioner Clark.

POLICE REPORT	 	The financial statement of the Municipal Judge for

July in the sum of $2,710.00, and for August in the
sum of $2,649.50 were read and ordered filed.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS  	The reports of the Electrical Department, Plumbing

Department, and of the Building Inspector for the
month of September, 1944, were read and ordered filed.

CITY MANAGER REPORT	 	The report of the City Manager for the month of

September was read and ordered filed.

CLARK COUNTY	Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the Clark

V-D WARD	     County Hospital upon the number of V-D cases treated

at Clark County Hospital, be accepted and ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

UNION PACIFIC - rental	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the bill in the sum of

for prison detention	 	$25.00 of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for rental

yard site.	of the premises at Las Vegas, Nevada, for prison detention

yard site be approved and paid.

Motion seconded by Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

CITY JAIL - Bill	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the bill of Robert

of Robert Stanton	 	Stanton, Architect, in the sum of $833.33 for services

rendered in connection with the Las Vegas City Jail
project, be approved and ordered paid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

CITY JAIL	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

authorized to negotiate with Robert Stanton to submit
a price for complete plans and specifications to be
processed at once for the proposed construction of
jail facilities in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.