Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	There was no action taken on the liquor applications on the

agenda for this meeting.

GARTSIDE SUIT -	Commissioner Moore moved that the City Attorney be instructed

Dismissed	to dismiss the suit of the City of Las Vegas against Mr. Gartside

	to take certain property on Fremont Street, upon receipt of a

deed for five feet of the property and upon ascertaining the City
will receive the necessary easement of the adjoining five feet
for necessary utility purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special
meeting, the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 22, 1950

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners scheduled to be
held this 22nd day of June, 1950 was called to order at the hour
of 3:00 P.M. by Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston,

No action was taken on any matters pending before the Board of
Commissioners due to the fact there was not a quorum present.

Members present:	Chief Deputy City Clerk Betty Funston

Members absent:	Mayor E. W. Cragin, Commissioners Bunker, Moore,

Peccole, and Whipple; City Manager C. W. Shelley,
City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and City Clerk
Shirley Ballinger.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 26, 1950

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:    SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, on the
26th day of June. 1950, at the hour of 3:30 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1.	Opening of bids on Las Vegas Meadows Addition Sewer Bonds

2.	Resubdivision of Wardie Addition - Maryland Tract #2

3.	Acceptance of Deeds from George Rudiak and Harve Perry for alley
between 13th & 14th Streets and Ogden and Stewart.

4. Service & Material Warrant No. 1966 in total amount of $20,000.00
 5.  Public Hearing - Amendment to Land Use Plan

6. Concession Agreement - Request to Transfer

s/ E. W. Cragin

E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor