of the North end line of Lot 7 in Block 1 of Boulder Addition; thence South
along the center line of said lot 7 to the center line of the east and west
alley in said Block 1 at the point where the center line of the north and
south alley in said block one intersects the same the said point being herein-
after called Station one (1); thence south along the center line of said
north and south alley in Block 1, continuing thence in a straight line along
the alleys in Blocks two (2), three (3), four (4) and five (5) and crossing
California, Colorado, Imperial, Utah and Wyoming Streets, to a point seventeen
feet north of the North side line of Block 6; thence east along and parallel
with the South side of Wyoming Street. Crossing its intersections with First,

Second and Fifth Streets to the center line of Third Street; thence South

along the center line of Third Street to a point three feet south of its

intersection with the easterly prolongation of the North side line of lot

5,	in Block Twenty (20) Boulder Addition; thence east at right angles through

lot Fourteen (14) Block Twenty-three (23) to the center of the alley running

along the East side of said Block Twenty-three (23); thence north straight

along said center line, and continuing along the center line of the alleys

running along the east side of Blocks 22 and 21, and across Fifth Street

(diagonally) and Fourth Place to the center line of the East and West Alley

in said Block Twenty-one (21); thence west along the center line of said

East-West Alley to a point twenty-three feet west of its intersection with

the center line of Third Street in Boulder Addition (hereinafter called

Station No. 2); thence continuing west along the center line of the East-

West Alley in Block 13 to its intersection with the North-South Alley Center

line, (hereinafter called Station No. 3); thence continuing west along the

center line of said East-West Alley in Block 13 to a point two feet west of the East

Curb Line of Second Street, Boulder Addition; thence across said Second Street

diagonally to a point in the center line produced of the East-West Alley in

Block Seven (7), two feet east of the West Curb Line of said Second Street;

thence West along the Center line of said East-West Alley in Block Seven (7) to

its intersection with the center line of the North-South Alley in said Block

Seven (hereinafter called Station No. 4); thence in a straight line West

through Station No. 1 to the West end of the East-West Alley in said Block 1;

also,

Beginning at Station No. 4, thence south along the Center line of the
alleys in Blocks 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 to the South End of the alley in
said Block 12 and crossing all of the East-West Streets in Boulder Addition;
also,

Beginning at Station No. 3, thence South along the Center line of the
alleys in Blocks 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17, and crossing the East-West Streets
in Boulder Addition; Also,

Beginning at the connection located at the South End of the Alley in
Block Fourteen, South Addition; thence across Charleston Boulevard to Station
No. 2.

The Permittee to lay a four inch water mains throughout its whole
system.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to make the
necessary excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys; provided, said
Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, avenues or
alleys, promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its former condition.

(b) Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now
in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the making of
excavations in such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all
liability for damages to persons or property caused by such excavations made
in the streets, avenues or alleys within the territory to which this permit
extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted it is provided:

1.	That the Municipal authorities shall further have the power to make
all necessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining of all
water pipe and apparatuses, and shall have the power to change the rules and
regulations from tie to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the
change in location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals
and appliances, and to establish and change the grades of said streets,
avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains, laterals
and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall not
damage or obstruct the use of said streets, avenues or alleys for travel

or for public uses by reason of leakages or otherwise.

4.	Said Permittee will install and maintain a reasonable number of
fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from time
to tine designate.

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground for
and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or said City
may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby
reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a permit.

This Permit shall not be construed to authorize the Permittee to use, or to
acquire any rights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys of said Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite or said South Addition inconsistent with the future legitimate
uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said city of Las Vegas, nor shall
the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the ex-