The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Miller, Elwell, Ullom and Mayor
W. E. Hawking, voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom, seconded by Commissioner Miller, the following "Resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed to notify in writing
the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada of the tax rate established and levied by
this Board for the year 1919, and direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy, and cause the
same to be collected and paid.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Miller, Elwell, Ullom and the Mayor
W. E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom, seconded by Commissioner Miller, the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Resolved that for the year 1919 and for the year 1920, and until the further order of this
Board all moneys received from licenses and fines be apportion as follows: all of said licenses and
fines shall be placed in the Five and Police funds of said City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows; Comms. Miller, Elwell, Ullom and the Mayor,
W. E. Hawkins voting aye, Noes, none.

At this time the question of filing the vacancy in the office of the municipal judge com-
ing before the Board, it was, upon motion duly made and carried, ordered that Henry M. Lillis of
the city of Las Vegas be and is hereby appointed to the office of the municipal judge in and for
said city at a salary not to exceed the sum of Twenty-five Dollars per month and further that the
said Henry M. Lillis file his official bond in the sum of One Thousnnd Dollars and take the
necessary oath of office as by law provided.

There being no further business before the Board it was ordered that this Board stand ad-
journed.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, March 5, 1919

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, in and for the city of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 5th day of March, A. D. 1919. Present Hon. W. E. Hawkins, Mayor, with commiss-
ioners Miller and Elwell and the City Attorney and Clerk being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting read and approved as read.

At this time Commissioner Miller informed the Board that he had made a change in the night

watchman and that instead of Gill Helm acting as watchman that one Wm. S. Ball had been appointed Chief of Police and

watchman at a salary of One Hundred and Fifty ($150.00) Dollars per month. Thereupon motion being



duly made and carried, ordered that said appointment be approved and further that said Wm. S. Ball furnish a
bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars and take the oath of office, the same to be approved by the
mayor of said city.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition of residents on Third Street re-
questing a side walk be laid between Stewart street and Clark street on Third street on the north
side of the street. After due consideration it was order that this matter be referred back to
the petitioners requesting that they procure on said petition a majority of the property owners
on said street and that the same will be considered by the Board at their next regular meeting if
properly presented.

At this time Henry M. Lillis, the duly appointed municipal judge, in and for said city
filed his official bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars with I. C. Johnson and W. E. Arnold as
securities, thereupon motion being duly made and carried ordered that said bond of the said Henry
M. Lillis as municipal judge of said city be and the same is hereby approved.

The Board having heretofore considered an ordinance covering the collecting of a license
and levying of a license tax in said city, and the said ordinance coming on for second reading and
the same having been read to the Board in full and approved, it was then upon motion of Comm-
issioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Miller, ordered that said ordinance be adopted and passed
as read to be in full force and effect upon and after its publication of one week in the Clark