No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 24th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 24th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 24th day of June 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell, and Thomas,
Deputy City Attorney Henderson, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner German, and City Attorney Stevens.

Minutes of meeting of June 18th read and approved as read.

No reports from Commissioners.

Communications read and disposed of.

Several citizens appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the condition of
the City Dump ground, and reported that persons were dumping dry garbage just off the street
and not taking same into the place provided for same.

The Clerk was directed to notify Commissioner German, and have him direct a police officer
to patrol said section and take action if necessary.



At this time the matter of using streets and alleys in Meadows and Boulder Additions to
the City of Las Vegas for installing water mains was brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
permission be granted to use the streets and alleys of Boulder and Meadows Additions of the
City of Las Vegas for installing water mains.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 29th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 29th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 29th day of June 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, German
and Mundy, City Attorney Stevens and Deputy City Clerk Mary Taylor.

Absent City Clerk Viola Burns.

Commissioner Mundy reported on information received from Austin-Western Road Machinery
Co. and The Elgin Motor Sweeper Company regarding the purchase of a street sweeper for the City
of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German the Clerk was
instructed to write for bids from the Austin-Western Road Machinery Comapany and the Elgin
Motor Sweeper Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell, Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.



The petition of S. Abrahm to remove Lots 31 and 32, Block 1, South Addition to Las Vegas
from the residential zone and place same in the Commercial zone was read and referred to the City
Building Inspector and the City Attorney.