A number of persons interested in forming an association to promote horse racing in the City
were present and ask the co-operation of the City in the building of a race track at what is known
as the City Park Grounds. The name of the said association being the Clark County Horse Breeders
Association. No definite action was taken tut the Board assured the representation that they
would assist them in every way possible.

It was brought to the attention of the members of the Board that the Six Companies in Boulder
City, Nevada were disposing of used building materials at a very reasonable price. Upon motion
of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried that J.P. King
Supt. of streets negotiate with the Six Companies for the purchase of LOOO railroad ties @ 15¢
each.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following beverage and liquor licenses be granted.

Lorenzi Beverage license $10.00 per quarter year

D.G. Lorenzi Retail liquor license, sealed packages only, $50.00 per quarter year.

Jack Irish	Beverage license $10.00 per quarter year.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

The selection of special officers to serve at the several election voting precincts in the
City at the coming General City election was next brought before the Board, and upon motion of
Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried W.C. German, Police and
Fire Commissioner appoint the Special officer and that the same be sworn in under the official
oath of the City of Las Vegas, by the City Clerk. Compensation for same being $6.00 per day.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 10th day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.



OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
MAY 10th, 1935.

	Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas held on the 10th day of May 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time an amendment to the ordinance creating a Park Commission was taken under con-
sideration, and the various lengths of terms for the commission discussed. The amendment was not
given a first reading at this time.

A number of persons interested in the Clark County Horse Breeders Association appeared before
the Board and stated that the organization had changed the name of the same to the Las Vegas Horse
Breeders Association and that the body was still interested in the installation of a race course
in the said City.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
three slot machine licenses be granted to Dave Stearns.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 16th day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 16th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Arnett,

Marble and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.