Mr. Dickerson presented, the aforementioned, affidavits and. Commissioner Whipple
asked, that they be shown to the Police Department. Chief of Police; Ray Sheffer;
stated, that they had those affidavits.

SALVAGE YARD	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Irving Friedman for a Salvage Yard

LICENSE	License at the Silver Dollar Salvage & Appliance; 701 S. Main; be approved on the

basis of favorable police report and the Supervisor of License and Revenue 
Silver Dollar	authorized to issue the license.

Salvage & Appliance

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

FIREARMS PERMIT	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Frank Kozal for a Firearms Permit

Kozal's Sporting	at Kozal's Sporting Goods; 1440 Las Vegas Boulevard North; be approved on the basis

Goods	of favorable police report and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized

to issue the permit.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

PAWNSHOP LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Isadore & Ida Star for a Pawnshop

& FIREARMS PERMIT	License and Firearms Permit at the Ace Loan Company; 128 S. 1st; presently owned

by Robert Powell; be approved on the basis of favorable police report and the
Change of Owner	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license and the permit.

Ace Loan Company	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
Approved	noeS; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

REZONING (Z-21-59)	The Commission considered the application of Wilbur Clark for the reclassification

Wilbur Clark	of all of Lot 1 and Portions of Lots 19 and 20; Block 21; Twin Lakes Village Unit

#5; from R-1 to C-1. Approval was recommended by the Planning Commission on the
Approved	basis that due to existing development and the characteristics of this particular

parcel; it did not appear that it would be suitable for residential uses.

Planning Director Bills stated two public hearings were held by the Planning
Commission and there were a number of protests; three of them written. Mr. Bills
stated further there was mention of the fact that the applicant intended to construct
a filling station at this location; however; this would require approval  of a use
permit by the Board of Zoning Adjustment as well as the City Commission.

Herbert Jones, Attorney representing the applicant; stated it was intended to make
application for a use permit to allow a filling station. Commissioner Whipple was
of the opinion there would be a terrific amount of opposition to this and that he
would be opposed also to such a development. Mr. Jones added that before anything
could be developed on this property it would have to be rezoned to commercial.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Wilbur Clark for the reclassification
of all of Lot 1 and portions of Lots 19 and 20; Block 21; Twin Lakes Village Unit
#5; from R-1 to C-1 be approved with the understanding that before a filling station
could be put on this property a Use Permit application would have to come before
the Board of Zoning Adjustment and the City Commission; and further that the City
Attorney be instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noeS; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

REZONING (Z-25-59)	The Commission considered the application of Commissioner E. W. Fountain for the

E. W. Fountain	reclassification of Lot 1; Block 1-A; Twin Lakes Village Unit 1 Addition; from

R-1 to R-4. Denial was recommended by the Planning Commission.

Denied

Commissioner Fountain read the following letter which he had written to the Mayor
and Commissioners in regard to this application:

October 7, 1959

Honorable Mayor Oran K. Gragson
Commissioner Reed Whipple
Commissioner Harris P. Sharp
Commissioner Wm. H. Elwell

Honorable Sirs:

On September 22, 1959, by a 5 to 3 vote; the Planning Commission
decided to disapprove this application.

While I do not agree with the action taken by the Planning 
Commission on denying this application; I am declaring my interest
in this matter for the purpose of the record and I; of course;
will withhold my vote.

Secondly; I request that the Planning Commission's recommendation
of disapproval be followed by the Board of Commissioners at this
time; with the understanding that such action will not prejudice
my right to resubmit this matter for consideration at a later
date.

Respectfully submitted;

EWF/c	E. W. Fountain

cc - George M. Dickerson; Esq.

cc - Franklin J. Bills; Director of Planning

cc - Al Cahlan; Chairman; Planning Commission

10-7-59