Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the publishing of the list of voters at the
coming City Election. As this is not required by law at a City election it was on motion of
Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble moved and carried that the list of voters
in the City of Las Vegas be published owing to the large number of new registrations which
would aid in the placing of voters election day.

The vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board was presented with a petition signed by a number of tavern owners
asking that gaming be allowed in places where liquors were sold and served. Attorney Louis
Cohen appeared in behalf of the tavern owners. No action was taken on the matter at this time.
at the request of Attorney Cohen.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting then recessed until Friday the
19th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 19th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down, Deputy City Attorney Marshall, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time the Board entered into the discussion of the prepared amendment to the City
Zoning Ordinance and the districts involved with the City Engineer A.R. Thompson, and after
reaching a decision as to the zoning of the City the following ordinance was introduced and
passed as an emergency ordinance:

"An Ordinance to amend Section II, and Section III, as amended, and section V, as amended,

Of ordinance No. 168, entitled, "An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, estab-
lishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the said City of Las
Vegas; defining such districts: declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate
certain factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial
districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of
certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said
ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith."

Vote on the passage and adoption of said ordinance was as follows: Commissioners Arnett,
Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

The City Clerk was then directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age,

a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of two consecutive weeks.

hat is to say once each week for two weeks, namely April 19th and 26th, 1935 and said ordinance
to be known as Ordinance No. 214, and to be in full force and effect from and after May 4th, 1935.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Friday the 3rd day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 19th, 1935.

Minutes of a	recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the	City	of Las

Vegas held on the	19th day of April at the hour of	three o'clock P.M.

Present to answer roll call were Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down,
Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time	the Clerk presented to the Board	for consideration a number of	slot	machine

applications, and	upon motion of Commissioner Down	seconded by Commissioner Marble it	was moved

that said applications for slot machine licenses be granted as the applications were in proper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.