street south to center line of Carson street, and west from the center line of
fifth street to the City west limits.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 2, shall extend south from the center line of
Carson street to the center line of Clark street, and west from the center line
of fifth street to the City west limits.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 3, shall extend south from the center line of
Clark street to the south City limits, and west from the center line of fifth
street to the west city limits.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 4, shall extend east from the center line of
fifth street to the East City limits.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 5, shall extend north from the center line of
Ogden street to the north City limits, and west from the center line of fifth
street to the west City limits.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to have the official ballots prepared and to do
and perform all such acts and give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in
order that the said election may be called and held and the qualified voters may have due
notice thereof as required by the laws of the State of Nevada governing and as required by
the provisions of the city charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and this Resolution.
Voting on said Resolution: Commissioners, Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and Mayor Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.

This being the time set by law for the preparation and adoption of a Budget for the
year 1927, the Board thereupon proceeded to take up the budget and tax levy for the year
1927, in accordance with the provisions of the State of Nevada, and the matter being discus-
sed at length it was ordered, upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Elwell, that the following Budget be adopted. Voting on said motion Commission-
ers Mundy, Elwell and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1927

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year
Ending December 31, 1927, as provided by Section 8, Chapter

42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.