On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the fire insurance polices presented to the Board by O.A. Kimball covering fire insurance
on all city owned buildings be accepted. That in the acceptance of this company's policies it
was agreed that all fire insurance agents in the city would share and share a like in the prem-
iums paid.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. Blackman and Mr. Madsen appeared before the Board in regard to the securing of help
in the promotion of a programme securing supervised recreation for the children of Las Vegas.

On act was taken upon this matter, but the following Ordinance was introduced and passed
that would allow for the creating of a Recreation Board to handle such matters.

At this time an Ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE CREATING A RECREATION BOARD FOR THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS 

RELATING THERETO," was introduced as an emergency ordinance, and upon its second and final
reading this date was adopted as an emergency Ordinance to be in full force and effect from and
afters its final publication for two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote upon the adoption of the ordinance was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board for its consideration the written resignation
of Ryland Taylor as City Attorney and A.W. Ham as deputy City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the resignations of Ryland Taylor and A.W. Ham be accepted and that the Clerk be directed
to write and thank them for the services they had rendered the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time Mayor Arnett recommended that Mr. Harry Austin be appointed as City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and seconded
that Mr. Austin be appointed City Attorney, and to qualify for such office by taking the offic-
ial oath of office, and filing in the office of the City Clerk a bond in the sum of One Thousand
 dollars. That compensation for such office be the sum of $2400.00 per year. Payable in twelve
equal monthly installments.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Harry Belmain be granted permission and license to operate a taxi at 101 South 1st Street.
Said license was granted on the grounds that the City ordinance had been complied with in re-
gard to taxi operator carring public liability and personally property damage insurance on
cars for public hire.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the sum of $15.00 per month be allowed the Nevada State Employment office until the fur-
ther Board of the Board. Said sum to match a like sum to be supplied by the County of Clark,
and said sums to be used in the maintaining of the employment office in the City of Las Vegas.
That local taxpayers be given preference as to qualifications.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Wednesday the 2nd day of June, 1937 at the hour of four o'clock P.M.

__CALLED SPECIAL MEETING

TO— VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to
be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las Vegas
Thursday the 3rd day of June, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider
the following business:

1.	To act on business pertaining to amendatory application for street work in Las Vegas 1937
Improvement District No. 3.

2.	To act upon the signing and disposal of Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3 Bonds.

Dated this 3rd day of June, 1937

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

H.L. Perry, H.P. Marble and H. Krause Commissioners.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE; that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office on Thursday the 3rd day
of June, 1937 at the hour of three thirty o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act upon the
following business: