ABANDONMENT - TONOPAH	City Attorney Calvin Cory advised the Board that notice for public hearing with

DRIVE BETWEEN WASHING-	regard to the vacation or abandonment of a street must be given not less than 30

TON & FAIR AVENUES	days or	more	than 40	days before	such Public Hearing is held.

(Cont'd	from earlier in	Commissioner Whipple moved that public hearing in regard to the abandonment of

the	minutes)	Tonopah	Drive between Washington and Fair Avenues be held on March 18, 1959  at the

hour of	8:00	P.M. at	the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in the

Public Hearing set	Council Chamber of the City Hall.

March 18, 1959

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

A Mr. Staples spoke to the Commission stating that he would not want his children
to have to go on half day sessions due to the inability of the Bonanza School to
go ahead with their expansion program. He was in favor of the closing of Tonopah
Drive and suggested the of this street during school hours and having

it open at other times.

Gary Kissel, another property owner in favor of the closing of Tonopah Drive, spoke
with regard to the delay which would be caused in the expansion of the building at
the Bonanza School and His Honor Mayor Baker explained to him that it is a matter
of law that this notice of not less than 30 days or more than 40 days	be given.

Mr. William Brown, an objector to the closing of Tonopah, stated that he was not

against the enlargement of the school and asked why argue about building when
ground in question is for playground area. Mr. Harris of the School District 
explained that they expect to be building additional class rooms on the east side of
Tonopah Drive. He mentioned the experience they have had in the past in acquiring
property and the time element involved; however, he stated that the possibilities
of purchasing the property to the north would be investigated.

Mrs. William Brown spoke stating that they do own the property on the corner and

on the schools original map it showed no home but a power transformer and a part

of their property belonging to the Power Company and they are protesting the
abandonment of Tonopah Drive as it will block them off from ingress and egress to
their property in the manner in which it has always been and in the way the 
buildings on their property are facing.

URBAN RENEWAL	The application fdr Survey and Planning for Project Madison School was approved

Offer to Advance Funds	by the Housing and Home Finance Agency and this is the official United States 

contract for accepting the planning funds in the amount of $58,610.00 for the 
Resolution of Acceptance                  completion of the planning for Project Madison School. City Attorney Calvin Cory read
Adopted	the resolution of acceptance to the board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the following resolution be adopted and order made:

"RESOLUTION ACCEPTING AN OFFER OF THE UNITED STATES TO MAKE AN ADVANCE OF FEDERAL
FUNDS TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO AID IN FINANCING THE COST OF CERTAIN SURVEYS AND
PLANS FOR URBAN RENEWAL PROJECT NO. NEV. R-6"

WHEREAS, under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended and
supplemented, the United States of America (herein called the "Government") has
tendered to the City of Las Vegas (herein called the "Local Public Agency") an
offer, hereinafter mentioned, to make an Advance of Federal funds to the Local
Public Agency to aid in financing certain surveys and plans for an urban renewal
project, designated Project No. Nev. R-6, in the urban renewal area described
therein; and

WHEREAS, the Local Public Agency has given due consideration to said offer.

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The offer of the Government to the Local Public Agency, dated
January 26, 1959; designated "Contract for Planning Advance," Contract No. Nev. R-6(A),
consisting of Parts I and II, under and subject to the provisions terms, and conditions
of which the Government would make an Advance of Federal funds to the Local Public
Agency to aid in financing the cost of certain surveys and plans for an urban renewal
project, designated Project No. Nev. R-6, situated in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
is hereby in all respects accepted.

Section 2. The Mayor and the City Clerk are hereby authorized and directed
to sign and countersign, respectively, the duplicate originals of the Government's
offer.

Section 3. The Local Public Agency agrees to abide by all of the provisions,
terms, and conditions of said offer.

Section 4. The City Clerk of the Local Public Agency is hereby authorized
and directed forthwith to send to the Housing and Home Finance Agency two certified
copies of the proceedings of the Local Public Agency in connection with the adoption
of this Resolution, together with two certified copies of this Resolution and such
further documents or proofs in connection with the acceptance of said offer as may be
requested by the Gove moment.

Section 5. The Coordinator of Urban Renewal is hereby authorized to file
requisitions, together with necessary supporting documents, with the Government,
from time to time as Advance funds are required, requesting payments to be made to
the Local Public Agency an account of the Advance provided for in said offer, and
to do and perform all other things and acts required to be done or performed in order
to obtain such payments.

Section 6. This Resolution shall take effect immediately.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Acting City Clerk	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

2-4-59