RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, "FRIENDS OF YOUTH" is an organization interested in the wholesome
development of the young people of the City of Las Vegas and particularly in
assisting in athletic programs; and

WHEREAS, "FRIENDS OP YOUTH" has been very active in such programs and has demon-
strated its interest and activity along this line by contributing the sum of $2,000 for
the purchase of football uniforms to be used in the City Athletic Program; and

WHEREAS, this contribution is worthy of public recognition and recognition and
recognition by this Board,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of August, 1957, that "FRIENDS
OF YOUTH" is hereby publicly thanked for its interest and participation in the Recre-
ation Program of the City of Las Vegas, and its contribution to the City for the pur-
chase of football uniforms for the youth of the City is deeply appreciated by this
Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minutes
of the City of Las Vegas, and a copy forwarded to "FRIENDS OF YOUTH" Organization.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Attorney Cannon arrived at the meeting.

The Commission considered a resolution of commendation to the Planning Commission,
Commissioner Bunker and City Employees for the work performed on the freeway routing.

The resolution as prepared was read to the Board.

Commissioner advised that Commissioner Fountain had attended the meetings and hearings,
and suggested that his name be included in this resolution.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution, as amended be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the proposed freeway through the City of Las Vegas poses numerous problems
of vital concern to the general public; and

WHEREAS, many of the City Employees, and particularly the members of the Planning
Commission and Commissioners Wendell Bunker and E. W. Fountain have worked long and
diligently in attempting to work out the best possible freeway routing, keeping in mind
the benefits and detriments to the general public of the City; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners desires to recognize the services of such persons^

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of August, 1957, by this Reso-
lution do hereby publicly thank and commend the members of the Planning Commission,

City Employees, and Commissioners Wendell Bunker and E. W. Fountain for the time and
effort expended in working on the proposed freeway routing through the City of Las
Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minute
book of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a letter of resignation from the
Golf Board has been received from Herb McDonald. Action on this resignation was
temporarily deferred by the Board.

The Commission considered the letter of resignation of Angelo Manzi from the Board
of Zoning Adjustment.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Manzi's resignation from the Board of Zoning
Adjustment be accepted and a letter of appreciation of his services be sent to Mr.

Manzi.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Vincent Garth be appointed as a member of the Board
of Zoning Adjustment to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Angelo Manzi,
said term to expire in September of 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that proposals received for the furnishing of one
Sedan or station wagon, called for under Bid No. 57.25, be rejected since the City does
not need these vehicles at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved that all proposals received on Bid No. 57.25 be rejected,
as recommended by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented the request of Herb McDonald of the Hotel Sahara that Fire
Chief Gates be granted permission to attend the International Fire Chief Convention
in New Orleans in early September to assist in putting in a bid for the 1960 or 1961
convention for Las Vegas. Mr. Kennedy explained that Chief Gates had assisted in se-
curing the 1959 or 1960 Pacific Inter-Mountain Fire Chiefs Convention at the July

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION

Freeway Hearings



GOLF BOARD

Resignation



BOARD OF ZONING
ADJUSTMENT

Resignation

BOARD OF ZONING
ADJUSTMENT
Appointment

BID NO. 57.25 -
Sedan or Station
Wagon

Bids Rejected

CONVENTION
ATTENDANCE
Fire Chief