542

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Robert & Mary Snowden
Approved
V-86-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Edgar L. Compton
Held in Abeyance

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Veldon E. Yancey
Approved

V-85-53

VACATION OF SOUTH
3RD STREET

Public Hearing Set

MARYCREST SUBDIVISION

Tentative Map

Referred to Planning

The application of Mary and Robert Snowden for variance to construct a triplex in
addition to a residence within 10 feet of the rear property line at 8l0 North F
Street, as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and the following resolution adopted:		

WHEREAS, on the 9th day of November, 1953, Robert and Mary Snowden filed an
application with the Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain
a triplex in addition to a single family residence which exists, and to within
10 feet of the rear property line on the property situated at 8l0 North F Street
in an R-2 (Two Family Residence) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on November 24, 1953, the Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no
communications protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 2k, 1953? the Planning Commission voted to approve the
application inasmuch as it was felt that this use would not prove detrimental to
surrounding properties and inasmuch as it conforms to the proposed Master Plan of
Land Use 1953 Revision; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November
25? 1953? recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that Robert and Mary Snowden be granted a variance to construct and maintain a
triplex in addition to a single family residence which exists, and to within 10
feet of the rear property line on the property situated at 810 North F Street
in an R-2 (Two Family Residence) Use District be, and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

	

The application of Edgar L. Compton for variance to construct a motel on the
east 200 feet of Lot "M", Park Place Addition, was considered. This property
is generally located between 5th Place and 5th Street, south of Park Paseo.



Commissioner Bunker moved this application be held in abeyance until a decision
has been made on the proposed revision of the Master Plan of Zoning.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

for

Consideration was given to the application of Veldon E. Yancey/variance to permit
the construction of a four-plex in addition to a residence, within 5 feet of the
alley property line at 319 North 8th Street, being Lot 13? Block 10, Bucks Sub-
division, as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and the following resolution be adopted:	

WHEREAS, on the 5th day of November, 1953, Veldon. E. Yancey filed an application
with the Planning Commission for variance to construct a four-plex apartment building
in addition to a single family residence which exists and to locate the building
to within 5 feet of the alley property line, which is located at 319 North 8th
Street on Lot 13, Block 10, Bucks Subdivision in an R-2 (Two-family Residence) Use
District; and

WHEREAS, on November 24, 1953, the Planning Commission held a public hearing
on this application for variance, at which time mo objections were raised and no
communications protesting the granting of this variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on November 2k, 1953? the Planning Commission voted to approve
the application inasmuch as it was felt that the planning of this lot was in
conformance with good planning principles; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on November
25, 1953, recommending that such variance be granted.



NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that Veldon E. Yancey be granted a variance to construct a four-plex apartment
building in addition to a single family residence which exists and to locate this
building to within5 feet of the alley property line, which is located at 319 North
8th Street on Lot 13, Block 10, Bucks Subdivision in an R-2 (Two Family Residence)

Use District, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the petition for the vacation of
that portion of South 3rd Street lying between 5th Street and Oakey Boulevard be
held January 6, 1954 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the tentative map of Marycrest Subdivision was presented for consideration.
Considerable discussion was held on this proposed subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this tentative map of Marycrest Subdivision
be referred back to the Planning Commission for further study and concerning the
street plan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay; noes, none.