Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PARKING REGULATIONS	Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking 

West Bonanza Road	Commission that one-hour parallel parking regulations be established on West Bonanza

	Road from the under pass to 0.26 miles west of "H" Street be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NO PARKING REGULATIONS 	Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking 
Utah Avenue

Commission that the south side of Utah Avenue from "A" Street to Industrial Road be
potted for no parking be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. $8.02 - Award City 	Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 58.02 for the installation of a
Trickling Filter Addn. 		Trickling Filter Addition to the Sewage Treatment Plant be awarded to the low
Sewage Treatment Plant 	bidder, Lembke Construction Company. He stated that a letter has been received

	from the Federal authorities authorizing the award of the contract to this bidder.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 58.02 for the installation of the Trickling
Filter Addition to the Sewage Treatment Plant be awarded to Lembke Construction
Company in the total amount of $135,428.95, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 58.O1 - Award 	Director of Public Works Sauer recommended that Bid No. 58.01 for the installation 
Golf Course Sprinkling	of a sprinkling system at the Golf Course be awarded to Longley Construction

System	Co., the low bidder. Mr. Sauer further recommended that the second alternate of

the bidder in the amount of $47,729.10 be accepted. He stated that the bids had
been checked by the Golf Board and it was their recommendation that this award
be made. Mr. Sauer advised the Commission that Longley Construction Co. has
submitted a signed agreement that this installation will furnish 55 pounds of 
pressure at the head.

The Commission was further advised that this contract will overlap the two budgets; 
$36,000 is provided for in the 1957.58 Budget and the balance will come out
of the 1958-59 Budget.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and that Bid No. 58.01
be awarded to Longley Construction Company in the total amount of $47,729.10,
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CRESTVIEW ESTATES	The	Director of Public Works recommended that Crestview Estates be accepted and

Acceptance and	the performance bond released. He advised the Commission that all improvements

Release of Bond	are in with the exception of the seal and chips, and that a bond in the amount

of $1100.00 has been posted for this improvement which will be completed by June

1, 1958.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Crestview Estates Subdivision be accepted and the
bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from William M. and Anna L. Clark

DEED	for that portion of the "Reserved for Parking" area along East Charleston Boulevard, 

Parkway - E. Charleston 	situated in the Mayfair Tracts. Director of Public Works Recommended that
	if this deed is accepted that authorization be given for payment of the recording 

fee to record the deed for this property from Adeline Clark to William and
Anna Clark.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and 
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by 
Commissioner Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16 day of April, 1958, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 11 day of March, 1958, executed by William M. Clark and Anna Luella Clark,
husband and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for tie purposes 
of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that authorization be given for payment of the fee to
record the deed for this property from Adeline Clark to William and Anna Clark.

4-16-58