REZONING (Z-13-59)                  The Commission considered the application of Richard Tam for reclassification
Richard Tam	of property generally located on the north side of San Francisco Avenue and east

of Industrial Road, legally described as a portion of the S½, SE¼, Section 4,

Approved	T 21 S, R 61 E, M.D.B. & M. from R-4 to C-1. Approval recommended by the Planning

Commission. There was one approval and one protest.

Director of Planning Bills explained that a C-1 zoning does not permit a filling
station except by use permit; however, it is his understanding that if this 
application is approved the owner of this property intends to immediately make application
for a permit to allow a filling station. He further explained that is the reason for
the written protest from W. S. Robinson of the Robinson Hotel Apartments, 200-A West
San Francisco Avenue, which he had just presented to the Commission.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if Mr. Tam would still want the C-1 zoning even though
the use permit for the filling station was denied, and a gentleman representing Mr.
Tam stated that he would.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Richard Tam for reclassification of
property generally located on the north side of San Francisco Avenue and east of
Industrial Road, legally described as a portion of the S½, SE¼, Section T 21 S,

R 61 E, M.D.B. & M., from R-4 to C-1 be approved as recommended by the Planning
Commission and the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance
amendment. Also included in this motion was that the letter received from W. S.
Robinson be filed with the City Clerk and Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID OPENING NO. 59.20	This being the time heretofore set for the Bid Opening No. 59.20 for the paving of

Paving Highland Drive,	Highland Drive, Charleston Boulevard to Washington Avenue, bids were received as

Charleston to Washington	follows:

Referred to Public Works	Wells Cargo, Inc.	$ 15,081.80

H. W. Polk	18,324.00

(Awarded to Wells Cargo	Ideal Asphalt Paving Co., Inc.	17,598.90

later in these minutes)

Commissioner Sharp moved that the above bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID OPENING NO. 59.21	This being the time heretofore set for the Bid Opening No. 59.21 for blowsand

Blowsand; Hyde Park	(3000 cu. yds.), Hyde Park Recreation Area and Swimming Pool Area, bids were

Recreation Area and	received as follows:

Swimming Pool Area

H. W. Polk	$ 3,420.00

Referred to Public Works	Gornowich Sand & Gravel, Inc.	5,700.00

Brinton Equipment Rental	3,735.00

(Awarded to H. W. Polk	Bill L. Gamel	4,050.00

later in these minutes)

Commissioner Fountain moved that the above bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

BID OPENING NO. 59.22	This being the time heretofore set for the Bid Opening No. 59.22 for electrical

Electrical Wiring to	wiring to golf course reservoir pumps, bid was received as follows:

Golf Course Reservoir

Primps	Acme Electric, L. L. Ousley	$ 5,150.00

Referred to Public Works	Commissioner Sharp moved that the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and

Director of Public Works for recommendation.

(Awarded to Acme Electric

later in these minutes)	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

USE FERMIT (U-1-59)	The Commission again considered the application of the Homesite Baptist Church for

Homesite Baptist Church	use permit to construct an off-street parking lot facility adjacent to an existing

church at property located on the southwest comer of Mesquite and 25th Streets,
Approved and Resolution	legally described as Lots 21, 22, 23, and 24, Block 2, Boulder Dam Homesite #4, in

of Acceptance of Quitclaim	an R-1 zone. This application was recommended for approval by the Board of Zoning

Deed Adopted	Adjustment on February 26, 1959, subject to certain conditions.

At the regular meeting of the City Commission held March 4, 1959, this application
was held in abeyance and Reverend Joseph Melnikoff, Pastor, was requested to bring
some of the church trustees to meet with the Board in the Mayor's office at 7:00 p.m.
on March 11, 1959. Director of Planning Bills stated that it was the understanding
of the Planning Commission that during this meeting on March 11, 1959, the Board of
City Commissioners agreed to waive the other conditions, provided the 20' 
dedication of right-of-way for street purposes was consummated. Mr. Bills advised that
the City now has received a Quitclaim Deed executed by the officers of the Nevada-
Sierra Baptist Convention dedicating this right-of-way.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Homesite Baptist Church for Use
Permit (U-1-59) be approved and the following Resolution of Acceptance of Quitclaim
Deed for the easterly 20' of Lots 24 and 25, Block 2, Boulder Dam House site for
street purposes on 25th Street be adopted:

5-20-59