BONANZA AIR SERVICE—

Landing Privileges

VETERANS OF FOREIGN
WARS—Carnival

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by said Board of Commissioners, that the City
do borrow the sum of One Hundred Six Thousand Dollars ($106,000), said sum to procured by
a transfer of funds from surplus moneys In the General Fund and/or other funds of the City
of Las Vegas where such transfer will not impair the fiscal affairs of the funds involved,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the to Mayor and City Clerk be, and they are
hereby authorized and empowered, to make, execute, and deliver the promissory note or notes
and other evidence of indebtedness as may be necessary to carry into effect this resolution,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Comptroller be, and is hereby
authorized and empowered to effect the transfer of surplus funds, as hereinabove mentioned
to carry into effect this resolution, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas be authorized to execute this resolution and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
execute and deliver a certified copy of this resolution to the State Board of Finance of
the State of Nevada.

The foregoing resolution was read aloud and adopted at the
recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas on the 9th day of September, 1946,

Voting aye; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting no:	None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)



At this time June Simon appeared before the Board relative to
landing privileges for Bonanza Air Service, when, and, if they
receive approval from the Civil Aeronautics Board and the U. S.
Army. Further, that the City Manager be instructed to notify
Western Air express and TWA of the City's intention to enter
into an agreement with the Bonanza Air Line. While negotiations
are under way, if necessary authority has been granted by the Army
and the Civil Air Board; the Bonanza Air Lines may use the field,
and the City will enter into a lease agreement with them at an
early date. Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Veterans of
Foreign Wars for permission to sponsor the Siebrand Carnival
from September 18 to 27 inclusive at the Helldorado Grounds be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until September 21, at the hour or 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye;: noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.