Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids on Assessment District No. 100-4 be referred
to the City Manager and Comptroller for compilation and to check for State license, and
recommendation at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation of improve-

NO, 200-1	ments in Assessment District No. 200-1, bids were received from the following concerns:

Opening of Bids

Installation of	Longley Construction Co. Inc.	$45,164.67

Improvements	N. P. Van Valkenberg Co.	32,035.00

W. M. Shives	42,731.40

 	John B. Powers	33,400.00

Wells Cargo Inc.	33,003.71

Commissioner Moore moved the foregoing bids on Assessment District No. 200-1 be referred
to the City Manager and Comptroller for compilation and to check for State license, and
recommendation at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation of improve-

NO. 200-3	ments in Assessment District No. 200-3, bids were received from the following concerns:

Opening of Bids

Installation of	Longley Construction Co. Inc.	$50,532.97

Improvements	N. P. Van Valkenberg Co.	54,905.25

W. M. Shives	79,122.80

Ventura Pipeline Construction Co.                           59,981.85



Mr. Tom Hargrove protested the bid of Ventura Pipeline because they do not have a State
Contractor's license.

John B. Powers	$47,600.00

Wells Cargo Inc.	44,803.19

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved the foregoing bids on Assessment District No. 200-3 be
referred to the City Manager and Comptroller for compilation and to check for State license,
and recommendation at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

AMENDMENT TO LAND USE This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition for change of zone
PLAN	from R-1 to C-1 of a portion of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 27 T. 20 R., 61 E., MDB&M,

Public Hearing	property owned by Adelaide Hammer at 903 North 5th Street, His Honor asked if there was any

A. Hammer	one present who wished to object to this change of zone.

There being no one present who wished to protest Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to
the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission this request for change of zone of
the above described property from R-1 to C-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

APACHE BACK BAR -	Commissioner Peccole moved that P. O. Silvagni be granted an additional sixty days to put his

P. O. Silvagni	Tavern Liquor license for the Apache Back Bar, 2nd and Fremont in operation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

LOCATION	FOR	SCHOOL	At this time Mr. Walter Bates appeared before the Board and presented a letter from

FOR HANDICAPPED	the Board of Education requesting land back of the Sunrise Acres School for the site

CHILDREN	for the school for handicapped children.

	Commissioner Peccole moved that a deed to the School Board for the purpose of establishing

a School for handicapped children be prepared to include a reverter clause in order that

the City might obtain this land back in the event the school is abolished.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Bunker,

SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT	At this time members of the Board of Commissioners of the City of North Las Vegas were

North Las Vegas	presents His Honor stated that this meeting was called for the purpose of notifying

	North Las Vegas that the City cannot allow them to tie in to our Sewage Disposal Plant.

MINUTES	Commissioner Peccole moved the minutes of January 3, 1951 be approved by reference

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

SERVICE & MATERIAL            Commissioner Moore moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 2041 in the total amount
WARRANT	of $396.18 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Bunker,