Wengert to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and. that real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of J.K. Houssels for an additional gaming

Additional	license for two slot machines at the Hotel El Cortez, 600 Fremont be approved, and the

^	Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for license for the re-

/	tail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved and the Supervisor of

License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

BIRDCAGE	102	Fremont	Stewart R. Kennard

WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM	517	South  5th	Mary V.  Askew

DOLLAR FOOD BASKET	400	North Main	M.E. Cronenberg

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Bunker moved the application of M.E. Cronenberg for license for

New	four slot machines at the Dollar Food Basket, 400 North Main Street be ap-

Dollar Food Basket	proved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the

^	license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Cecil Lynch's	At this time the Commission considered the application of Cecil Lynch for 71

Fortune Club	slots at Cecil Lynch's Fortune Club, 22 Fremont, formerly known as the Golden

^	Slot.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the Police investigation is favorable; 

how ever, there is the problem of having two clubs with the same name on the same
street. Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that the tavern liquor license is issued to the 

Golden Slot, and the State has approved the application in the name
of the Golden Slot.

Mr. David Zenoff, representing Mr. Robert Van Santen appeared before the 

Commission at this time to protest the issuance of this license in the name of the
Fortune Club. Mr. Zenoff stated that Mr. van Santen has spent thousands of
dollars advertising the Fortune Club, and has operated under this name since
1952. He advised the Board that there is a suit in District Court at the
present time to determine the ownership of this name. He further advised
that they had no objection to the issuance of a gaming license to M. Lynch
in any other name than the Fortune Club.

Mayor Baker asked if there was anyone here representing Mr. Lynch. No one
appeared.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Cecil Lynch for license for 71
slots machines at Cecil Lynsh's  Fortune Club, 22 Fremont be denied. Commis-
sioner Bunker stated that he was not opposed to granting the license under
the name of the Golden Slot, but did object to the granting of the license
under the name of Cecil Lynch's Fortune Club.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

GAMING LICENSE	The Board considered the application of S.R. Kennard, Jr. and M.W. Fortney for

New	a license for 102 slot machines, 2 Craps, 3 "21", 1 Roulette	and 1 Race Horse

Birdcage	Keno at the Bird Cage, 102 Fremont Street.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the Police investigation was favorable on
these applicants.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of S.R. Kennard, Jr. and M.W.
Fortnoy  for license for 102 slot machines, 2 Craps, 3 "21", 1 Roulette and 1
Race Horse Keno at the Bird Cage, 102 Fremont Street be approved, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Consideration was given to the application	of	George B. Burns	for a Restaurant

Change of Owner	Beverage license at the Dixie Waffle Shop,	24	Fremont Street.	Mr. Kennedy re-

Dixie Waffle Shop	ported that the Police investigation was favorable.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Sharp.

12-4-57