preceding tax list or assessment roll, nor shall said city have issued or outstanding at any time warrants,
certificates, scrip or other evidence of indebtedness, excepting the bonded indebtedness, in excess of 2 per-
cent of said assessed valuation; and provided further, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrict
the powers of said city as to taxation, assessment, borrowing money, contracting debts or loaning its credit for
procuring supplies of water, municipal water works, municipal power plants, electrical or otherwise, or other
public utility. The said board shall provide for the payment of interest on such bonds as the same shall become
due, and for a sinking fund for the payment of the principal within twenty years after issuing same. The board
shall have the power to acquire or establish municipal water works, municipal power plants, or any public utility
only in the manner herein provided. The board shall issue a proclamation which shall set forth briefly the
supply of water, municipal water works, the municipal power plant, or other public utility proposed to be
acquired or established, the estimated cost thereof as shown by the report provided by the board and mayor, or an
engineer or party theretofore appointed by the board for that purpose, the proposed bonded indebtedness to be
incurred therefor, the terms, amount, rate of interest and time within which redeemable, and on what fund. Such
proclamation shall be published in full at least once a week for three successive weeks in some newspaper of
general circulation published in the city, and shall state the date of the meeting at which said board will pass
an ordinance providing for said bond issue. At the first regular meeting of the board, or any recess or adjourn-
ment thereof, after the completion of said publication, the board shall proceed to enact an ordinance for such
purposes which shall conform in all respects to the terms and conditions of the previously published proclamation
and without submitting said question to a vote of the electors of said city; provided, however, that if a petition
shall be presented to said board signed by qualified electors of said city equal in number to at least 10 percent
of the number of votes cast in said city for representative in Congress at the last preceding general election,
and as shown by the last preceding registration list, and representing not less than 5 percent of the taxable
property of said city as shown by the last preceding tax list, or assessment roll (and corporate signatures by
authorized officers shall be accepted in estimating said 5 percent) asking for a special election upon the ques-
tion of whether or not the proposed ordinance shall be passed, then, and in that event, no such ordinance shall
be enacted except pursuant to a special election called and held for such purpose and	carried by a majority	of

the votes cast. Any ordinances thus passed providing for the issuance	of bonds shall be valid (1) if passed

by said board in the absence of the filing of a petition and election,	or (2) if such	petition be filed and

election had, then if passed by said board by a majority vote in favor	of said ordinance. The petition for	an

election herein referred to may be filed with said board at any time prior to the date of meeting set in said
published notice; provided, however, that said board may submit such question to the vote of a special election
if the board find it convenient so to do; provided further, however, that even though no such petition be filed,
or if at such election the question is carried by such majority vote, the said board may, in its discretion,
abandon and discontinue all such proceedings to acquire or establish such municipal water works, municipal power
plant, electrical or otherwise, or other public utility, upon adoption of a resolution to the effect that such
board does not at such time deem it to the best interests of said city to acquire or establish such municipal
water works, municipal power plant, electrical or otherwise, or other public utility.

In addition to the powers elsewhere conferred upon said board they shall also have the power, for the pur-
pose of constructing sewerage systems (including disposal plants) within the said city and waste mains there-
from, and said board is hereby authorized to issue bonds therefor not to exceed in the aggregate the sum of two
hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000); which said bonds shall be of convenient denominations, ranging from
one hundred dollars to one thousand dollars and shall bear interest at the rate of not more than 7 percent per
annum, the interest on each bond to be payable semiannually. Said Bonds shall be numbered consecutively and
have	interest coupons	attached in such manner that they	can be removed upon any payment of	any installment of

interest on the bonds	without	injury to the bonds. The	bonds shall be signed by the mayor	and countersigned

by the city clerk, and shall be distinctively known as "Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds." Before issuing the said
bonds, the said board shall publish a notice at least once a week for at least three consecutive weeks in some
daily or triweekly newspaper published in the said city, calling for a special election by the regularly
qualified electors of the city whether such bonds shall issue. Such notice shall state consecutively the amount
of the proposed bond issue, the rate of interest bonds are to bear, time and manner of their payment and that
they are for the construction of a sewerage system and/or sewerage disposal plant, as the case may be. The
board shall cause a sufficient number of ballots to be printed which shall bear the words: "Sewerage Bonds -
Yes," and "Sewerage Bonds - No." printed thereon in parallel lines one above the other. The voter will
scratch out the word "Yes" if opposed to the bonds, and the word "No" if in favor of the issue. The election
shall be conducted and the votes announced in all several particulars as in other elections. If the majority
of the votes cast are in favor of the issuance of the bonds the said board of commissioners shall proceed at
once	to issue them as	rapidly	as needed in conformity with the provisions of this act. Said board may submit

such	questions to the	vote of	the electors at a general	city election instead of a special	election if the

board find it convenient so to do, in which event said notice, instead of calling for special election, shall
specify that such question shall be voted on at the next general city election and such question shall, in the
form above provided, be placed upon the general ballot at such general city election. Said bonds shall be sold
at not less than their par value and shall be redeemable in the order of their issuance within twenty-five years
from the date of issue. The said board shall provide for the payment of said bonds and the interest thereon at
the time of regular tax levy for state and county and city purposes by levying an additional tax upon the prop-
erty, real and personal, within the limits of the city, sufficient in their judgment to pay the interest upon
said bonds semi-annually as it becomes due, and the principal at such rate as will redeem all of the bonds
within twenty-five years from the date of their issue; in which case the twenty-five years shall begin to run
from the date of the particular bond to be paid. The said taxes shall be assessed and collected the same as
other taxes paid to the county treasurer and by him placed in a fund to be known as the "Las Vegas Sewerage
Fund." All sewerage systems constructed under the provisions of this act shall be constructed under the super-
vision and control of the said board. The material may be purchased and work caused to be done directly by
the board, or it may advertise for plans and specifications and bids for construction as they may see fit.

6. To issue bonds in place of or to supply means to meet maturing bonds or for the consolidation
of or refunding of the same.

7.	To divide the city into districts for the purpose of local taxation or to create districts for
that purpose as occasion may require.

8.	To raise revenue by levying and collecting a license fee or tax on any private corporation or
business within the limits of the city, and to regulate the same by ordinance. All such licenses, fees and
taxes shall be uniform in respect to the class upon which they are imposed.

9.	To fix the amount of licenses and the terms and manner of their issuance.

10.	To fix, impose and collect a license tax on and to regulate all charter of lawful trades, call-
ings, industries, occupations, professions and business, conducted in whole or in part within the city,
including all theaters, theatrical or melodeon performances and performances of any, every, and all kinds for
which an admission fee is charged; circuses, shows, billiard tables, pool tables, bowling alleys and exhibitions
and amusements. To fix, impose and collect a license tax on and regulate all taverns, hotels, auto camps,
restaurants , chophouses, cafes, saloons, eatinghouses, lunch counters, barrooms, games and gaming houses,