RAINBOW LIQUOR
STORE

Application Off

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

U-DRIVE APPLICATION
Ben & R.S. Fabbi

TAXICAB APPLICATION
Checker Cab Co.

TAXICAB APPLICATION
Boulder Cab Co.

RIVIERA HOTEL 
Request sewer
connection

SILVER STATE ELKS
CLUB

Carnival

CONVENTION HALL

BONDS ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT 100-25

Mr. Ben Schmoutey, applicant for a retail liquor license for the Rainbow Liquor Store,

1106 Fremont Street, withdrew his application due to the fact that there are not package
liquor licenses available.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Market Town, 5th & Oakey, by Adelson,

Inc., Merv. Adelson, for a retail beverage license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Jarrett.

No action was taken by the Board on the application by Herman Sousa of the Eight Ball Bar
for a tavern liquor license at 117 No. 1st Street.

At the hour of 9:30 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 10:15 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 1550 to 1726 in the total
amount of $149,284.75 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.



Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Ben and R. S. Fabbi to operate a Drive
Yourself Car Service at 1203 South 5th Street be held in abeyance until a definite location
is obtained.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of the Checker Cab Company Inc. for four
additional taxicab licenses be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of the Boulder Cab Company for two additional
taxicab licenses be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time the Board considered the request of the Riviera Hotel for permission to
connect to the City sewer.

This request was referred to the City Attorney and the attorney for the Riviera for submission
of a tentative agreement.

At this time the Board considered the request of Silver State Elks Club for permission to
hold a carnival on F Street between McWilliams and Morgan Avenue on March 22 to 27, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this request to hold a carnival be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

City Attorney Howard Cannon reported that there is a bill before the legislature to
authorize county fairs and construction of a convention hall. This bill would allow
issuance of bonds, and would be administered by a board composed of two county commissioners,
and one member of the governing body from each incorporated city for each 25,000 population.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be instructed to write an appropriate letter
to the legislature recommending the passage of this bill.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution authorizing
notice of the sale of bonds on Assessment District No. 100-25:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to
create certain public improvements; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk to advertise
for the sale of bonds all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore taken to construct
said improvements by special assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day of March, 1955, that the City Clerk and
Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice that the
Board of Commissioners will receive bids for bond for Special Assessment District No. 100-25
in the aggregate principal amount of $62,533.28.

3-2-55