"An Ordinance to Regulate and control the use of Streets, Alleys, Avenues, and Side-
walks, Providing a penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance, and Repealing all Ordinances
or parts of Ordinance in Conflict Therewith," was passed upon the following vote: Com-
missioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Above Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 197 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in full force and effect from and afters its final publication in the Las Vegas Age, as is
required by law, and said Ordinance No. 197 is passed as an emergency Ordinance.

"An Ordinance Regulating The Distribution Of Beer, Wine, Or Other Beverages Which
are Now Or May Hereafter Be Authorized By The Laws Of teh United States To Be Sold Or 
Distributed; Regulating Places Where And Conditions Under Which Such Liquors Or Beverages May
Be Sold Or Otherwise Distributed; Providing For the Issuance Of Permits and Licenses And
The Imposing of Taxes; And Repealing All Ordinances Or Parts Of Ordinances In Conflict
Therewith," was read and passed as and emergency Ordinance upon the following vote: Com-
missioners Mundy, German, Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be knows as Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas, and to
be in full force and effect from and after its final publication was provided by law. Said
Ordinance to be published in Las Vegas Age.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 4th, 1933.

Minutes of regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of April 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner German, as Mayor Pro Tem took charge of the meeting.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the Office of the Clerk.

Attorney Henderson presented to the Board at this time a form of application for retail
and wholesale liquor licenses.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved and
carried that the form of application presented to the Board by Attorney Henderson be approved
and that the Clerk order for immediate delivery five hundred such application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
all gaming licenses presented to the Board at this time be approved. Applications for licenses
being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that all
slot machine application presented to the Board at this time be granted. Applications being
in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Money received for the month of March as follows:

$1,821.40 Municipal Court Fines

4,731.50	Licenses and fees.

155.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

2,637.40	Poll Tax

____35.64 Special Assessment

8,380.94	Total.

Money Proportioned as follows:

$3,552.90 P and F Fund.

3,000.00 General Fund.

155.00	Cemetery Fund.

2,637.40	Street Fund.

35.64 Fremont St. Assessment Fund.

9,380.94	Total.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday April 7th, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.