channelization design as presented but felt that before this expenditure, estimated
at approximately $13,000.00, was approved, a more detailed study, including cost
		estimates, should be made on the long-range proposal to realign Rancho Road so that

it would cross Charleston Boulevard at right angles a few hundred feet west of the
  present intersection.

The completion of the project as proposed in this manner would bring Rancho Road and
Charleston Boulevard together at a 90° angle which would simplify traffic controls
at this intersection and also eliminate a serious land use and zoning problem.

There are a number of factors which still have to be investigated. The most 
important of these, at least money-wise, is the value of a large home which would have to
be moved to make this project possible.

Mr. Kennedy requested that permission be granted to retain the services of a qualified
local appraiser to appraise the property which would be needed for this realignment
including the home which faces on Charleston Boulevard. With the land costs firmed
up, together with the engineer's estimates of the cost of construction on this piece
of highway, a detailed estimate of the cost could be presented to the Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

GEORGE SHANNON	Commissioner Fountain moved an additional 30-days sick leave be granted to George

30-day Sick Leave	Shannon of the Street Department.

Extension

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:	

Approved	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye:

noes, none.

WASHINGTON, D. C.	Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution supporting self-government for

SELF-GOVERNMENT	Washington, D. C. be adopted and order made:

Resolution Adopted	RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has been advised that the Congress of the
United States is considering the enactment of legislation to permit local self-government 
for residents of the District of Columbia, and

WHEREAS, said Board of Commissioners believes that the principles of freedom,
privileges and immunities guaranteed to all American citizens by the Constitution
of the United States will be given new meaning and emphasis in these troublesome
times by the enactment of "Home Rule" legislation for the District of Columbia, and

WHEREAS, the said Board of Commissioners is aware that the Senior Senator of
the State of Nevada is the author of pending legislation to provide said "Home Rule"
and believes that all members of Congress should support such legislation and do
everything possible to secure its speedy enactment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas that the Congress of the United States be, and hereby is, memorialized
and urged to enact "Home Rule" legislation to permit local self-government by the
residents of the District of Columbia, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that copies of this resolution be transmitted to the
Vice President of the United States and the Speaker of the House of Representatives
for appropriate referrals to the Committees on the District of Columbia in the Senate
of the United States and the House of Representatives.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that copies of this resolution be transmitted to each
member of the Congressional Delegation of the State of Nevada in the Congress of
the United States.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 15th day of July, 1959.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag

MARJORIE HOLTSCHLAG, Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none.

PURCHASE REQUISITION           City Manager Kennedy requested approval of Purchase Requisition No. 5779 in the amount
Electric Punch and	of $865.00 to the General Binding Corporation, 1822 West 9th Street, Los Angeles,

Binding Machine for	California, for an electric punch machine and an electric binding machine for the

Print Department	Printing Department. He stated that it was getting to the point where there are so

many different reports that require binding that the present manual machine was
Approved	inadequate. This machine would be traded in on these new ones.

Mr. Kennedy added this was a much needed item and although the expenditure involved
was less than the amount required for approval, he wished to bring it before the

7-13-59