VOTE on Resolution as follows: Commissioner Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.	

At this time it was moved by Commissioner Hammond, Seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
Sam J. Lawson be appointed member of Fairground Board to fill the vacancy to be appointed by City.

Vote as follows: Commissioner Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor aye, Noes, none.

It was moved by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond and carried that

$300.00 be transferred from General fund to Salary Fund.

It was moved by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, and carried that

bills which have been allowed at this meeting in Street Dept., and Police and Fire Dept. be paid

out of General Fund, and an account be kept by Clerk, later to be repaid by such funds when able

to do so. Also that the $861 collected from fines in June be placed in General Fund.

At this time the applications of A. T. McCarter, Morgan, Stocker & Horden and

G.	Lopez for gambling license was read and approved. Vote as follows; Commissioner Hammond

Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor, aye. Noes, none.

It was moved and seconded that the contract between City and A. B. Mitchell and E.



Stevens, executed by Mayor on behalf of City, regarding collection of garbage be approved and that the bond signed 
by Mark Bleak and Harry Blanding for $1000. in connection therewith be approved. Vote as follows: Commissioner
Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none	 

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting to be held on Thursday, the 6th day of August, A.D. 1925.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. August 6th, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of August, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present
Mayor Pro Tem W.B. Mundy, with Commissioners Elwell and Smith, together with the City Attorney
F.A. Stevens and the City Clerk, His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse and Commissioner Hammond being
absent.	

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and there being no omissions or corrections the same were
approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

The claim of Archie Mellot in the sum of $30.60 was rejected.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the Clerk was ordered
to notify the City Treasurer to transfer the sum of $50.12 from the General Fund to the Pub-
licity Fund. Voting on said motion Commissioners Smith and Elwell and Mayor protem Mundy, Aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith the Clerk was directed
to notify the city treasurer to transfer the sum of $355.34 from the General Fund to the Sal-
ary Fund. Voting on said motion Commissioners Elwell and Smith and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy, Aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the Clerk was directed
to transfer the sum of $3.15 from the General Fund to Sidewalk Assessment #9 Fund. Voting