579

Commissioner Peccole the moved that said resolution be now placed upon its final passage
and adopted. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said resolution, the roll
was called with the following result:

Those voting aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Absent:	Commissioner Moore

Those voting nay: None

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners present having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed and adopted.

———0O0--—

RESOLUTION 228

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas are without
adequate street improvements, and

WHEREAS, numerous oral requests have been made that these streets be improved, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners are desirous that the streets and portions of streets
in the City of Las Vegas, hereinafter described, be improved,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 18th day of April, 1951, that the City Engineer be
and he is hereby directed to prepare, and file with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plana of
the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of coat for constructing oil
bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters and 70' of storm sewer wherever said im-
provements are missing on the following described streets, to-wit:

All of Lewis Avenue from the east property line of Spencer Avenue to the west
gutter line of Bruce Street; all of Circle Drive from the north gutter line of
Lewis Avenue to the west gutter line of Bruce Street.

From the south gutter line of Fremont Avenue to a point 7.73' south of the center
line of Lewis Avenue running west from Bruce Street and the west one-half (1/2) of
Bruce Street from a point 7.73' south of the center line of Lewis Avenue running
west to the existing construction on Charleston Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and Carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

——oOo——

RESOLUTION 229

Commissioner Peccole moved the following resolutions expressing thanks and appreciation of the
Board for the cooperation received from Commissioner Moore and Mayor Cragin be adopted and
spread on the minutes.

WHEREAS, E.W. "Ernie" Cragin has faithfully and untiringly served the City of Las Vegas
as its Mayor during the years from 1931 through 1935 and more recently during the years 1943
to 1951, and

WHEREAS, E.W. "Ernie" Cragin has contributed much time and effort to the development,
management and improvement of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, E.W. "Ernie" Cragin, ever mindful of the great need and necessity of the City
of Las Vegas, through his effort and diligence, was instrumental in obtaining worthwhile
projects and reforms that insured the progress and development of said City, and

WHEREAS, during the periods while he has been Mayor of the City of Las Vegas this City
has grown from a small oasis in the desert until it is now one of the blooming flowers of the
entire Southwestern United States, and

WHEREAS, E.W. "Ernie" Cragin, by faithfully performing his duties, has assured the progress
and growth of the City of Las Vegas, and the health and welfare of its citizens has been im-
proved by his effective effort.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 29th day of May, 1951, at said City, by this
resolution, express its gratitude and appreciation to E.W. "Ernie" Cragin for his efforts in
obtaining these results, and thereby insuring to the citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada, the
future growth and development of the said City, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she hereby is directed to spread a
copy of this resolution on the minutes of the books of the said City, and

BE IT ALSO FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed to send
a copy of this resolution to the Honorable E.W. "Ernie" Cragin.

a/C.D. Baker________________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

e/ Shirley Ballinger_______________

City Clerk