BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution he attached to said
deed, and that the same he recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution he filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, R. F. Boos, Acting City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of
the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of
the Board of Commissioners held on the 7th day of January, 1959.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 8th day of January, 1959.

/s/ R. F. BOOS________________

Acting Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

     PARADISE PAINS PLOT PLAN Richard Sauer, Director of Public Works, presented the revised Paradise Palms Plot Plan
Royes Petersen which has been submitted by Mr. Royes Petersen and Mr. Sauer said he thought it was the

best plan submitted so far. It now has sufficient parking spaces for the number of units,
Referred to Traffic and                with diagonal parking on Weldon Place, El Centro Place and Santa Paula Drive; however,

Parking Commission             there is parallel parking on St. Louis Street. There are still continuous curb cuts which

could be allowed by approval of the Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this revised Paradise Palms Plot plan be referred to the
Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for Public Hearing in regard to exchange of 7.68 acres

Exchange of Land with	of Golf Course Land with the Clark County School District, the Commission considered the

Clark County School	adoption of a resolution authorizing exchange of 7.68 acres of Golf Course Land with the

District	Clark County School District.

Resolution Adopted	Commissioner Fountain moved that the following Resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has this date held a public hearing pursuant
to public notice that it would consider for adoption a resolution authorizing the City to
exchange certain land owned by it for an equal amount of land owned by the Clark County
School District; and

WHEREAS, no protests were heard against said exchange; and

WHEREAS, the properties to be exchanged have been found to be of equal value, and
said exchange will not necessitate the payment by either the City of Las Vegas or the Clark
County School District of any cash representing the difference in the appraised value of the
respective properties conveyed; and

WHEREAS, the Board has determined that such exchange will be in the public interest
and to the advantage of both parties.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that the Mayor and the acting City Clerk be, and they hereby are, directed to execute
a quitclaim deed to the Clark County School District in order to exchange certain land with
the Clark County School District, all of which is described in that certain resolution of
the Board dated December 17, 1958; provided, however, such deed shall not be delivered until
the deed of the Clark County School District is received by the City.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 7th day of January, 1959.

/s/ C. D. BAKER

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS_________________

Acting City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for Public Hearing in regard to sale of 11.67 acres of

Sale of Land to Clark                   land to Clark County School District for Roy W. Martin School at 28th and Stewart for
County School District               $23,330.80, the Commission considered the adoption of a resolution authorizing sale of the
28th Stewart Sts.                        aforementioned land.

Resolution Adopted	Commissioner Whipple moved that the following Resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held a public hearing
on January 7, 1959, pursuant to public notice that it intended to adopt a resolution authorizing
the Board to sell certain real property to the Clark County School District, the description
of which is contained in the resolution adopted by said Board on the 17th day of December,

1958; and

WHEREAS, no protests were received by the said Board at said public hearing against
the proposed sale of the land to the Clark County School District; and

1-7-59