The City Manager also presented at this time reports from the License
Department and Police Department concerning Buckley's, 20 Fremont, indica-
ting that beer was being given to patrons and that no license had been issued
nor applied for. Mr. Kennedy requested that these licensees be directed
to appear before the Commission to show cause why their license should not
be revoked.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that P. J., John and Rita D. Buckley,
licensees of Buckley's, 20 Fremont Street, be instructed to appear before
the Commission at the next regular meeting on September 21, 1955 to show
cause why their gaming license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

A. H. Kennedy, City Manager, reported that the concern that had received
the bid for supplying the City with tires and tubes last Spring was out of
business, and requested authority to secure new bids.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be authorized to secure new
bids for the furnishing of tires and tubes to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that no bids had been received for the sale
of the Wildcat Lair building, but he indicated that several proposals might
be received in the next week. This matter was continued until September 21, 1955.

It was reported by the City Manager that under the Bond Issue the Fire De-
partment has been buying transite pipe and having it laid in conjunction
with the Southern Nevada Telephone Company. He requested authority at this
time to purchase an additional $3500.00 worth of pipe to continue this
operation. He stated that two bids for the furnishing of this material had
been received, one from a local concern and the other from a firm in San
Bernardino; and since both bids were the same, he would like to make the
purchase from the local business, Standard Wholesale Supply Company.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be authorized to purchase transite
pipe in the amount of $3500.00 from Standard Wholesale Supply Company to con-
tinue the installation of the fire alarm system in conjunction with the
Southern Nevada Telephone Company project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy requested permission to secure bids for twelve three-way radio
units. He reported that one is to be installed in the Police Department equipment,
one in the Fire Department flush truck and the other ten in Building and En-
gineering Department equipment. He indicated that this installation would cost
approximately $700.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to secure
bids for the installation of twelve three-way radio units in City equipment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the improvement of 25th Street was reported upon by the City
Manager. Mr. Kennedy stated that the rights-of-way could be secured with the
exception of the property owned by Mr. Dick Swartz. He requested permission
to purchase this right-of-way for $2,000.00, said amount which will be split
by the City and Clark County when the improvement is completed. Mr Kennedy
reported that in order for the County to put up their share of the purchase
of the right-of-way would require approximately seven months, and it is
necessary to secure this property as soon as possible.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that permission be given for the pur-
chase of right-of-way from Dick Swartz for the improvement of 25th Street
in the amount of $2,000.00 and the warrant issued and signature authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Manager Kennedy requested that a one schedule increase be granted to all
members of the Fire Department.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved
and that a one schedule salary increase be granted to all members of the Fire
Department effective as of September 1, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

BUCKLEY'S
To Appear On
Licence Revocation

TIRE BIDS

WILDCAT LAIR

BUILDING SALE

FIRE ALARM SYSTEM
Transite Pipe System

RADIO EQUIPMENT BIDS

25TH STREET IMPROVEMENT
Purchase of R/W
Dick Swartz

FIRE DEPARTMENT
Salary Increase

9-8-55