Commissioner Bunker moved that the installation of the pump at the Golf Course by S.R.
McKinney & Son be accepted, the performance bond released, and payment of $362.30 to
the contractor approved and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the
warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade reported that the Hinson Street Water line to the new Fire Station
north of Charleston Boulevard has been inspected, the Notice of Completion filed Febru-
ary l4, 1957 and recommended that this work be accepted and the retention of $518.86
paid to the contractor, George E. Miller Co.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Hinson Street Water line be accepted, the performance
bond released and payment of $618.86 to contractor George E. Miller Co. be approved and
the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the City Engineer reported that the street striping machine needed to be
replaced. Mr. Wade stated that the present equipment is the only paint spray machine
the City has, and it is anticipated will break down within a short time. He requested
permission to purchase one "Reflect-Liner", Model 8-T-Self-propelled single line paint
spray machine from Clark County Wholesale at a cost of $835.00 plus freight.

Commissioner Bunker moved that authorization be granted to purchase the above described
paint spray machine from Clark County Wholesale at a cost of $835.00, plus freight.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to purchase a Roots-Connersville gas compressor
for the digestor at the existing sewage disposal plant. Mr. Wade stated the approximate
cost would be $1,400.00 and the equipment has been checked with Headman, Ferguson and
Carollo and determined that this is the most economical installation.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted to purchase a Roots-Connerville
gas compressor for the digestor at the existing sewer disposal plant at an approximate
cost of $1,400.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Mr. Wade requested additional funds to cover street patching and repair in an estimated
amount of $3,500.00 to complete contract payments for the balance of the contract period.

Commissioner Whipple moved that an additional allotment of approximately $3500.00 for
the street patching and repair contract be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade reported to the Commission that the off-site improvements for the in-
stallation of sidewalks and driveways at Forest Lawn Memorial Chapel, dba Desert Lawn
Inc., located at 1320 North Main Street have been completed and inspected. Mr. Wade
recommended that these improvements be accepted and the performance bond released.

Commissioner Fountain moved the off-site improvements at 1320 No. Main Street be accepted
and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Mr. Wade advised the Commission that the off-site improvements for the installation of
sidewalk and driveways at the residence of A.G. Williams, 200 North 15th Street have
been completed and inspected and recommended acceptance and release of the bond.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the off-site improvements at 200 North 15th Street be
accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade reported that a request had been received from Wells Cargo Inc. for
extension of time on the contract they have with the City for street patching and repair
from May 3; 1957 to May 3, 1953.

Mr. Wade stated that their performance had been very good and it was suggested that the
contract be extended.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Director of Public Works be authorized to secure
bids for street patching and repair.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Sharp.

HINSON STREET WATER

LINE - Acceptance &

Release of Bond





PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT
Street Striping
Machine

PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT
Sewer Plant
Compressor

STREET REPAIR

Allotment of
Funds

FOREST LAWN MEMORIAL
CHAPEL

Acceptance & Release
of Bond

OFF-SITE IMPROVEMENTS

A.G. Williams

Acceptance & Release
of Bond



STREET REPAIR CONTRACT

Extension of Time