CIGARETTE APPLICATION             Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of the Sutton Vending Service for cigarette
Approved	license for machines at the Bird Cage, 102 Fremont, be approved and the Supervisor of

License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

LICENSES - OTHER	Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of E. M. Krabbenhoft doing business as Ernie's

Ernie's Surplus	Surplus Store, 120	Stewart, for a	2nd Hand Merchandise License, be approved	and	the	Supervisor

Store	of License and Revenue authorized	to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

LICENSES - OTHER	Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Glen	Jones doing business as the Acme

Acme Furniture &	Furniture and Equipment Co., 201 North 12th, for a 2nd	Hand Merchandise License be approved

Equipment Co.	and the Supervisor	of License and	Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by	Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

LICENSES - OTHER	Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Vera M. Whittaker doing business as Art's

Art's Loans &	Loans and Jewelry, 117 N. 1st, for a Pawnshop License,	be approved and the Supervisor of

Jewelry	License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by	the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

REZONING (Z-14-58)	The Commission considered the application of Herbert Gerson for the reclassification of property

Herbert Gerson	located generally at the SE corner of Mesquite and 12th, legally described as a portion of the

SE¼, SE¼, NW¼, NW¼, Section 35, T20S, R61E, from R-2 to R-3. Approval was recommended by the
Approved	Planning Commission and there were no protests. Planning Director Bills stated that this

property was originally a part of Kelso-Turner.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Herbert Gerson for the reclassification
of property generally located at the SE corner of Mesquite and 12th, legally described as a
portion of the SE¼, SE¼, NW¼, NW¼, Section 35; T20S, R61E, from R-2 to R-3, be approved, and
the City Attorney instructed to prepare the ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting ays; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

PARADISE PALMS PLOT PLAN     The latest revision of the Paradise Palms Plot Plan as submitted by Royes Petersen has been
Royes Petersen	reviewed by the Traffic and Parking Commission and it was recommended that the plan not be

approved. Director of Public Works Sauer stated that Mr. Petersen had indicated by phone
Removed from Agenda            that he did not want this plan considered further.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Paradise Palms Plot Plan submitted by Royes Petersen be
removed from the Agenda.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Director of Public Works Sauer reported that as a result of the informal hearing held with

NO. 100-43	the property owners on January 19, 1959; in regard to forming a street	light assessment

Main Street Lighting	district on Main Street between Carson and the North City Limits, it is	requested that the

Amended Resolution Adopted         Commission adopt an amended resolution changing the boundaries of this	assessment district

on Main Street from Bonanza to North City Limits and that the area from Bonanza south to
Carson be deleted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following amended resolution setting the boundaries of
this Assessment District 100-43 for the installation of street lighting on Main Street as
Bonanza northerly to the North City Limits, be adopted and order made:

AMENDED RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, a Resolution was adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas on the 2nd day of July, 1958 directing the Director of Public Works to file plats,
diagrams and plans of work for the installation of street lighting on Main Street from the
intersection of Carson Avenue northerly to the North City Limits of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Director of Public Works in the preparation of such plans has
recommended to the Board of Commissioners that street lighting be installed on Main Street
from Bonanza northerly to the North City Limits of the City of Las Vegas; and
WHEREAS, said area will be reduced from the original plan; and
WHEREAS, the portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has been and
still is without adequate street lighting facilities; and

WHEREAS, requests have been made that street lighting be installed on Main Street
northerly from Bonanza Road to the North City Limits,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of January, 1959; that the area be
reduced and that the Director of Public Works be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file
with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the work, the locality to be improved, together
 with the estimates of cost for the installation of street lighting on the following
described street and part thereof:

Main Street from the intersection of Bonanza
Road, northerly to the North City Limits of
the City of Las Vegas.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of January, 1959.

/s/ C. D. BAKER___________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS,_______________

Acting City Clerk