Mr. Ivan Regnier appeared before the Commission at this time to request the reduction of the
solicitor's license fee to permit him to go from house to house sharpening scissors and
knives. Mr. Regnier's request was that the license be reduced to the minimum fee of $40.00
per annum. The Commission indicated approval of this request and referred it to the City
Manager.

City Engineer Wade reported that the low bidder on Bid No. 56.50 for the installation of
a traffic signal system at 5th and Oakey was Nevada Electric. Mr. Wade stated that this
bidder had met the financial requirements, and recommended that the bid of Nevada Electric
be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 56.50 for the installation of a traffic signal
system at 5th and Oakey be awarded to the low bidder, Nevada Electric in the total amount
of $3501.50.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade reported that the extension of St. Louis Avenue from Dawson Park No. 2
to the Boulder Highway has been completed and recommended the acceptance of this project
and the release of the bond.

Commissioner Sharp moved the extension of St. Louis Avenue from Dawson Park No. 2 be
accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the addition to the Jefferson Pool Building
had been completed, and the Notice of Completion recorded on October 9, 1956. Mr. Wade
recommended the acceptance of this construction and the payment of the 10% retention to
Willard Terry Construction Company after the expiration of the 35 day period allowed to
file liens.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the addition to the Jefferson Pool Building be accepted
and payment of the 10% retention in the amount of $l,044.70 to the contractor Willard
Terry Construction Company be made upon the expiration of the 35 day lien period.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Engineer Wade reported that the installation of the sprinkler system
at the Municipal Golf Course by Automatic Irrigation Company has been completed and the
Notice of Completion recorded September 10, 1956. Mr. Wade recommended this installation
be accepted and the payment of the 10% retention authorized.

Commissioner Whipple moved the sprinkler system at the Municipal Golf Course be accepted
and payment of the 10% retention in the amount of $3,161.69 to Automatic Irrigation
Company be made upon the expiration of the 35 day lien period.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade reported that the off-site improvements in Greater Las Vegas Addition
No. 2 had been completed and checked by all Departments. Mr. Wade recommended these
improvements be accepted and the bond released.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 2 be accepted and
the performance bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Paul Smitley, Contractor on the Rehabilitation Farm Building for thirty
days extension of time on this contract, was considered by the Commission. City Engineer
Wade stated that the delay was caused by the shipment of the door frames, and recommended
this request be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Paul Smitley for a thirty day extension of time
on his contract for the construction of the Rehabilitation Farm Building be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the installation of the oil over-lay on North 6th Street
between Fremont and Stewart had been completed. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that
the original agreement with Wells-Cargo was that the City would pay for this work 60 days
after the completion of the project,if the work was satisfactory. Mr. Kennedy stated that
the Engineering Department had advised that the streets will stand up, and he recommended
that payment of $1,000 per block to Wells-Cargo be authorized.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and payment to Wells Cargo in
the amount of $2,000 for the installation of the over-lay on North 6th Street be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Manager reported on the Motorcycle races that are being held on
Sundays at Cashman Field. Mr. Kennedy stated that the Police Department had checked on
October 14th and found that the motorcycles started arriving at 9:30 A.M., the races
commenced at 10:00 A.M. and were conducted in an orderly manner. He further stated
that the races continued until 2:30 P.M. and the area was clear at 2:45 P.M.

The Commission requested that the Police Department continue to check these races
on Sundays.

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
FEE

BID NO. 56.50
Traffic Signal
System Awarded

ST. LOUIS AVENUE
EXTENSION - Release
of Bond

JEFFERSON POOL BLDG.
Acceptance & Final
Payment



MUNICIPAL GOLF COURSE
SPRINKLER SYSTEM
Acceptance & Final
Payment

GREATER LAS VEGAS
ADDITION #2
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

REHABILITATION FARM
Extension of Time