BEVERAGE APPLICATION
New Oasis Cafe

SLOT MACHINE APPL'N.
Charleston Grocery

APPLICATIONS

M. E. LEAVITT-status

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of James J. Adras of the New Oasis Cafe at 123 E.
Fremont for retail restaurant beverage license be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark

and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
A. R. Stowell of Charleston Grocery at Charleston and
A Streets for one slot machine be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr. voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and

Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that any new applications for
gambling or liquor licenses will be held over until
such time as a full Board can pass on them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Clark
and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that no action be taken upon
M. E. Leavitt's status until such time as a full
Board can meet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye; noes none. Absent, Commissioner Clark
and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that M. E. Leavitt be
retained after the first of the year as Street 

Foreman in that capacity and if any other changes in
regard to his position as County Commissioner, that
it take its legal course.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

voting aye; voting no, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F.
Smith Sr. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and Mayor E. W.

Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that his previous motion
be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates

and Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F.

Smith Sr. voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

The following is inserted in the minutes at the
request of His Honor Mayor Pro Tem, A. F. Smith, Sr.:

Opinion of City Attorney

"Legally I think he can. Practically, no. We have
the same condition in about four places in the City
Charter where the Charter mentions merely the Board
of Commissioners and the Mayor. The reason I say it
does not apply to Mr. Leavitt’s case is that the City
Charter refers to the Mayor and the Commissioners  
because they are the governing body of the organization
and because they have the right to use discretion in
granting contracts and making purchases and in using
discretion in payment, whereas an ordinary employee
of the City does not have the authority. This I make
in view of our City Charter alone. I haven’t made a
study of the State Statutes on this. I presume that
possibly there is some restriction as far as County
Commissioners are concerned, wherein it is prohibited
that a county employee hold office with the City 

Commission or any other public body."