ments, of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June in each year thereafter. Failure
to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the
unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid prin-
cipal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum,
until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount
of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties
accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the
same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in decault as
to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with in-
terest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark
County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County,
acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby .authorized and directed to enter
the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special column for special
assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treas- 
urer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to
collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes
are collected.

Section 2. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is 
necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declar- 
ed that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation
of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 3. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately
following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in
said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publica-
tion hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 27th day of April, 1953.

Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye": Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple
Mayor	C.D.	Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None.	Absent:	None.

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Jarrett, that all rules
of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this or-
dinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby, suspended for the purpose of permitting
the final passage and adoption of said Emergency Ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll 
was called with the following result:

Those	voting	 "Aye":	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett	

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed	Whipple

Mayor	C.D.	Baker

Those voting "Nay": None.	Absent: None.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended*

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at
this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion, and the
question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those	voting	 "Aye":	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	William Peccole	

Commissioner	Reed	Whipple

Mayor	C.D.	Baker

Those voting "Nay": None	Absent: None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted as an Emergency Ordinance. 

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 550.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bunker
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner Bunker moved 
the meeting adjourn until April 29, 1953, at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bun- 
ker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: none.