laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration of voters in incorporated cities
Registration Books shall open March 17, 1919.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purpose of complying with the general law of the State
of Nevada, governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified voters of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, a full and fair opportunity of casting their ballots at such election the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby divided into two (2) voting election precincts described as
follows, to-wit:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, lying and being North of the Center line
of Carson Street extended easterly and westerly across the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be

designated and known as Las Vegas City Voting Precinct Number One (1), and all that portion of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, lying and being south of the Center line of Carson Street extended
easterly and westerly across the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be designated and known as Las
Vegas City Voting Precinct Number Two (2).

Be it further Resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is
hereby authorized and directed to have the official Ballots prepared and to do and perform all
such acts and give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in order that the said
election may be called and held and the qualified Voters may have due notice thereof as required
by the laws of the State of Nevada governing and as required	by the provisions of the City Charter

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and this resolution.

A roll call of the members was taken on the foregoing resolution and resulted as follows, to
wit: Commissioner W. H. Elwell voting aye, Commissioner John F. Miller voting aye, and his Honor
the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, April 2, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas held on the 2d day of April A. D. 1919. Present Hon. W. E. Hawkins, Mayor, with
Commissioners, Elwell, Miller and Ball with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time it was, upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the
sum of One Hundred and fifty Dollars ($150.00) be transferred from the Street fund to the Police
fund. It was further ordered by said Board that the sum of One Hundred ($100.00) Dollars be
transferred from the Street fund to the Light fund of said city.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the applications of Al. James
and John F. Miller for retail liquor license in the City of Las Vegas and said applications were
layed over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

At this time it being called to the attention of the Board that the Members of
the Cemetery Committee, term of office has expired and that the said committee should be
reappointed. It was, upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the following members
be appointed for said Cemetery Board for the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the following terms
of years as follows, to-wit: Mrs. I. C. Johnson, 1 year; Mrs. Ellen J. Connelly, 1 year; Mrs.
John Lause, 2 years; Mrs Helen J. Stewart, 2 years; Mrs. W. B. Mundy, 3 years and Mrs. C. M.
McGovern, 3 years.

There being no further business before the Board, it was upon motion being duly
made and carried, ordered that this Board stand adjourned.