239

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:

None.

______E. W. Cragin

Mayor

Attest:

Helen Scott Reed_____________

City Clerk

(SEAL)

It was then moved by Commissioner Baskin and seconded by Commissioner
Moore that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended,
the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and
the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final
passage and adoption of said ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension
of the rules the roll call was made with	the following result:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R. Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Nays:	None

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said
motion, the Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended:

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore intro-
duced and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.
Commissioner Baskin seconded the motion and the question being upon the
placing of said Ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the
following result:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Nays:	None

The Mayor declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its
passage.

Commissioner Baskin then moved that said Ordinance be passed and adopted
as read.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The question being upon
passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the
following result:

Mayor	E. W. Cragin	"Aye"

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin	"Aye"

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore	"Aye"

Commissioner	C. R. Clark	"Aye"

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	"Aye"

Nays:	None.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners elected having
voted in favor thereof, the said motion was carried, and the said ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

On motion duly adopted it was ordered that said ordinance be numbered
353, and after approval by the Mayor shall be published as in said
Ordinance designated, and shall be recorded according to law.

E. W. Cragin

Attest:	Mayor

Helen Scott Reed.

City Clerk

(SEAL)

Also present:	City Manager, J. M. Murphy, City Attorney, C. Norman

Cornwall.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Richard Stadelman for

LAKES CORP.	a retail restaurant beverage license at the Twin Lakes Cafe on the Tonopah

	Highway for the second quarter of 1948 be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Mo re, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, hone.