Office of the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada
June 20, 1935

Minutes of A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 20th, day of June 1935 at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P. M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth
and Ward. City Attorney Ryland G. Taylor and Le Roy Whipple Deputy City Clerk. Absent City
Clerk, Viola Burns..

At this time J. A. Williams appeared before the board to ask permission to use water from
the City well for irrigation of his crops for a two weeks period beginning June 21st, Motion
was made by Commissioner Marble and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth that Mr. Williams be
given permission to use water from the City Well for a period of two weeks beginning June 21st,
and vote was taken as follows; Down, Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye., Noes None..

Mayor Arnett then presented a report issued by the Las Vegas Land and Water Company,
showing the consumption of water used in the City, setting forth that a waste of water existed
throughout the City and asking the Board of City Commissioners cooperation in taking steps to
prohibit such waste of water wherever it was possible to do so. Upon motion made by Commissioner
Marble and seconded by Commissioner Ward, the board went record favoring the following;;;

It appearing to the Board that certain complaints have been made to the effect that there
is unnecessary waster of water within the City of Las Vegas; and it also appearing, after
investigation, that the storage facilities for the city water supply are inadequate to preserve
and utilize for beneficial purposes the natural water supply at its source; that there is, in
fact, an abundance of water to supply this community and even a much larger community than the
City of Las Vegas if it is properly developed, preserved and stored; that the supply might be
preserved by adding to the present or establishing new storage facilities. And the Board being
desirous of preserving, developing and utilizing to the fullest extent the water and other
natural resources of the City for the benefit of its citizens, therefore be it.

"RESOLVED, that the Citizens of Las Vegas be and they hereby are requested to co-operate
with all concerned in the preservation and conservation of the water supply and that they avoid
any waste or unnecessary use of the City's water supply until the problem can be corrected,
or in the absence of such correction by the company, then to give the board an opportunity to
correct the matter." Vote being Down, Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.,
Noes .. None.

Commissioner Marble asked permission of the Board to grant him authority to turn over the
City Park for use on July 12th, to the 145th, Field Artillery - National Guard of Utah for camping
purposes. Upon motion made by Commissioner Down, and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, this
was granted, by a vote of the Board and instructions given to the City Clerk's office to write
a letter to Major W. J. Lyons c/o Commissioner Marble, setting forth that Mr. Marble Commissioner
of Streets, had been delegated to act in behalf of the City Commissioners in extending an
invitation to Major W. J. Lyons and the 145th, Field Artillery - National Guard of Utah to use
the City Park for their camping purposed on this date. Vote on same being, Down, Farnsworth,
Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye., Noes None.

Liability and Property Insurance Policy # 2016641 issued by The Home Indemnity Co, of
New York for one year beginning June 16th, 1935 to June 16th, 1936 and covering insurance on
Ford V. 8 Coupe used by the Electrical Dept, of the City., was presented to the Board with
claim for premium on same filed on prescribed City form by P. J. Gallagher in the amount of
$29.80. Vote authorizing acceptance and payment of same being , Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None  (Absent Down)

Taxi application for Jerry George together with the required Liability Insurance to
operate a taxi cab in the City of Las Vegas was granted and vote an same being, Farnsworth,

Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None ( Down being absent)

Bonds of D. Mackey as Chief of Police for $2,000.00 Ryland G. Taylor as City Attorney
for $1,000.00; T. M. Carroll as Municipal Judge for $2,000.00 and C. D. Baker as City
Engineer for $1,000.00 all issued by the American Surety Co. of N. Y. except bond issued
for R. G. Taylor being issued by The United States Fidelity and Guaranty Co., were approved
and accepted. Vote on same being Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye
Nods None.. (Down being absent)

Motion was made by Mayor Arnett and seconded by Commissioner Marble to appropriate
$25.00 from the City Funds and authorize Ryland G. Taylor to make six copies of the City
Ordinances for use by the City Commissioners.. Vote being as follows; Marble, Farnsworth,

Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None ( Down being absent)

At this time City Engineer C. D. Baker appeared before the Board and asked that
a resolution be adopted wherein" he could be authorized to act in behalf of and for the
City of Las Vegas to file such applications to the Federal Emergency Relief Administration
for such relief projects involving the use of labor, materials supervision and equipment
in which the City of Las Vegas may be interested. Thereupon the Board passed such a
resolution authorizing C. D. Baker, City Engineer, to file applications to the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration, the Nevada State Emergency Relief Administration, or its
successors, for work relief projects involving the use of labor, materials supervision and
equipment in which the City of Las Vegas may be interested; and designating him to sign for
the City the necessary papers in connection therewith, and furnish such information as the
Government may request. Therefore be it.

"RESOLVED. by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; that C. D.

Baker City Engineer, be and he is authorized to execute and file applications on behalf of
The City of Las Vegas to the Federal Emergency Relief Administration, the Nevada State Em-
ergency Relief Administration, or its successors, for work relief projects involving the
use of Labor, materials, supervision and equipment, in which the City of Las Vegas may be
interested; and he is hereby authorized and directed to furnish as the government may re-
quest, and sign for the City the necessary papers in connection therewith". Vote on the
foregoing being, Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor being Aye, Noes None,

(Down being absent)