OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 2nd, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 2nd day of April, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

All reports approved and placed on file.

Commissioner Hansell appoint to approve the bills of the Finance Commission-
er, due to the absence of that officer.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the
office of the Clerk.

Monies received as follows:

$1,680.45 Cemetery Lots, Licenses, fees.

1,679.50	Municipal Court Fines.

3,359.95

Monies proportioned as follows:

$2,400.00 Police and Fire Fund.

155.50	W. S. & L. Fund.

120.00	Cemetery Fund.

684.45 General Fund.

3,359.95 Total.

A draft of an agreement between the City of Las Vegas, and the Department
of Highways State of Nevada coverning the maintenance of the three established
Federal Aid districts in the City of Las Vegas and the proposed highway from Fifth
and Fremont Streets to the east City Limits was presented to the Board for Its
consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolve that draft of agreement coverning the maintenance of the three est-
ablished Federal Aid Districts and the proposed Federal Aid project be approved, and that
the same be executed in quintuple on behalf of the City of Las Vegas by the Mayor
J.F. Hesse, Commissioners of Streets and Public Places O.J. Smith, and attest by the
City Clerk Viola Burns, under the seal of the City, and have same delivered to the
Department of Highways State of Nevada the party of the second part for execution
on its behalf. That a copy of the executed agreement be filed with the City Clerk.

The same to be effective on the first day of April 1931.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye.

Attorney Noland appeared before the -Board at this time in regard to the
passing of an ordinance regulating electrical workers, having been retained by a
number of the electricians of the City to draft an ordinance.

Commissioner Thomas moved that the ordinance entitled, " An Ordinance
to amend sections 3 and 9 and to repeal section 6 of Ordinance No. 161 entitled, "An
Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture, and con-
nection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating
a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances, pro-
viding for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations for
electrical installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof and repealing
Ordinance No. 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the business
of doing electrical fixture and connection work providing for the examination of
persons engaged in the same, and creating an Examination Board, and providing a penalty
for the violation thereof', and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled 'An Ordinance Providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City
of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof', and repealing all or-
dinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this ordinance.

The proposed ordinance then came up for discussion. No decision was reached.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday April 6th, 1931 the hour of three o'clock P.M.