Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas. Nevada.

February 4th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas. Nevada held pursuant to adjournment on the above mentioned date: Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
Mayor and Members E.W. Griffith, John B. Curtiss, P.J. Sullivan, and E.E. Smith. with the Clerk
and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the question of over-hauling the old Court
House Building situated on block twenty in said City and formerly used by the County officers of
Clark County Nevada, it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith
and duly carried ordered that the City advertise for Bids on said building to be submitted to this
Board on the 10th day of February A.D. 1915 at ten o'clock P.M. of said day as per plans and specifications 

on file with the Clerk of this Board in the office of the City Clerk of said City. and it
was further ordered by the Board that the said City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to prepair
notice of said advertisement same to be inserted in the Las Vegas age and the Clark County Review
for one issue: the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith. aye,
John B. Curtiss, aye, E.E. Smith. aye, P.J. Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

Thereafter upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this Board
stand adjourned until Wednesday February 10th. A.D. 1915 at ten o'clock A.M. for the purpose of
opening said heretofore mentioned Bids. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Griffith. aye. Smith, aye. Curtiss, aye, Sullivan. and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. February 10th. A.D. 1915.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, held on the above mentioned date pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
with Commissioners Griffith, and Sullivan with the Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the opening of Bids as heretofore advertised by the Board
the Clerk then presented to the Board the following towit:- as constituting all Bids filed in the office
of City Clark.

" Las Vegas, Nevada. Feb. 10th, 1915. To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners in and for the

City of Las Vegas. Nevada. Gentlemen:- I hereby submit a bid as follows for repairs to the City

Hall as oar specifications.	$325.00

Respectfully submitted.

Supplementary Bid:-

Same work as included in above specifications , and in addition thereto the following :—

To remove partition and putting in 12 inch beam with post under center to support roof and ceiling
$360.00	Respectfully submitted. Jas. Nimock.



  "Las Vegas. Nevada. Feb. 10th, 1915. To the Honorable Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada. Dear Sirs:— I will furnish all material and labor necessary to make alterations on
old Court house building according to plans and specifications as furnished by Architect E.W.
Griffith, for the sum of Two hundred and seventy five dollars ($275.00 Respectfully submitted:-

R.C. Dodds.