GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Elwell moved the following additional gaming licenses he approved and

Additional	the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Approved	NEW YORK BAR	115 S. 1st	Auto. Amusements                1 Slot

JOE JULIAN'S LIQ. STORE                              2444 L.V. Blvd.	S.	Super	Scope	Coin	2	Cash Pin

4 Slots

CORK & BOTTLE	508 Fremont	Super	Scope	Coin	1	Cash Pin

CHARLIE'S LIQ. STORE	1511 N. Main	Super	Scope	Coin	3	Cash Pin

MAIN LIQUOR	418 L. V. Blvd.	N.	Super	Scope	Coin	2	Cash Pin

WESTERN LIQ. STORE	6 E. Charleston	Super	Scope	Coin	2	Cash Pin

HUNTRIDGE LIQUOR	1320 E. Charleston	Super	Scope	Coin	2	Cash Pin

DESERT SNACK BAR	222	N. Main	J & H Vending	2	Slots

NEW TOWN TAVERN	600	Jackson	Ave.	Kroloff Distr.	2	Slots

NEVADA CLUB	105	Fremont	105 Casino Club	1 Racehorse

Keno

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noeS; none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Robert C. Hawthorne as additional

Additional	owner in the slot operator license of the Hawthorne Coin Machine Components Company;

Owner	2544 E. Charleston; present licensee David F. Hawthorne; be approved on the basis

of favorable police report; and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
Hawthorne Coin Mach.                 to issue the license.

Components Co...

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Ira B. Williams for a slot operator

Change of Owner	license at Glenn Sales; 114½ S. 1st; present licensee W. H. Adams; be approved on

the basis of favorable police report; and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
Glenn Sales	authorized to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of William G. Martin and Virginia Martin

New	for a beer license at the Desert Snack Bar; 222 No. Main; be approved on the basis

of favorable police report; and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
Desert Snack Ban	to issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Joseph A. Gordon for transfer of his

Change of Name	package liquor license to The Keg Room; 25th & Bonanza; presently Modern Market;

and Location	121 Las Vegas Blvd. North; be approved subject to Building Department and Fire

Department final inspection; and Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
The Keg Room	issue the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Joseph A. Gordon for a beer bar

New	license at The Keg Room; 25th & Bonanza; be approved and the Supervisor of License

and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

The Keg Room

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioner Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Theo. R. Lawson for a  Special Events

Special Events	Liquor License for a dance with cocktails to be served on November 14, 1959; at

the International Union of Operating Engineers; Local #12 at 1526 No. Main; be
Int'l. Union of	approved on the basis of favorable Police Report and the Supervisor of License and

Operating Engrs.	Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Local #12

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Approved	Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Hotel El Cortez Enterprises for a

Change of Type	change from a Service Bar License to a Tavern License at the Hotel Showboat; 2800

Fremont be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
Hotel Showboat	the license.

Approved	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Cecil Lynch to change from a tavern

Change of Operation                          operation to a package liquor operation under a Tavern License at the Fortune Club;

22 Fremont; be held in abeyance until a full Board was present.

Fortune Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Held in Abeyance	Commissioners Elwell; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noeS; none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

10-7-59