222

Book 1 of Plats, Page 52, in the Office of
the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin

voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

GASOLENE TAX POLL	Commissioner Whipple moved that the City assist the County in the

	expense of conducting a poll for/or against the proposed gasoline

	tax on the same basis that it would receive taxed therefrom.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

GASOLENE TAX POLL	Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be authorized to

	expend up to $250 for the purpose of obtaining information relative

	to the adoption of the gasoline tax law, provided the City Attorney

rules that money can be used for this purpose. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting recess until March
29th at the hour of 3:30 P.M. for the purpose of acting on the
2nd quarter gaming and liquor applications and any other business
pending at that time. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:	,

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 29, 1948

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 29th day of March, 1948. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:30 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and

His Honor. City Manager J. M. Murphy and City Clerk Helen Scott
Reed. Absent:	City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS The following applications for liquor for the second quarter were
2nd Quarter-new	presented to the Board for their consideration:

George J. Adras, George's Cafe, 410 W. Bonanza Rd. Retail Rest

Bev.

G.	E. Bodell & W. A. Ritchie, Ritchie's Cafe, formerly The Rib,

407 Fremont,	Ret. Rest. Bev.

Marietta Parillo, Marietta's Rest., formerly Post Office Cafe,

231 N. 3rd	Ret.Rest. Bev.

First Nat'l Bank of Nev. Executor of the Estate of Ethel Rapaport,
Ethel's Liquor Store, 411 Fremont	Retail Liq. pkg.

First Nat'l Bank of Nev. Executor of the Estate of Ethel Rapaport,
Ethel's Liquor Store, 28 Fremont	Pkg. lig. mina.

Theodore R. Wall, Ted & Dot's Cafe, formerly Harold's Drive Inn

720 N. Main	Ret. rest. Bev.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications
be granted with the exception of George J. Adras, which be held for
further investigation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Edward G.Glass

EDWARD G. GLASS	for a retail tavern liquor license at the Turf Saloon, 203 North

	1st be referred to the City Manager for referral	to the Chief	of

	police for investigation and recommendation. Motion seconded	by

Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

GAMING	APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of	Dave Stearns	for

DAVE STEARNS	one race horse book at the Santa Anita Turf Club	and Bar, 113	E

	Fremont Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin

	and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

and Moore, voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Whipple and His Honor
Mayor Cragin.