Las Vegas, Nevada
August 20, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
20th day of August, 1958, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston 0. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 25275 through 24836 in the net amount

of $81,557.01 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES	Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of August 6, 1958 be approved by reference and the

Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation Permits,
PERMITS	as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be approved, and the Supervisor of License

and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

a.	Variety School PTA - Rummage Sales

b.	Valley View Golf Club - Advertising

c.	Mesquite Club - Raffle Tickets

d.	Lions 49'ers - Extension of sale of raffle tickets on jeep

e.	Henderson Fireman's Assn. - Advertising

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for gaming license be approved

New	and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

CHILI HUT	Leona Grundy	1608 Fremont	2	slots

H & H SPUDNUT	Paul W. Harr	923 E. Charleston	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOLLYWOOD SPORTSBOOK Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Clabe F. Hall for a license for one Sportsbook

at the Hollywood Sportsbook, 115 North 1st Street be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be

Additional	approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

AQUA HOTEL	Automatic Amusements	1401 South 5th	1	cash Pinball

NEVADA CLUB	105 Casino Corp.	105-113 Fremont	3	slots

ROUND UP LIQUORS	Automatic Amusements	1820 South 5th	1	big 6 	wheel

1 cash pinball

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Frank and Manuel Nash for license for 4 slot

Change of Owner	machines at the Park Market, 424 North 5th Street, formerly issued to Albert Goot, be approved

PARK MARKET	and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SILL'S AND TELL 'N	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Lake Company for license for 5 slot

TOTE	machines at Sill's Drive In, 1000 South 5th and Tell 'N Tote, 1000 South 5th, formerly issued

to Miller, Sill and Christian, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSES	The Commission considered the application of Hortense McKiernan for a Service Bar license

New	at the El Cholo Cafe. City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that this application

EL CHOLO CAFE	had previously been denied due to the fact that it was in an improper zone; however, the

ordinance has been corrected in this respect. He reported that the Police investigation on
Mrs. McKiernan is favorable, and there is sufficient seating capacity at this restaurant to
warrant the issuance of this type of license.

8-20-58