However, it might be well to again emphatically state that the Board agreeably with the
demand of the people, purposes to purchase you distribution facility if negotiations ulti-
mately lead to your submitting your facility at a fair price, which is suggested you do without
further delay; otherwise, it is proposed to build an entirely new facility for the distribution
of power to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas,.

By the authority of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada.

L.L. Arnett__________

Mayor.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble, Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward the following slot machine
licenses were granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the City clerk
to cover the same.

J.M. Sills for Wimpy's 2 machines

White Spot Cafe	3	"

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	24	"

L.L. Arnett	42	"

Jack Weisberger	1	"

Mayme Stocker	1	"

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward the following beverage and
liquor licenses were granted, Applications being in proper form and money on file with the
Clerk to cover the same.

J.A. Mortensen, retail beverage 5½%, 126 So. 1st St.

J.A. Mortensen, retail sealed package liquor, 126 So. 1st St.

J.P. Johnson, 113 No. 1st St. retail beverage 5½%

F.C. Hale, Tavern, 124 So. 1st St.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk be directed to write to G.E. Bodell in Boulder City and ask that he met
with the Board of City Commissioners at the Apache Hotel for lunch Thursday the 17th day of
October, to discussion matters of importance with the inter city police problems.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 18th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA OCTOBER 18th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 18th, day of October 1935 at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor L. L. Arnett, Commissioners, Jas. H. Down,

H. P. Marble, David Farnsworth, M. E. Ward, City Attorney Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy City
Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

Absent City Clerk Viola, Burns::

At this time a request from the local Chamber of Commerce that the City Commission use
such influence as needed to impress upon our Congressmen to secure the necessary aid in the
erection of our local school building. After some discussion on the matter a motion was made
by Commissioner Marble, Seconded by Commissioner Ward that any action of going further in
the way of sending telegrams to our Congressmen and Senators, be deferred until a subsequent meeting
of the Board. Vote on same being, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

A letter was read, which was received from Mr. M. C. Tinch, Chairman of the Local Fight
Committee of the American Legion, wherein an invitation was extended to the Mayor and the
Board of Commissioners to attend the local prize fights. Commissioner Marble moved that the City
Clerk's office be instructed to write to Mr. Tinch thanking him for the invitations to attend
the fights and accepting such invitation to attend. This motion was seconded by Commissi oner
Dave Farnsworth, and vote on same being as follows; Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and
Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

A motion was made by Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Down to instruct
the City Attorney to draft letters of invitation to Mr. W. F. Snider or such other proper
officials of the various smelting and refining companies (with the Mayor's signature and to as-
certain and secure such, or any information that might be necessary or conductive to such
companies in getting them to locate here in the future. Vote was as follows: Commissioners
Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.