Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this Board stand
adjourned until Tuesday February 17th, A.D. 1914. at 1:00 o'clock P.M. to consider any and all
matter that may come before it.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Feb. 17, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 17th, day of February A.D. 1914. pursuant to adjournment Present Hon.

W.E. Hawkins, Mayor, E.W. Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan Commissioners. with the Clerk and City
Attorney.

At this time the City Attorney presented to the Board a draft of Contract with J.A. Delameter
for the building of sidewalks and also a draft of bond in the sum of twenty five hundred dollars
thereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered
that said contract be and the same is hereby approved and that the Mayor and City Clerk be
and they are hereby authorized to execute said contract on behalf of the City of Las Vegas

Be it further resolved that the proposed sureties M.C. Thomas Jr. J.S. Wisner and J.J.
Lefurgey be and the same are hereby accepted as sureties on said bond in the joint and several
penal sum of $2500.00 and that the said bond be filed with the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada and attached to said contract.

Thereupon the Contract was duly executed and filed together with the duly executed bond
attached thereto.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned.

Office of the City  Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

March 4th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 4th, day of March A.D. 1914 present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Comm-
issioners Sullivan, Griffith, and Curtiss, Commissioner E.E. Smith being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as appears from claim book on file with
the Clerk of this Board, Reports of officer read and approved as read.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an application of L.R. Skinner and J.D. Kramer
whereby the said J.D. Kramer agrees to transfer all of his right and title and interest in
a certain saloon license in said City situated in the Colorado Hotel to the said L.R. Skinner
as per ordinance No. 33 of the said City and it appearing to said Board of City Commissioners
that said L.R. Skinner is a fit and proper person to have granted to him said permit it is
upon the motion of Commissioner Curtiss and second by Commissioner Griffith ordered that said
transfer be granted as prayed in said application, the vote being as follows towit:- Commiss-
ioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, and Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.