1.	Failure to bring the premises up to required Health and Safety requirements.

2.	Care of children in excess of the nine (9) authorized under the license.

3.	Failure to comply with written and verbal notice of corrections to be made
regarding the above.

The Clerk also read to the Board a letter received from Mr. and Mrs. Buettner indicating that the
following matters had been taken care of:

a.	Taken the hallway out — city permit #31691 leaving a room approximately
12' x 24'.

b.	Made storage space for blankets, sheets, bedspreads which I had no room
for in the other closet.

c.	In the bathroom the vanity and closet has been removed, making it larger.

d.	We now have "Melmac" dinner ware, stainless steel knifes, forks, and spoons.

e.	We have removed all cracked dishes.

f.	The swings were removed by the Blind Center.

g.	All doors now swing open wide.

h.	We repaired and built new fences, and still have one more to do.

i.	A new cover has been built on the pool.

j.	We have removed all personal things from the nursery.

k.	We have been asking the mothers to use the side door, entering into the new
room.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present from the Child Welfare Board. Mrs. Lillian Kaercher,
formerly employed as the Child Welfare Nurse appeared at this time. Mrs. Kaercher advised the
Commission that while the things listed in the Buettners' letter would be an improvement that
they had not taken care of all the violations.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mrs. Buettner how many children she has at the nursery now. Mrs.
Buettner answered that there are eight.

Commissioner Fountain then asked if it wasn't true that she had had as high as fourteen children
there. Mr. Buettner added that while his wife was away he had three women working at the nursery
that had a total of four children.

Mayor Baker stated that the main problem seemed to be that of general cleanliness and tidiness.

Mrs. Buettner advised that this has been overcome with the addition of closets for storing things.

Mr. and Mrs. Buettner stated that they would try to take care of all requirements.

Commissioner Fountain moved the license of John and Helen Buettner at the Bo Peep Nursery, 104
Baltimore Avenue be suspended for a period of thirty days, effective 12:01 A.M. September 19,

1958, until the nursery is brought up to code, and the premises be inspected by the Child
Welfare and Health Departments and any other department concerned and a report made to the
Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE - New	Consideration was given to the application of the B.P.O. Elks for a Service Bar liquor license

Old Ranch Supper Club	at the Old Ranch Supper Club, 904 North 5th Street. City Manager Kennedy advised that inspection

has been made and the premises have been approved.

Approved

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the B.P.O. Elks for a Service Bar liquor license
at the Old Ranch Supper Club, 904 North 5th Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the request of G. Patrick Kennedy to transfer the tavern liquor

Transfer	license formerly issued to him at Hernando's Hideaway, Nellis Boulevard and Van Buren to the

Hernandos Hide-a-Way	Firefly at 1713 South Main Street.

Denied

City Manager advised that the building meets the code, and the investigation on the applicant
is favorable.

Mayor Baker stated that there is a letter on file from the Clark County Licensed Beverage
Association, protesting the granting of this transfer.

Mr. Arthur Lurie, general manager of Market Town appeared and objected to the granting of
this license on the basis that there are not sufficient parking facilities and that the strip
shopping center is for families and he did not think it advisable to have this type of business
where there are children.

Mr. G. Patrick Kennedy appeared next and stated that the parking facilities had been investigated 
by the owners of the building and himself, and there would be no problem. He advised
that he had invested a great amount of money in this license, and had surveyed the city for the
best possible location, which he thought this was.

Commissioner Bunker stated that inasmuch as the Board has turned down many other applications
in this area and since the area is already saturated he moved the request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William Cosulas, doing business as Bonanza

Conversion	Beverage Company, 2744 Highland Drive to convert his Wholesale Beverage License to a

Bonanza Beverage	Wholesale Liquor License be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to

issue the license.

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, Bunker and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

9-17-58