Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Twin Lakes Shopping Center to rezone all of
that portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29, T20S, R61E which lies east of the Tonopah
Highway from R-1 to C-1 be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of Clyde A. Scheppele to rezone Lots 3 through
7, Block 1, Charleston Square #2, 1109-1131 South 17th Street, from R-2 to R-4. This
application was denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the application of the City of Las Vegas to classify Lot 1 and
the east 21.69 feet of Lot 2, Block 2, Huntridge #2 and the west 33.41 feet of Lot 2,

Block 2, Huntridge #1 as C-1. This application was approved by the Planning Commission.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this zoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Planning Commission that Block 1A and
IB and Lots 1-4, 37-54 of Block 2, Twin Lakes Village Lots 55 and 56, Block 2, Twin
Lakes Village #3; Lots 30-36, 5-8, and a portion of Lot 23, Block 2, Heers Subdivision
be rezoned from R-2 and R-3 to R-1.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
this rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker,	, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain passed his vote.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Manning Commission to rezone a portion
of Lot 3, Block 1, Jubilee Tract from R-3 to R-1; Lots 6-13 and a portion of Lot 3, Block
1, portions of Lots 7 and 8, Block-2; portions of Lots 7 and 8, Block 3; Lots 8 and 3 and
a portion of Lot 7, Block 4, Jubilee Tract from R-4 to R-3.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and the rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.
Consideration was given to the application of the Union Oil Company to rezone property be-
ginning at a point on the south side of Bonanza Road that is 30.02 feet south and 599.36
feet west of the NE corner of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E which is located
at the intersection of H and Bonanza, from M-1 to M-2. The Planning Commission denied
this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and this application
for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the application of J. W. Garehime to rezone property l40' by 100'
in Plot 4, Block 8, Artesian Acres, which is the northeast corner of 23th and Stewart Streets,
from R-E to C-2. The Planning Commission denied this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none, Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert L. Faiman for a Retail Beverage license
at Faiman's Village, 1000 Tonopah Highway be approved subject to the condition that the
beer and wine be displayed near the check stand.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for gaming licenses be approved:

D-X STATION INC.	A. D. Cook	333 North Main	2	slots

DESERT DRUG	C. R. Millhizer	F. & Van Buren	3	slots

FAIMAN'S VILLAGE	Robert L. Faiman	1000 Tonopah	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

REZONING -Z-26-56
Twin Lakes Shopping
Center

REZONING -Z-27-56
Clyde A. Scheppele

REZONING -Z-28-56
City of Las Vegas

REZONING -Z-23-36
Twin Lakes Village #1
& #3 &Heers Subdivision

REZONING -Z-31-56
Jubilee Tract

REZONING -Z-34-56
Union Oil Co.



REZONING -Z-36-56
J. W. Garehime

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Faiman's Village

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New