Those voting "Aye”:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay": 	     None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced
and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner
Whipple seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of
said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following
      result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed
upon its final passage.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted
as read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the
motion. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having
voted in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly
passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

 GAMING APPLICATION At this time the application of J. S. Pappas, 49er CLUB, 109 Fremont for
New	license for one crap table for the fourth quarter of 1951 was presented

49er CLUB	to the Board for consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the above mentioned gaming ap-
plication be deferred until September 26, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

 voting aye, noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn until September 26, 1951
at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



  City Clerk	Mayor

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING	Las Vegas, Nevada

September 26, 1951

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall
on the 26th day of September 7, 1951, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider
the following matters: