OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
FEBRUARY 19th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and German and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Smith and City Attorney Stevens.

At this time the members of the Board entered into a discussion of the City Budget.

City Electrical Inspector Payne and Sam. J. Shaw contractor for the new office for the
Clerk and Commissioners were present and plans were made for the installation of the lights
and outlets in the new building.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Tuesday the 24th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 24th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 24th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and City Attorney and Deputy
City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Smith and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that a gaming license for the operation of two tables be granted to Jack Butler. Said appli-
cation being approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas and being accompanied by One
Hundred Fifty Dollars the amount of license being required.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to act as Finance Commissioners

due to	 the absence of Finance Commissioner German. Said Bill to be approved was that of

Sam J. Shaw for $800.00 first payment on building for Clerk's office to be due when walls
were erected, and said walls were in place on this date.

The bid of Leo Roth of the L.V. Mercantile Co; was accepted for office furniture.

An Ordinance regulating dry cleaning establishments in the City of Las Vegas was
next considered.

No further business a pearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed

until	Friday the 27th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the Finance commissioner German presented to the Board for its approval
the budget for the year 1931.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the budget for the year 1931 be adopted as presented to the Board, and a copy of said Budget
be induced in the minutes of this meeting.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, end Smith and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.