Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Corradetti, and Mr. Krause the

Mayor Pro  tem.

Voting no; None

Absent and not voting,	Mayor Russell.

The matter of dedicating ground adjacent	to the	access road	from	Highway 91	to the Las

Vegas Municipal Airport for beautification purposes was considered at this time the following
Resolution was introduced and adopted:

R.E.S.O.L U T I O N

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, has recently acquired certain lands
in	Sections three (3) and four	(4) in Township	twenty	(20) South Range sixty-two	(62) East,

M.D.B. & M. for the purpose of	the acquisition	and development of	the Las Vegas Municipal

Airport , and,

WHEREAS it is necessary and essentia 1 that a highway be constructed into said airport
from State highway Route #6, Section D2, which is a part of U.S. Highway #91, over said lands
now owned by the said City of Las Vegas, and,

WHEREAS A map and plat of said proposed access highway has been submitted to and filed
with the City Clerk of the said City of Las Vegas by the Department of Highways of the State
of Nevada, and,

WHEREAS a description, by metes and bounds, of said proposed access highway has been
furnished to the said City of Las Vegas by the said Department of highways of the said State
of Nevada, and,

WHEREAS said map and plat shows, in blue color, certain lands contiguous to said access
highway which are desired to be used for park or beautification areas, and,

WHEREAS a description by metes and bounds, of said proposed park and beautification
areas has been furnished to the said City of Las Vegas by said Department of Highways of the
State of Nevada,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the following described lands be and the same are
hereby dedicated to the public for park and beautification areas, and the exclusive use
thereof, for park and beautification areas is hereby reserved to the public, to wit:

That piece or parcel of land bounded on the east by the east boundary line of said
Section four (4), on the South by the South boundary of the Northeast one-quarter (NE¼)
of the Northeast; one-quarter (NE¼) of said Section four (4), on the southwest side by the
northeast, fifty foot right of way line of the Airport Branch of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, and on the northeast side by the southeasterly, seventy-five foot,
highway right of way line, exclusive of that two hundred (200) foot public highway
established by the City of Las Vegas which is a part of the Airport Access Road.

Said above described lands shall be used only for the park purposes and beautification
areas and whenever the same shall cease to be used for said purposes, then the full title
to the same shall revert to and be vested in the said City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Gilbert proposed the adoption of the above and foregoing resolution
and the same Was seconded by Commissioner Ronnow and upon being put to a vote, the

same was passed and adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Ronnow , Gilbert, Corradetti ,and Mayor Pro tem

Krause.

Voting no:	None	Absent and not voting, Mayor Russell .

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and
carried that the Mayor Pro Tem Mr. Krause and City Clerk sign the form of agreement filed with
the Board from the Department of Highways, State of Nevada governing the size of signs or bill
hoards on ground owned by the City near the airport.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes none.

It was brought to the attention of the Board the necessity of purchasing four (4) fire
hydrants to be installed by the Las V gas Land & Water Co. while installing new water mains on
streets in the City of Las Vegas. This appearing as an emergency it was on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti moved and carried that the City purchase four (4)

Mueller Fire Hydrants at the cost of $76.00 each.

Vote commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Monday May 12th at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. on said day.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes,

none.

There upon said meeting recessed, until Monday May 12th, 1940 at 10 o'clock A.M.