Las Vegas, Nevada

December 21, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 21st day of December, 1955 was called to order at the
hour of 7.50 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Director of Planning 	Franklin J. Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner Sharp moved the hearing on the liquor license of the Bonanza
Bar, 4l8 West Bonanza be held in abeyance until January 18, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of D.H. Hand to rezone the South
208.71 feet of the North 6l8.b6 feet of the of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of
Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, save and except the West 301.94 feet thereof
from R-E to R-1. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that
this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted, and the above described property be rezoned from R-E to R-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye:, noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of Roy J. Pfleeger to rezone Lots
9 to 12, Block 1; Lot 1, Block 2; and Lot 1, Block 3 Biltmore Addition
from R1 to R-4. The Planning Commission approved the rezoning of Lots 1
and 9 to 12, Block 1, Biltmore Addition from R-1 to R-4.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and Lots 1 and 9 to 12 of Block 1, Biltmore Addition be rezoned
from R-1 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Louis Miranti to rezone Blocks
7 and 18; Block 6, except Lots 9, 15, 16 and b7; Block 19, except Lots 11,

19 and 20; and Block 30, except Lots 9 and 11 of Las Vegas Square Subdivi-
sion from R-1 to R-3 be deferred until January 4, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be authorized to condemn the
westerly ten feet of Lot b7, Block 6 of Las Vegas Square, fronting on Yale
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay;e noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Las Verdes Heights #1 be
approved subject to review of the street names and the drainage problem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of A. Nordeen for variance to
construct and eighteen foot wall for a sound barrier between the "Baby Tel
Nursery" and his apartments on property situated at 201 West St. Louis. The
recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this application for
variance be denied.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on this application be deferred until
January 4, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

12-21-55

BONANZA BAR
Liquor License

REZONING - Z-31-55
D.H. Hand

REZONING Z -35-55
Roy J. Pfleeger

REZONING - Z-34-55
Louis Miranti

CONDEMNATION
Las Vegas Square
Block 6 

TENTATIVE MAP
Las Verdes' Heights
No. 1 

VARIANCE - V-41-55
A. Nordeen 