OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

October 4, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on
the 4th day of October, 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner, with members Thos. R. Hodgens ,W.E. Arnold, and R.W. Gorton, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk, excepting as follows:
the claim of Ed. Von Tobel Lumber Company in the sum of $11.70 was ordered returned for credit for
cement sacks returned.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Gorton, that hereafter all city printing be divided evenly between the Las Vegas Age and the Las
Vegas Review. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Dr. E.C. Buletter, City Health Officer appeared before the Board and made a
statement regarding sanitary conditions in the City of Las Vegas, stating that for the most part
they had been found very satisfactory.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded
by Commissioner Hodgens that a statement be made in the local newspapers to the effect that hereafter
no communications will be considered by the Board unless signed with the name and address of the
writer. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license in the
city of Las Vegas, the same being in due form and having been properly approved by Fire and Police
Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Com-
missioner Hodgens, that a gaming license be issued to the said G. Lopez for 2 games. Voting Commis-
sioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of L.R. Skinner for a gaming license
(2 games) in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by
Commissioner Gorton, that a gaming license for 2 games be issued by the Clerk to the said L.R.

Skinner. Voting Commissioner Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license
games) in the City of Las Vegas, the same being in due form and having been heretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of
Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a license for 4 games be issued to
the said J.H. Morgan. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold end Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.

Noes, none.	

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargraves for a gaming license
(2 games ) in the City of Las Vegas, the same being in due form and having been heretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was ordered ,upon motion of Commissioner Gorton
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a gaming license for 2 games be issued to the said L. Hargraves.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J. Spellenberg for a gaming license
(2 games ) in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the same being in due form and having been heretofore
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton ,that a gaming license for 2 games be issued to the said
L. Hargraves. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the report of Frank Brickie as agent for the City of Las Vegas in the 
expenditure of funds appropriated for the improvement of the City and County Fair Grounds was pre-