469

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



ANNEXATION PETITIONS

BID NO. 53.28 -
Pickup Trucks

BID NO. 53.29 -
Sewer Manhole
Junction Boxes

BID NO. 53.25 -
Water line to
Sewer Plant

PUBLIC HEARING -
Variance Appeal
F.C.B. Inc.
V-23-53

YOUTH CENTER

DRIVEWAY PERMITS
H. N. Herzog

MASTER PLAN

REZONING APPLICATION
Harley A. King
Z-60-53

Denied

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1478 to 1483 inclusive in the net
amount of $39,278.50 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2464 to 2468 inclusive
in the total amount of $31,449.63 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of August 5 and 10, 1953 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time petitions for annexation were presented. Discussion was held and it was
decided to hold this matter over until September 2, 1953 in order that any other petitions
may be received.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that notice be given that petitions for annexation
will be considered by the Board on September 2, 1953 and that maps be submitted of the area
to be annexed to the City Engineer, giving sufficient time to check before the meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for opening Bid No. 53.28 for the furnishing of two pickups to the
City, bids were received from the following:

SELLMAN MOTORS	$4,990. 00

TED WERNER	No bid

Commissioner Jarrett moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager for checking
and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 53.29 for the lowering of two manholes
on Bonanza Road, there were no bids received. The City Manager was authorized to have
this work done.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bid of Allen & Failing for the installation of a 4" water line
to the sewer plant pursuant to Bid No. 53.25 in the total amount of $2,256.70 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the appeal of the
denial of the application of F.C.B. Inc. to construct a motel within 50 feet of the centerline
of Charleston Boulevard in an area which requires a setback of 90 feet from the centerline,
property situated on the south side of Charleston Boulevard near the intersection of Fremont
Street between Eastern Avenue and the Boulder Highway, the City Manager reported that the
State Highway Department had requested that this setback remain at 90 feet.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that in view of the fact that the State Highway De-
partment wants the right-of-way maintained at 90 feet, this application for variance be
denied, but this Company be allowed to place their sign within $0 feet of the centerline
of the highway providing they agree to move the same at their expense when requested by
the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Jarrett.

Mrs. Hutchison representing the PTA appeared before the Board and requested that $150,000
of the money from the sale of City Property be set aside for a Youth Center. Mrs. Hutch-
ison stated that her group had plans for a proposed Youth Center and would like to meet
with the Board on this matter. His Honor stated that the Board would be happy to meet with
them when the money has been received.

Mr. H. N. Herzog was present to request a 40 foot driveway on Mesquite Street, 56 foot drive-
way on 13th Street and a 36 foot driveway on 14th Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved Mr. Herzog’s requests for driveway permits be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp, Commissioner Whipple
passed his vote.

Discussion was held on the new Master Plan presented by the Regional Planning Commission
and it was decided to meet August 24, 1953 at 7:30 P.M. with the new Planning Commission
on this matter.

At this time the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of
Harley A. King and others to rezone Lots 1 to 12, Block 10, Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-3
to C-1 be denied, was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

8-19-53