1. To consider and act upon the application of the T.W.A. for permit to operate an airline
through the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, nevada.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated t is 1st day of April, 1937.

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

Jas. H. Down	H.L. Krause

Commissioner	Commissioner

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 1st, 1937.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 1st day of April
1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Perry, City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Krause.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that a telegram in the following form be forwarded to Senators Pittman and McCarran and Con-
gressman Scrugham, and to Postoffice Conference Committee; and Senate and House Committees:

Form of telegram, Las Vegas is extremely anxious to procure mail and passenger route from
San Francisco via Las Vegas to Albuquerque. House and Senate conferences are about to convene
to allot and earmark funds so that postoffice will advertise for new mail routes. It will be
of inestimable benefit to Las Vegas if some major airline should establish this route, which has
been approved by I C C. An air mail allotment over this route, we believe, will greatly enhance our
chances. Please, therefore, contact conferences with the view of urging earmarked air mail appropriation 

from San Francisco via Las Vegas to Albuquerque. To be effectual it must be attended
to immediately.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Roes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the following letter be forwarded to the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce:

April 1, 1937.

Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

This has reference to contemplated air mail, passenger, and express service
between Phoenix and Prescott, Arizona and Las Vegas, Nevada.

It is felt that with the growing commercial intercourse between western Arizona
and southern Nevada, that such an air mail route would be of inestimable benefit to all
of the cities named and to both the states of Arizona and Nevada in general.

We, therefore, heartily endorse this proposed plan.

Very respectfully,

By order of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas,

By Viola Burns, City Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Down, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.