	Mr. Smith made a motion that the report of said committee be approved. Motion

seconded by Mr. Clark, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The committee heretofore appointed to investigate the bridge around the radio control

 tower made its report at this time. Mr. Smith made a motion that the balance of payment due
the General Construction Company be held up until the work had been accepted by the committee
appointed. The Clerk to so notify the contractor. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

	Mr. Clark made a motion that the architect, Al L. Worswick, and the Contractor,

Walter J. Johnson be notified to appear at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	His Honor the Mayor directed that the matter of plans for markers for streets

of	Las	 Vegas	be referred to the city attorney.

	Mr.	Clark made amotion that insurance	be taken	cut	on	the	War Memorial Building

 under the five year plan for full value coverage. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote, Commissioners Smith, Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

	Mr.	Smith made a motion that either a	special or recess meeting be held	oh	the

28th 	day of August, 7:30 p.m. for the purpose of considering the 	report of Mr. George H. 	Wood

and that the Clerk notify all city officials and boards to attend. Said meeting to be
held in the District Court Room at the County Court House. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark,
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Mr. Clark made a motion that bids be let for care for the city dump. That plans

and regulations for said care may be obtained a t the city clerk's office. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that Mr. Rubidoux be given authority to set the date for the
motorcycle soft ball game and to take the necessary steps to protect the city against
any injury that might occur during the game. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that bids be let for 4 two and one half gallon fomite

fire extinguishers to be used at the city barn. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr.	Clark	made	a motion	that the bid of James Cashman for a 1½ ton truck in the

amount of $1310.0O	be accepted. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the	following

vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	At this time bids were opened on 2 40x8 heavy duty 1st grade tires, 12 ply.

and for two 40x8 heavy duty 1st grade truck tubes. Mr. Tinch made a motion that the bid
of James Cashman, it being the lowest bid, be accepted. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Mr.	Clark	made	a motion that a retail tavern license	be issued to Kroloff

Brothers	for	the fourth quarter.	Motion	seconded by Mr. Tinch	and	carried by the	following

vote, Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Mr. Clark made a motion that that portion of a certain motion heretofore made

on the 4th day of August, 1941 be rescinded namely:--- That the Sexton be allowed to
retain the fees for grave openings and for the sale of markers; further that the salary
be raised from $130 per month to $175. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by
the following vote, commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

	Mr. Rubidoux made amotion that the Head of the Cemetery Board be allowed any

expenses incurred on behalf of the city in accordance with a former motion. Motion
seconded by Mr. Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch,

Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting a ye. Noes, none.

Mr. Clark made a motion that we recess until August 28, 1941 at 7:30 P.M.,
to reconvene again at the District Court Room in the Clark County Court House.