NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP	SCHEDULE	DOLLARS

Szpotowski, Francis	Police	2-3	24	381-403

Theobald, Robert	Police	3-4	24	403-426

Washington, Isadore Jr.	"	3-4	24	403-426

West, Robert	"	3-4	24	403-426

Wiess, John	"	2-3	24	381-403

Hunter, Mickey	Street	4-5	21	360-3&L

Keller, Flora	"	2-3	16	244-258

Barr, Larry	Sewer Maintenance	4-5	20	341-360

Hughes, Willie	"	4-5	20	341-360

Williams, Lavern	Street	Lighting	2-3	23	360-381

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MOTORCYCLE PURCHASE 	Mr. Kennedy requested permission to purchase three motorcycles and radios for the
	Police Department. He stated there are two 1954 models that need to be replaced

and the Department needs one additional motorcycle for the additional people in
this division. Mr. Kennedy said that there was only one firm that could supply
American made motorcycles as of the last time we went to bid for these pieces of
equipment. The City Manager requested that permission be given to check to see
if the same situation still exists. If it does exist a negotiated purchase is
requested which will mean that a purchase order in that amount will be presented
at the next meeting. If this situation does not exist and there is more than one
dealer, the City Manager requested permission to prepare the bids and advertise.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be granted permission to negotiate
for the purchase of three motorcycles if there is only dealer of American made
motorcycles, and if there is more than one dealer to advertise for bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FIRE DEPARTMENT BADGES 	The City Manager presented the purchase requisition from the Fire Department for
	the purchase of badges and cap pieces. Mr. Kennedy reported that bids had been

secured from two firms and the lowest bid was that of the Los Angeles Stamp and
Stationery Co. in the amount of $1,520.48.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 196 to Los Angeles Stamp
and Stationery Co. for badges and cap pieces in the total amount of $1,520.48 be
approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FEDERAL PRISONERS	Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the contract with the

CARE CONTRACT	Federal Bureau of Prisoners for the care of Federal prisoners in the City Jail.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REFUND OF LIQUOR	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Hortense McKiernan for refund of her

LICENSE DEPOSIT	deposit with her application for a service bar license at the El Cholo Cafe, 625

South 5th Street in the amount of $600.00 be approved and the Comptroller authorized
to issue a warrant in this amount.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Leo Gelson for transfer of the tavern liquor

Transfer of Location 		license of the Swinging Door Saloon from 111 North 1st Street to 119 North 1st

Street.

Swinging Door Saloon

Mr. Murray Posing appeared on behalf of Mr. Gelson and presented a letter from David
Zenoff stating the intent of the owners of this property to build a building for
Mr. Gelson if the Commission approved this transfer.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Leo Gelson to move the tavern liquor 
license of the Swinging Door Saloon from 111 North 1st Street to 119 North 1st Street
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WASHINGTON AVENUE	The City Manager reported that petitions have been received from the property owners

IMPROVEMENT	in Brentwood Park requesting the paving of Washington Avenue from Decatur to Pyramid.

Mr. Kennedy stated that some of this work has been done, but there is considerable 
work that must be done in the excavation. He also reported that some of the
right-of-way must be obtained. Mr. Kennedy stated that the City will continue to
work on this but it is not scheduled to be completed for at least eight to ten
months, and only then if the right-of-way is secured. He advised the Commission
that a letter has been sent to the petitioners advising them of these facts.

PETITION FOR VACATION 	Mr. Kennedy presented the petition of Andrew Johnson for vacation of a portion
North 6th Street	of North 6th at the intersection of Ogden Avenue.

Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for vacation of a portion of North 6th Street
be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WARM AIR HEATING	The City Manager advised the Commission that Wayne Barnes has successfully passed

CERTIFICATE	the examination for a Master Certification for Warm Air Heating, and requested

	permission to issue this Certificate.

1-22-58