City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 57.15 for the supplying of electric
lamps for the fiscal year be awarded to the only bidder, Osborne Electric Company.
Mr. Kennedy explained that the 45% discount was the same as the City has previously
been receiving.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 57.15 be awarded to Osborne Elec-
tric Company, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.16 for the supplying of fertilizer to
the City for the fiscal year be awarded to Garden Center, the low bidder.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.16 for the furnishing of fertilizer be
awarded to Garden Center in the total amount of $9,176.72 and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 57.17 for the furnishing of grass seed to
the City for the fiscal year be awarded to the low bidder, Desert Nursery.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 57.17 for the furnishing of grass seed
be awarded to Desert Nursery in the total amount of $1310.00, and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager reported that Bid No. 57.18 for the furnishing of gravel to the
City for the fiscal year was bid under three items, and recommended the award be
made as follows:

Item No. 1	- Type II Gravel - Award to Wells-Stewart $1.49 per cu. yd.

Item No. 2	- No award

Item No. 3	- Chips - Award to Las Vegas Bldg. Materials $2.06 per cu. yd.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Item No. 1 of Bid No. 57.13 be awarded to Wells-
Stewart Construction Company in the total amount of $29,800.00, and Item No. 3 of
Bid No. 57.18 awarded to Las Vegas Building Materials in the total amount of
$10, 300.00, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contracts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Zellerbach Paper Co. on Bid No.

57.19 for the furnishing of Maintenance Supplies to the City for the fiscal year,
being the only bid submitted, be accepted. Mr. Kennedy advised that the Alter-
nate bid of this firm in the amount of $1720.00 should be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.19 be awarded to Zellerbach Paper Com-
pany, in the total amount of $1720.00, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.20 for the furnishing of Reproduction
Supplies to the City for the fiscal year be awarded to Mercury Blue Print Company
in the total amount of $1428.68. Mr. Kennedy explained that the other bid originally
appeared to be the lower bid, but when tabulated it was found that Mercury Blue
Print's proposal was low.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 57.20 for Reproduction Supplies be awarded
to the low bidder, Mercury Blue Print Company in the total amount of $1,428.68 and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

As requested by the Commission at the last regular meeting, Field Engineer Ken
Hansen gave a report on work being made on certain items required by the Board in
conjunction with the approval of the final map of Morning View Heights #2.

Mr. Hansen reported that the sub-surface drainage check has been completed. He
stated that his Department had recommended on the street design that certain lots
be elevated from l8 inches to 22 inches. He reported that he had discussed with
the Engineer on the subdivision the installation of a retaining wall in that area
where the drainage is felt to be a potential problem, and the Engineer had indi-
cated that the Subdivider would comply in this regard.

Engineer Hansen stated that there still remained additional checking to be done,
and a further report would be made in this regard.

BID NO. 57.15
Electric Lamps
Award

BID NO. 57.16
Fertilizer
Awarded

BID NO. 57.17
Grass Seed
Awarded

BID NO. 57.18
Gravel
Awarded

BID NO. 57.19
Maintenance
Supplies
Awarded

BID NO. 57.20
Reproduction
Supplies
Awarded

MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
NO. 2

Progress Report