174

WHEREAS, all applications for loans to finance major housing construction
projects in the State of Nevada must first be filed with said branch
Office at the City of Reno for preliminary consideration and then forwarded
by said office to the main area office in San Francisco, California, for
further and final consideration and disposition, thereby entailing an ex-
panded period of time before such loans may be consumated and necessarily
resulting in the delay of essential construction, now, therefore, be it

RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 8th day of December, 1947,
that it respectfully urge upon the Federal Housing Administration the
imperative need of the City of Las Vegas for the expeditious determination 

of applications for loans on building construction in the City of Las
Vegas, and as a means of  equating such result to establish in the state
of Nevada a main area office where such applications may be acted upon
and disposed of with finality, and be it further

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby ordered and directed to
forward a copy of this resolution to the federal Housing Administration in
Washington D. C. and to the members of the congressional delegation of the
State of Nevada.	

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed /s/	E. W. Cragin /s/

City Clerk	Mayor

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted
and a copy forwarded to our representatives in Washington D. C.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

RESOLUTION NO. 1ll The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:
Re: aid to Indians

RESOLUTION NO. 1ll

WHEREAS, the American Indian is a ward of the United States, and his welfare,
and well-being is a responsibility of the Government of the United States,
and

WHEREAS, the Indians on the Navajo Reservations have for some time past
and are at present in destitute condition and suffering acutely for want
of food, clothing, medicine and medical care, and

WHEREAS, every humanitarian instinct and every sense of governmental
responsibility dictates the need for immediate aid to the Navajo Indians
who face cold and hunger this winter, now, therefore, be it	

RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
regular meeting thereof held on the 8th day of December, 1947, that it
respectfully urge the members of the congressional delegation of the
State of Nevada to take every advisable step to procure the adoption
by the Government of the United States of all measures deemed necessary
to bring immediate aid to the Navajo Indians to alleviate their present
distress and generally ameliorate their economic condition, and be it
further

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to send a copy
to the Congressional Delegation of the State of Nevada.

ATTEST: /s/ Helen Scott Reed	E. W. Cragin /s/

city Clerk	Mayor

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be approved
and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting adjourn until December 22 at
the hour of 2:00 p.m. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried 

by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

Attest:

Approved:

city clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 15, 1947

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special