Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, September 6th, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 6th day of September A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. with Commissioners
Matzdorf, Elwell, Ball and Hicks present with the Clerk and City Attorney present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed except the Claim of F.A. Waite for the sum of $365.00 which
was rejected upon the grounds that the same was not a legal charge against the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell
aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Nones none.

At this time the question of increasing the salary of the night Policeman came on before the
Board and it appearing to the Members of said Board that said Frank A. Waite is entitled to an
increase in salary it was then upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner
Ball and duly carried and ordered that the Salary of the Night Policeman be and the same is hereby
increased from the sum of $125.00 to $150.00 the same to take affect at once and to be allowed for
the month of September as other Bills against the City are allowed and paid, the vote upon said resolution 

being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting No.

This being the time set for the second reading of ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada the Clerk then proceeded to read said ordinance in full where upon motion being duly
made and carried it was ordered that that part of section three referring to lights on
cars standing be stricken from said ordinance, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of
the Board of said ordinance it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by
Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be and the same is hereby passed
as appears more fully under ordinance No. 66 in ordinance Book Number one of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, the vote upon said ordinance being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf voting aye,
Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

At this time it was brought to the attention of the Commissioners that certain members of

Commissioner Matzdorf, and seconded by Commissioner Ball permission be and the same is hereby granted
to the Las Vegas Fire Department for the use of the following named streets for there labor day
celebration towit:- Fifth, street, Stewart street, Main street, Garcia street, and Fremont street
and in was further ordered by the Board that all members of said Fire Department be and they are hereby
deputized as special officers for those days with out compensation, the vote upon said resolution
being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regulars meeting of said Board unless
called together sooner by the Mayor of said City.