BUILDING INSPECTOR:	  Commissioner Rubidoux moved that O.J. Morling be hired as building

O. J. Morling     inspector at a salary of $200 per month beginning as of October 1st,
hired	1942. Gasoline to be obtained from the city pump. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.

R. B. ELSER:	 Commissioner Tinch moved that Mr. Elser be allowed his pay while on

Vacation	vacation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and voted on as

follows:	Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Noes, Acting

Mayor Smith.

SETBACK on	Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter of setbacks on Fremont

FREMONT	 be referred to the Planning Commission. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

GARBAGE DEPT.	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the garbage department, concerning

Moved to West	the clerical work, be moved to the West Wing. Motion seconded by

Wing.	Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.

REPORT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the report of the Cemetery Board relative

Cemetery Board      to Plot D-l and D-2 landscaping and the prices of lots contained therein

 be accepted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

VACATION	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that LeRoy Whipple be granted a vacation

Roy Whipple	beginning October 16th to 31st inclusive with pay. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

REPORT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the report of the Golf Board be accepted.

Golf Board	 Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith
voting aye. Noes, none.

MUNICIPAL

AIRPORT DEPOT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that 6 davenports and 6 chairs be purchased

Furniture	from Pacific Desk Company if available at the price quoted. If not

that the old furniture be renovated. Said furniture to be used in the
Lobby of the Municipal Airport Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, Acting Mayor, Smith, voting aye. Noes, none.

BID - let	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for a second hand car

car - Recreat-      for the Recreation Department and that any car purchased be checked
ion department.     by the city mechanic. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

SWIMMING POOL	A letter from the Superintendent of Recreation was read recommending

 that their Board appoint a committee to investigate the possibility
of building a swimming pool and reporting back to the Commission as
soon as possible. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said recommendation
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,

Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITORIUM	 Letters were read from Mr. Garside, Capt. Commerford and Mr. Losee

use	regarding use of the auditorium of the War Memorial Building. Mr.

Losee was directed to confer with Capt. Comerford and Mr. Garside
and report at the next regular meeting the result of his conferences.

CLAIM	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of C. E. Cowert for return

C. E. Cowert	of $100 cash bond as plumbing contractor be allowed. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of E. W. Cragin for $20

Burglary insur-     covering renewal of burglar insurance policy be granted. Motion
ance.	  seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting
aye. Noes, none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that $30 be allowed for the payment of 5

5	volumes on	 volumes on fire protection. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux

fire protection     and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and

his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of the United Plumbing and

United Plumbing     Heating Company in the sum of $21.33 be allowed. Motion seconded by

&	Heating Co.	Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

PLANNING ENGINEER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the action of the Planning Board

Salary	  regarding the raise in salary for Mr. Petrie from $250 to $350 per

month as of August 1st be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

LOADING ZONE	Commissioner Tinch moved that upon recommendation of the Planning

5th & Carson	Board a loading zone be established at 5th & Carson on the north side

 of Carson for the Modern Cleaners. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,

Rubidoux and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.