Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
March 3, 1920.

Present Commissioners C. E. Pembroke, Howard Conklin and his Honor the Mayor W. E.
Ferron and the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the resignation of W. E. Arnold, City
  Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, whereupon motion of C. E. Pembroke and seconded by Howard
Conklin it was duly carried, ordered that the resignation of the said W. E. Arnold be and the
same is hereby accepted.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 7, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 7th day of April,
1920. Present Hon. W. E. Ferron with Commissioners Howard Conklin, Lou Martin and C. E. Pembroke,
with the Clerk and the District Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read. 

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this

Board.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the following petition;

"We the undersigned citizens of Las Vegas present this
petition to the Honorable Board of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, asking
their assistance and support, within them vested by the Citizens of Las
Vegas.

We the property holders of third street, Las Vegas, do
petition and ask that a sidewalk be built on the West side of Third Street,
from Odgen Street to Clark Street.

Signed	Property represented.	Signed Property repres.

R. H. Schaeffer	2	lots	Peter	Pauff	2	lots

Mrs. R.E. Lake	1	lot	H.	O.	Johnson	2	lots

Ed Von Tobel	7	lots	P.	S.	Parker	2	lots

Mrs. Ed. Von Tobel	2	lots	B.	R.	Jefferson	4	lots

L.A. & L.H. Rockwell	E. R. Bailey	2 1/2 lots

by L.H.R.	2 lots	Chas. O. Snyder	2 lots"

which was read in fall and upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said petition
be referred to the Street Commissioner and he be instructed to gather all information and data as to
the cost valuation and any other matters pertaining to the construction of said side walk and re-
port the same to the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners so that the Board may
properly consider the matter.

The clerk then presented the following communication to the Board

"To the Honorable Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Whereas: We the undersigned, citizens and business men of the City of Las
Vegas, believe that the present ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, govern-
ing the licensing of gambling, is excessive; in that the business done in
Las Vegas does not justify the collection of one hundred and fifty dollars
per quarter.

And unfair and unjust; in that its collection at so much per house, discrim-
inates against such places of business which can only afford to conduct one or
two tables as against such as can afford to conduct four or five tables.

Therefore: We the undersigned petition that the present ordinance be modified
to reduce the license and the same to be collected at so much per table, in
stead of at so much per house.

Signed:	Al. James	John Irish

Cleto Aguirre	A.	T. Gilmore

Lon Grosbeck	G.	Lopez

Geo Carlin	John F. Miller

D. Pecetto	F. J. Pearce"

whereupon it was ordered that the City Attorney be and he is hereby instructed to prepare an ordin-