We, the undersigned Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the above and foregoing Notice of Special meeting, and hereby certify that it was im-
possible to make service of the same upon Commissioner L.B. Hansell for the reason that
he was at the date of said notice and ever since has been absent from the State of Nevada
and his whereabouts not easily or readily obtainable.

Dated this 7th day of October, 1932.

E.W. Cragin	R.W. Thomas

Mayor	W.B. Mundy

W.C. German

City Commissioners.

Roll call at said special meeting showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Com-
missioners German, Mundy and Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

It was called to the attention of the Board at this time that W.G. Morse, Municipal
Judge of the City of Las Vegas had passed away this morning, and on motion of Commissioner
German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED, Whereas, we, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, having received notice of the death this 7th day of October
1932 of W.G. Morse, for several years last past Municipal Judge of this
City, and for at least twenty years a valued and honored citizen of this
community, and

Whereas, his record as such Municipal Judge has been characterized by
wisdom, fair dealing and unquestionable honesty, and his judicial acts
tempered at all times with mercy, in such manner that the best interests
of the City and the ends of Justice have at all times been duly served
and the cause of the unfortunates with whom he had to deal, treated with
due and charitable consideration,

NOW THEREFORE, on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, its officials and
citizens we hereby express the great sorrow that is felt at the loss
of this valued officer and citizen, and also express heartfelt sympathy
towards his relatives and friends in their bereavement.

Let this Resolution be entered upon the minutes of this Board and the

records of the City, and copies thereof transmitted to his near relatives.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to order flowers sent in the name of the City of Las Vegas
to the funeral.

The matter of appointing a municipal judge for the City of Las Vegas was next brought
before the Board for consideration.

After due consideration on the matter Frank McNamee Jr. was upon mot ion
of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy appointed Municipal Judge for the City
of Las Vegas, to hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners, and to qualify by
taking the official oath of office and filing a surety company bond in the sum of Two Thous-
and Dollars.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
OCTOBER 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy and Thomas, W.C. German,

Mayor Pro Tem, City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Hansell.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that all
slot machine application presented to the Board at this time be granted. Applications being in
proper form and money to cover same being on file with the clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy end Thomas, and Mayor Pro tem
German voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to write W.R. Bracken, of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company
and inform him that the City had placed a man at the site of the old dump ground for two weeks
directing people to the site of the new dump ground recently purchased by the City and the
State could prosecute any one found using the old dump ground since the new one has been pro-
vided. The Clerk was also directed to call Mr. Bracken's attention to the condition of the side-
walk at the north side of the Las Vegas Land & Water Co. Rooming house at Second & Lewis Sts.