PROPOSED VACATION—
Boulder Street

SWIMMING POOL BIDS —
Bid Awarded

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 5, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this 5th day of June, 1946. Meeting called to
order at the hour of 10 A. M. by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners
Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman
Cornwall; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen
Scott Reed.

This being the time heretofore set for Southern Nevada 

Industries Ltd. to appear before this Board at a hearing to
show cause, if any, why the dust, noise, confusion and
traffic congestion of heavy trucks existing at their place
of business should not be declared a public nuisance and
their license revoked.

At this time Robert Jones, Esq. of the firm of Jones, Wiener
and Jones, representing Southern Nevada Industries Ltd.,
submitted three petitions signed by businessmen in that
area. Mr. Jones stated that all of the people objecting
to Southern Nevada Industries Ltd. operating from their
present location had entered into business long after
Southern Nevada Industries Ltd. was established. Mr. Jones
also stated that the Southern Nevada Industries Ltd. was
situated on the only two truck routes in the City and how
could anyone object on that basis when trucks were parked
along this road at all hour of the day and night.

Madison B. Graves, Esq. of the firm of Morse & Graves, 

representing the objectors, answered Mr. Jones' statement
alone the lines that the Southern Nevada Industries Ltd.
does create a noise and interferes with the Health and 

property of the surrounding inhabitants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the Planning
Commission relating to a petition to vacate Boulder Street
between Main Street and 2nd Street be filed, and that the
petitioner be advised that this vacation cannot be acted
upon at this time because of conditions outlined in the
said report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates made the following statement: "Your
Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Clark, and City Council, Ladies and
Gentlemen. It give me indeed a great deal of pleasure
at this time to make the motion accepting the bid of the
Fleetwater Pool Company In the sum of $89,800.00 for the
construction of swimming pools for the City of Las Vegas,
which we have needed for some time."

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent; Mayor Cragin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
recess until June 5 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent; Mayor Cragin.