Commissioner Whipple then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing 
ordinance. The question being upon the adoption of the said ordinance, the
roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye; Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting any: None. Absent:

Commissioner Sharp.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Whipple
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting he and the same are hereby 
suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said
ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye: Commissioners 
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting any: None. Absent:
	Commissioner Sharp.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the question being upon its passage,
the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay: None. Absent:

Commissioner Sharp.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners present having
voted in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly
passed and adopted.

Commissioner Bunker moved this emergency ordinance be numbered 762.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT - U-13-57 	At this time Mr. Leonard Wilson appeared before the Board on behalf of the Calvary 
Calvary Lutheran Church 	Lutheran Church concerning the bond requirement for off-site improvements
	in connection with the Use Permit granted for the construction of the church at

800 North Bruce Street. He stated that when this use permit was approved on
October 16, 1957 the Commission waived the bond requirement, providing the general,
contractor furnish a completion bond covering the installation of off-site improvements. 
Mr. Wilson advised the Board that the contract had been awarded to
the Helgeson Construction Co., and that Mr. Helgeson had requested that in lieu
of posting a completion bond, he be permitted to assign a cash deposit in the
sum of $20,000.00 to the City of Las Vegas and the Calvary Lutheran Church. Mr.
Wilson further stated that this request had been checked with the City Attorney's
office and they had been advised that such a procedure was legally possible.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved Mr. Norman J. Helgeson be permitted to put
up a cash bond in the amount of $20,000 to cover the off-site improvements for
the Calvary Lutheran Church.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At the hour of 8:40 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of
8:55 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE	City Manager Kennedy	reported that the General Fund Balance after payment of the

	Service and Material and Payroll Warrants was $911,035.03. He stated that included 

in the Service and Material Warrants there was $628.44 from Capital. Operating, 
$72.07 from the Bond Fund and $656.18 from the special alley improvement.

TERMITE EXTERMINATION	Mr. Kennedy stated that bids had been secured for the extermination of termites

City Hall	in the City Hall and the area surrounding the building. He recommended that the

bid of A.G. Williams in the amount of $1395 be accepted. Mr. Kennedy stated that
this was not the lowest bid, but it is not believed that this work can be accomplished 
by the low bidder in the amount of $543.50.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Requisition No. 1129 to A.G. Williams in the
amount of $1395 for termite extermination at City Hall be approved, and the 
purchase order issued, said work to commence immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

GOLF BOARD	The City Manager advised the Commission that there is a vacancy on the Golf Board

due to the fact that Robert Lookabaugh has left town, and recommended that Mr.

Ralph Legion be appointed to fill this vacancy.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Ralph A. Legion be appointed as a member of the Golf
Board for the unexpired term, said appointment being until June 30, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

3-5-58