Commissioner Bunker moved that a purchase order to the Graid Equipment Company in the
Total amount of $1,665.33 for parts for the Shovel, be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	The City Manager requested permission to purchase a steam sterilizing dishwasher for the

Dishwasher	Police Department. He reported that recently there were three cases of active Tuberculosis

in the jail, which endanger the employees and the other prisoners. He stated that the
cost for the installation of this piece of equipment is $2,071.05.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a purchase order to Dohrman Restaurant Supply Company
for a dishwasher for the Police Department in the total amount of $2,071.05 be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

COMPLAINT	City Manager Kennedy advised that there has been another petition filed, complaining about

Child Nursery	the operation of the child nursery at 2006 Fairfield Avenue.

Commissioner Sharp moved this complaint be referred to the Child Welfare Board for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FRONT-END LOADER	The city Manager requested permission to secure bids for the lease-purchase of a front-

Lease-Purchase	end loader for the City.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be given to secure bids for a front-end loader.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT - Lease	The City Manager presented the agreement prepared for the lease of land to Ebbie Davis for

Ebbie Davis	the construction of a fence at 30th and Bonanza and requested authorization for the Mayor

to sign this agreement.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the lease with Ebbie
Davis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor Voting aye; noes, none.

RELEASE OF PRISONERS     City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for the Mayor to release the following

prisoners:

Edward Parish
Leslie N. Sanchee
Vay Charles Simmons

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor be authorized to release the aforementioned Prisoners
at the City Jail.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE (V-8-58)	The Commission again considered the request of Melvin Campbell for a variance to utilize

Melvin Campbell	a portion of the required rear yard for patio and equipment shelter at 1700 South 14th

Street, between St. Jude and St. Joseph Circles (Lot 21 and part of Lot 22, Block 3;

Marycrest Estates), in an R-1 zone.

Commissioner Sharp moved that because of the shape of this lot that the application of
Mr. Campbell for variance be granted, and he be allowed to build the patio and equipment
shelter according to the plans filed in the Building Department; provided construction
shall be such that the area within seven (7) feet of the property line is completely
unobstructed and further provided that the materials and architecture shall conform to the
existing house and the addition shall never be enclosed in any way or made into a room, and the
following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
at a regular meeting held on the 20th day of August, 1958, having considered the application
of Melvin Campbell for variance to utilize a portion of the required rear yard for patio
and equipment shelter at 1700 South 14th Street, between St. Jude and St. Joseph Circles
(Lot 21 and part of Lot 22, Block 3; Marycrest Estates), in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment that this
application be denied, and the Board having further considered information in support of this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Melvin
Campbell for variance to utilize a portion of the required rear yard for patio and equipment
shelter as provided above on the described property, be and the same is hereby approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE FIRE STATION William Morse, Esq. was present relative to the proposed lease-sale of the Huntridge Fire

Station to Dr. Ross Sutherland.

The Commission determined that this matter should be placed on the agenda for the meeting
of September 3, 1958 and that all parties interested in this property be notified to attend.

8-20-58