RESOLUTION

American Legion ----- - Las Vegas Post #8

BELIEVING in the Principals set forth in the Preamble to the Constitution of
the American Legion and reaffirming the obligation 'To Safeguard and 

Transmit to Posterity, the Principals of Justice, Freedom and Democracy' and the
obligation to the Community, State and Nation, and in the theory and ideals
of Free Americanism, AND

BELIEVING that these principals and the obligations arising therefrom are at
the present time in greater danger of extinction than at any other time in the
history of our nation:

BE IT RESOLVED, by Las Vegas Post #8, the American Legion:

THAT this post on on record as being opposed to any form of government
of any form of legislation, whether it be municipal, county, state or
national which has for its design and effect the systematic stifling
of the American system of free enterprise and competition in business,
commerce, industry and the profession and the usurpation of private
right to freely engage in such by any system of restrictive license for
reason of numbers engaged therein or class, creed or color.

 

THAT this post go on record as being opposed to any system or form of
controlled economy and particularly by the use of restrictive, arbitrary
and discriminatory licensing systems and practices whether instituted by
legislative bodies or applied by examining, licensing or other boards.

THAT this post go on record as being in favor of a system of reasonable
regulation and licensing, extending to all as free citizens the right
	to enter all lawful business, commerce, industry and the professions,

as free enterprise and competitive without restriction, restraint or
regard to numbers then or thereafter engaged therein or to class, creed,
or color, unless by the will of the majority of the voters of the 

municipality, county, state or other political subdivision affected, it shall
have been otherwise provided.

THAT this post recommend to our legislators and to the next state 

legislature that the activities of all semi-legislative, examining and 

licensing state boards be investigated and scrutinized with a view to 

discouraging restrictive, arbitrary and discriminatory practices and controls
affecting free enterprise and competition and bringing their organization
and operation squarely within the American Principals of equal rights,
liberty, freedom, justice and democracy for all.

THAT this resolution be memeographed in sufficient copies and distributed
to the Veterans Organizations throughout the State of Nevada and to the
service clubs and organizations in Clark County urging the adoption and
passing of like action within their respective areas and to all 

legislative bodies and semi-legislative, examing and licensing boards in
Clark County, and the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and 

carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following new
applications for slot machines be granted;

Gus Corey	4th and Fremont	2	 Slots

C/M Travis	812 Fremont	2	 Slots

A. Kroloff	118½ N. 1st	2	 Slots

J. F. Miller	13 Fremont	2	 Slots

C.M. Travis	526 S. 5th	2	 Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the applications of the
Nevada Biltmore at 600 N. Main Street, for a tavern
license, cocktail room, cabaret license, and gaming
license covering one crap, two "21" games, one Roulette,
16 slot machines, and the application of the El Cortez
Hotel, 600 E. Fremont for one tavern license, one
cocktail lounge be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

SLOT MACHINE APPLICATION
New

COREY'S FINE FOODS
L. V. LIQUOR STORE
LIL HORSESHOE CAFE
JOHN F. MILLER
YE KINGS BARBER SHOP

NEVADA BILTMORE
EL CORTEZ