558

to west boundary of Meadows Addition; Boston Avenue from
east boundary of Meadows Addition 470 ft vest; Chicago
Avenue, Philadelphia Avenue, St. Louis Avenue, Cleveland
Avenue, Cincinnati Avenue, from Fairfield Avenue to vest
boundary of Meadows Addition; Chicago Avenue and Phila-
delphia Avenue from east boundary of Meadows Addition 441
ft. west; St. Louis Avenue from east boundary of Meadows
Addition 416 ft, vest; Baltimore Avenue from existing manhole
in south 5th Street to vest boundary of Meadows Addition;

Fairfield Avenue from 145 ft. north of center line of Baltimore
Avenue to Cincinnati Avenue; all of the streets hereinabove
mentioned being located in the Meadows Addition to the
City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

-...--oOo———

RESOLUTION 194

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, Hannaford and Talbot was the successful bidder on the West Charleston Sever
Bonds, and

WHEREAS, the bid of Hannaford and Talbot vas conditioned upon the bonds being approved
by bonding attorneys, and

WHEREAS, it is the opinion of the bonding attorneys that said bonds are not valid due
to insufficient notice being given, and

WHEREAS, the City Attorney has advised that such notice given complies with the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas for Sever Improvement Bonds,	

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, at a meeting thereof held on the 11th day of October, 1950, that notice of
withdrawal of the bid of Hannaford and Talbot be accepted, and that the City Clerk be and
she is hereby authorized to publish notice for the resale of the said bonds in their
present form and without the necessity of an approving opinion of bonding attorneys.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

--oOo--—--
RESOLUTION 195

Commissioner Peccole moved the following resolution be adopted and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on the 7th of July, 1950, vas the owner of
certain property under lease to the United States Government for military aviation
purposes, and

WHEREAS, under provisions of Chapter Two of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
said City of Las Vegas did by resolution, passed and adopted by the Mayor and Board of
Commissioners, on the 7th day of July, 1950 at a regular meeting thereof, authorize the
Mayor and City Clerk to execute a deed conveying to the United States Government the
above mentioned property, subject to a condition of reverter on a portion of the said
property, and

WHEREAS, the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, vas instructed and directed
to sign a stipulation that the full, fair and just compensation for the said property
vas the sum of $1.00, lawful money of the United States, and

WHEREAS, it has since been determined that it is for the best interest of the people of
the City of Las Vegas that the resolution, herein above mentioned, should be rescinded.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a special meeting thereof held on the 13th day of November, 1950 that the resolution
adopted and approved on the 7th day of July, 1950 authorizing the Mayor and City Clerk
to convey certain lands to the United States Government be, and the same is hereby
rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Moore, Peccole and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.