GENERAL FUND	City Manager Kennedy	reported that the General Fund Balance after payment of Service and

BALANCE	Material and Payroll	Warrants is $743,717.49. He stated that the gross payroll is estimated

at $104,000.00; that $28,361.48 was taken from the Bond Fund; that there has been transfers
to accounts within our own accounts in the amount of $180,000.00.

CHANGE OF NAME	Mr. Kennedy reported	to the Board that he had been in contact with Grant Stewart, President

Fifth Street to	of the Chamber of Commerce, and discussed with him the renaming of Fifth Street to Las Vegas

Las Vegas Blvd.	Boulevard and the possibility of placing the name change into effect July 1, 1959 so as to

give all of the persons involved sufficient advance notice of the change.

Mr. Cedric Olson of the Chamber of Commerce appeared at the request of Grant Stewart,
President of the Chamber of Commerce to emphasize the fact that they felt the change would
only be effective it it were through the City of Las Vegas, the County, and North Las Vegas.

The City Attorney was instructed to prepare an appropriate resolution for presentation to
the Board of City Commissioners at the next regular meeting to be held October 15, 1958.

The resolution to declare the intention of the Board of City Commissioners to change the
name of Fifth Street to Las Vegas Boulevard effective July 1, 1959, and to place the people
on notice to that effect.

BOND	City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of Southern Nevada Disposal Service, Inc. to be

Southern Nevada	permitted to submit to the City a $75,000.00 Bond in lieu of the Trust Fund required by the

Disposal Service,	City to cover advance collections of garbage fees.

Inc.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City Manager be authorized to contact Southern Nevada
Disposal, Inc., and indicate the willingness of the Board of Commissioners to accept a
$75,000.00 Bond in lieu of the Trust Fund requirement provided the Bond is submitted to the
City Attorney for approval to his satisfaction; that all requirements of the Trust Fund are
met in the bonding provisions and further provided that the bond, after approval by the City
Attorney shall be submitted to the Board of City Commissioners for formal approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BUSINESS & PROFESSIONAL City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that the Business and Professional Women are to

WOMEN	meet in the Mayor's Office at 10:00 A.M. next Tuesday, October 7, 1958, as they did last

year to visit the City Offices in conjunction with National Business Women's Week. They
hope to meet with the Mayor and members of the Board of Commissioners who may be able to
be there and also to extend invitation to them to be their guests at a luncheon.

CITY MANAGERS	Mr. Kennedy requested authorization to attend the City Managers Conference in Dallas,

CONFERENCE	Texas. He stated that he will leave the City October 17, and return October 27, 1958.

Commissioner Sharp moved that City Manager Kennedy's request to attend the City Managers
Conference in Dallas, Texas from October 17 through October 27th be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker asked if there was anything else to be brought before the Board.

DR. SUTHERLAND,	Mr. Elmo Bruner appeared before the Board and asked if a proposal or letter had been 

Huntridge Fire Station        received from Dr. Sutherland regarding the Huntridge Fire Station.

The Acting City Clerk reported that no letter had been received. Mr. Bruner stated that
if was his understanding that a letter had been transmitted to Mr. Morris, Attorney for
Dr. Sutherland, to be presented to the City Clerk prior to this meeting. The letter was
supposed to have stated that Dr. Sutherland was not submitting a proposal because the cash
requirement was too high, but if the City would entertain a proposal other than cash, Dr.
Sutherland would be interested in submitting a proposal.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 9:00 P.M.
Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 15, 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
15th day of October, 1958, was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Princ. Civil Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

Absent:	Mayor		C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants in the estimated net amount of $85,000.00 for

the pay period October 1 through October 15, 1958, be approved.

10-1-58 & 10-15-58