The Clerk was then directed to return the certified or cashier checks as the case might be
to the firms having bids over the two named as low bidders.

The meeting then recessed until the hour of 3:30 o'clock P.m.

thirty

Meeting called to order by the Mayor, E.W Cragin at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
with the Mayor, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Mundy and German, and City attorney and Clerk
present, also City Engineer Thompson, and Consulting Engineer W.L. Benham.

After some discussion on the matter of the kind of pipe, clarifier, and other units
to be used in the installation of the sewer system and plant the following Resolution was
introduced and passed;

Upon motion of Commissioner L.B. Hansell seconded by Commissioner W.B. Mundy the
following Resolution was duly adopted;

BE IT RESOLVED, that the bid of the Fuller Construction Company, of Dallas, Texas, for the
construction of sanitary sewer system and disposal plant in accordance with the plans and
specifications heretofore adopted, be and the same is hereby accepted subject to the following
conditions:

1.	That the contract price of same shall be the sum of One Hundred six Thousand, five
hundred ten and 54/100 Dollars ($106,510.54) as shown by the tabulation of unit bids,

2.	That the basis of the award shall be use of Dorr Clarifier, digestion and mechanical
equipment; vitrified clay pipe, with asphalt joints; Wallace-Tiernan Chlorinator. 

3.	That the said bid is accepted upon the further condition that the same shall not be in
effect until the sale of the bonds now being advertised.

4.	That before final contract shall be entered into the said bidder shall present satis-
factory evidence to this Board that the said bidder is qualified to do business in the State of
Nevada as a public contractor in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada.

5.	That the certified check now deposited with this Board in the sum of $7000.00 may be
held by this Board for a period not to exceed ninety days from the date hereof to await the ful-
fillment of the conditions hereinabove specified, the same to be released to said bidder im-
mediately upon the execution of the contract and the furnishing of surety company bond as pro-
vided in the specification s and general conditions of the contract.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
certified check be returned to the Standard Paving Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
two slot machine licenses be granted to Sam P. Lipkin for the operation of two slot machines
at the Metro Store, Applications being in proper order and money to cover the same being on file
with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of (Commissioners held on the 4th day of Nov.

1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner Mundy to approve the bills of the Water, Sewer and
Light Dept. owning to the absence of Commissioner Hansell of that Department.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Moneys received for the month of October as follows:

$5,072.00 Municipal Court Fines.

130.00	Sale Cemetery Lots

172.50	Plumbing Permits.

3.676.25	City Licenses and fees.

9,050.75	Total

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$5,500.00 P and F Fund.

3,248.25	General Fund.

130.00	Cemetery Fund.

172.50 W.S. & L. Fund.

9,050.75	Total.

Minutes of all previous meeting read and approved.

Dr. W.S. Park and A.L. Worswick appeared before the Board in regard to the amending of
the present Building Code now in effect in the City and offered their services in regards to
the amending and revising of said code.