Bids for the purchase of six (6) signal lights and materials for the installation of same
opened at this time and handed the Purchasing Clerk for tabulation. Same to be presented to
the Board for its consideration at the next recessed regular meeting.

Two demands upon the City made by persons having children injured in what is known as the
Meyers Fire demanding certain settlements by said City and stating that said City would be sued
by the interested parties if said payments were not received were read to the Board, and on motion
of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that the demands
be filed with the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes

none.

ho further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Monday the
17th day of February 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Krause voting aye. Noes

none.

Mayor Russell ask that the Clerk call the roll of the following Mr. Clark, Mr. Gore Mr.
Kaltenborn and Mr. Smith and it was found that each of the above were present.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To, Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be held
in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's Office Friday the 7th day of February, 1941
at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following:

1. To authorize the Mayor and Clerk to sign payroll and demand registers numbering 460 to 467 in-
clusive, and to sign the lease with the National Guard for the rental on the Memorial Building.

Dated this 7th day of February, 1941.

John L. Russell,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nev.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING
To John L. Russell, Mayor and to Pat Clark,

R.J Kaltenborn, Wm. Gore, and A.F. Smith Sr.

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby called to be held in the Board of Commissioner's Room in the City Clerk's Office, Friday
the 7th day of February, 1941 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following:
To authorize the Mayor and Clerk to sign payroll and demand registers numbers 460 to 467 inclusive
and to sign the lease with the National Guard for rental of the Memorial Bldg.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due notice of
the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

John L. Russell	Pat Clark, William Gore	A.F. Smith, Sr. R J Kaltenborn

Mayor	Commissioner Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners as called by Mayor Russell on
the 7th day of February, 1941 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Clark, Gore, Kaltenborn, and Smith and Viola Burns,

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Absent City Attorney Austin.

On motion of Commissioner Gore seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved and carried that
Warrants Nos. 460 to 467 be allowed with the exception of Nos 464-18, 465-6 and 467-7. and that
the Mayor and Clerk sign the same.

Vote Commissioners Clark, Gore, Kaltenborn and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Commissioner Gore seconded by Commissioner Kaltenborn it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk sign the form of lease on file with the Clerk for lease of War Memorial
Building to the Nevada National Guards.	

Vote Commissioners Clark, Gore, Kaltenborn and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The business being concluded for which this meeting was called on motion of Commissioner
Gore seconded by Commissioner Clark it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote commissioners Clark, Gore, Kaltenborn and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.