OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 19th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett Commissioners Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down and City Attorney.

Mr. R. Fyhen, Ed Martin Walter, Bill Faber, Ward Wright and Victor Jolley appeared before
the Board and spoke in behalf of the repeal of the City Ordinance governing "Picketing" in the
City.

No action was taken on this matter but the gentlemen appearing before were assured that
the matter would be given serious consideration in the very near future.

The City Clerk was directed to write the Las Vegas land and Water Company and inform them
that the alley between Fremont Street and Carson Street from Main Street to Fifth Street was
badly in need of repairs, and to request that the water line placed in said alley must be put
in first class condition at once so that the alley might be repaired. That the the poor con-
dition of the water lines had caused this condition to exist.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Monday the 23rd day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 23rd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 23rd day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, and
Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

A letter from A.R.Tipton, of Boulder City asking permission to bring into the City of
Las Vegas about fifty (50) houses from Boulder City, was read to the Board.

Said letter was referred to C.D. Baker, City Building Inspector for investigation and report.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following order of the Board of Commissioners be issued:

ORDER OF THE BOARD______

It heretofore appearing to the Board that it was necessary, convenient, beneficial and
advisable to made certain improvements upon the City streets and within the area as herein
after described, and it further appearing that the Board heretofore ordered the City Engineer
to prepare and file with the City Clerk plats, diagrams and estimates of expense of such im-
provements for public examination, and it further appearing that thereafter notice was given
by publication and posting for the time and in the manner as required by the City Charter of
the time when the Board would meet and consider any suggestions and objections by parties in
interest of the proposed improvements, and it further appearing that the said time was set for
the 23rd day of November, 1936, ay the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of the said day at the City
Hall in the City of Las Vegas, and it further appearing that the owners of more than one-half
of the frontage be be assessed have not filed written or any objections thereto, it is therefore

ORDERED by the Board that the improvements upon the streets and the area described in the
said notice to be made; that is to say the following described streets within the city, to-wit:
All of Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to and including its southern most end; All of
Seventh Street from its north end where it intersects with the Union Pacific Railroad
grounds, south to and including Garces Street; all of Eighth Street from Mesquite Avenue
to and including Clark Street; all of Ninth Street from Stewart to Fremont Street; all
of Tenth Street from Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Eleventh Street from from Ogden to
Fremont Street; All of Linden Avenue from Sixth Street to to Seventh Street; all of
Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Stewart Avenue from Fifth
Street to Ninth Street; all of Ogden Street from the a ley between Fifth and Sixth
Streets to Ninth Street; all of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of
Bridger Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Lewis Street from Fifth Street
to Seventh Street; all of Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Bonne-
ville Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Charleston Boulevard from
Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Garces Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street;
all of Division Street from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; all of Fifth Place.
to be improved with oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters, excepting such
portion thereof as may now contain both oil bound gravel or concrete pavement and concrete curbs
and gutters, and it is further

ORDERED that the expense thereof be paid approximately fifth-five percent (55%) thereof
from revenues to be derived from special assessments upon the lots and parcels of land abutting
upon and adjacent to the said streets according to benefits, and approximately forty-five (45%)
thereof to be paid from a special fund to be granted by the United States Government for that
purpose, and it is further

ORDERED that the said district so above described shall be known as and call "The Las
Vegas 1937 Improvement District Number 3".

Vote on the above order was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.