Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create, shall be
designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3, and shall include all the lots,
premises and property to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting on said streets
and parts of streets, excepting those lots, premises and properties fronting, adjoining and abutting
on the following described street, to-wit:

The extension of Oakey Blvd from existing manhole at South Fifth Street to the point
Oakey Blvd intersects with "A" Street at the east boundary of Meadows Addition.

Section 5. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet at the City Hall
in said City on the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and con-
sider any suggestions, and objections that may be made by parties in interest -to the proposed impro-
vements or any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements or any matters
relating thereto may be filed in writing at. the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said
meeting.

Section 6. That the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams and
plans of the work and locality to be improved together with the estimates of expense thereof on file
in her office for public inspection and examination, and shall give notice of the filing of said ex-
timates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvements
or work, of the location of the improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time the
Board will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest
to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by publication for at least two weeks in
the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas every day each
week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, and at least fifteen days prior to said meet-
ing by posting said notices in at least three public places in each ward and by posting said notice
in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site
of said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO INSTALL A SANITARY SEWER SYSTEM ALONG CERTAIN
STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS, TO CREATE SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-3, AND TO
DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREFOR.

NOTICE IS hereby GIVEN that on October 25, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make
certain public improvements by installing a sewer system along certain streets and parts of streets there-
in, composed of eight and ten inch vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required,
to create a special assessment district designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3
therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to front-
age against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets in and along which the Board proposes to install ten inch vit-
rified clay pipe, are the following:

From existing manhole at South 5th Street and Oakey Blvd westerly along extension of Oakey
Blvd to the point Oakey Blvd intersects with "A" Street at the east boundary of Meadows
Addition; south along east boundary of Meadows Addition, also known as "A" Street, to
center line of New York Avenue; New York Avenue from east boundary to west boundary of
Meadows Addition.

The streets and parts of streets in and along which the Board proposes to install eight inch
vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

South along east boundary of Meadows Addition, also known as "A" Street, from the center
line of New York Avenue to center line of Boston Avenue; Fairfield Avenue from New York
Avenue to a manhole 123 ft south of center line of St. Louis Avenue; from manhole in Fair-
field Avenue 123 ft south of center line of St. Louis Avenue; across Fairfield Plaza to
Boston Avenue; thence to west boundary of Meadows Addition; Boston Avenue from east bound-
ary of Meadows Addition 470 ft west; Chicago Avenue, Philadelphia Avenue, St. Louis Avenue,

Cleveland Avenue, Cincinnati Avenue, from Fairfield Avenue to west boundary of Meadows
Addition; Chicago Avenue and Philadelphia Avenue from east boundary of Meadows Addition
442 ft west; St. Louis Avenue from east boundary of Meadows Addition 416 ft west; Baltimore
Avenue from existing manhole in South 5th Street to west boundary of Meadows Addition;

Fairfield Avenue from 145 ft north of center line of Baltimore Avenue to Cincinnati Ave-
nue; all of the streets hereinabove mentioned being located in the Meadows Addition to the
City of Las Vegas.

Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3 shall include all the lots, premises and pro-
perty to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets,
excepting: those lots, premises and properties fronting, adjoining and abutting on the following des-
cribed street, to-wit:

The extension of Oakey Blvd from existing manhole at South Fifth Street to the point
Oakey Blvd intersects with "A" Street at the east boundary of Meadows Addition.

Said ordinance adopted and approved October 25, 1950, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the
work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for
public inspection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons
interested are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and 5th Streets
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 15th day of November, 1950, at 3:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and
consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improve-
ments, or any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relat-
ing thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.
Unless the owners of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections
thereto, such improvement or work shall be ordered.

Dated this 25th day of October, 1950.

City Clerk

(SEAL)