247

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Ernest M. Krabbenhoft
Pioneer News Stand, 124 N. 1st for a retail beverage license be referred
to the Police Department for recommendation:	Motion seconded by Commissioner

Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission
ZONING CASE #54	dated May 28th, 1948 relative to zone	exception case #54 Lots 6 & 7,	Blk 7

LOTS 6 & 7, Blk 7	Boulder Addition be approved. Motion	seconded by Commissioner Moore	and

Boulder Addn.	carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and

	His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

	Commissioner Whipple moved that Paul McDermott be reappointed to the Housing

HOUSING AUTHORITY	Authority of the City of Las Vegas for a four year term. Motion seconded by

OF THE CITY OF LAB	Commissioner Moore and carried by the	following vote:	Commissioners	Baskin,

VEGAS	Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none,



There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting recess until May the 27th, 1948
at the hour of 3:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 27, 1948

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, met in recessed regular
session, pursuant to due, legal notice and call, at the regular meeting place of
said Board in Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 27th day of May, 1948, at the hour of
3:30 o'clock P.M.

The following members of the Board of City Commissioners were present:

Mayor	E.	W.	Cragin

Commissioner	R.	T.	Baskin

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Also Present:	J. M. Murphy, City Manager, Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk.

His Honor, E. W. Cragin, called the meeting to order and stated that in accordance
with the provisions of an ordinance passed by the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on April 23, 1948, that there had been published
in full compliance with law, a notice advertising for sale $350,000.00 general