TRAILER PARK
Non-compliance
Clem Malone



TENTATIVE MAP
Twin Lakes Estates
No. 1

VARIANCE
E.W. Fountain
V-21-55



USE PERMIT

Kax Corporation

U-24-55

8-3-55

At the hour of 9:05 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened
at 9:20 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Mr. Clem Malone appeared before the Board at this time to explain the
reason for non-compliance in the installation of a trailer park on H
and Owens. A petition protesting trailer park was presented to the
Commission on June 1, 1955 by the property owners in adjoining area.
Representation of the petition and pictures showing installation of a
wire fence instead of a block wall were made on July 20, 1955.

Mr. Malone stated that the plans showing a wire fence on the property
had been approved by the Board. He said that he intended to plant
oleanders along this fence, which will separata the trailer park from
the residential area.

Mr. Massie Kennard appeared before the Board at this time in protest
to the wire fence and the drainage situation at the trailer park.

The matter was referred to the City Engineer for investigation of the
drainage of this trailer park and report back to the Board.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of Twin
Lakes Estates No. 1 - NE¼, SE¼, Sec. 30, T20S, R61E, MDB&M. This map
was approved by the Planning Commission subject to check of drainage
by the Engineering Department and agreement with the Las Vegas Union
School District on the school site.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the tentative map of Twin Lakes Estates
No. 1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The application of E.W. Fountain to develop and maintain property as
an off-street parking lot for tenants of an adjoining commercial
building at 313 North 6th Street (Lot 8, Block 2, Bucks Subdivision)
was considered by the Board. This variance was approved by the Board
of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of E.W.
Fountain for a variance to develop and maintain property as an off-
street parking lot for tenants of an adjoining commercial building at
313 North 6th Street be approved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of August, 1955, having
considered the application of E.W. Fountain for a variance to develop
and maintain property as an off-street parking lot for tenants of an
adjoining commercial building at 313 North 6th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of E.W. Fountain for a variance to develop and maintain property as
an off-street parking lot for tenants of an adjoining commercial building
at 313 North 6th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Commissioner Fountain passed his vote.

At this time the Board considered the application of Kax Corporation
to convert six existing triplexes to professional offices not to
exceed twelve suites on property located at 1900-1934 E. Charleston,
between Burnham and Crestwood Avenues (Lots 1 to 6, Block 1, Crestwood
Tract #5). This use permit was approved by the Board of Adjustment
because this property abuts on a primary majorhighway and it has been
the policy of both Commissions to grant this type of use in this area.
This permit was approved subject to the condition that the property
owners at their own expense install the off-site improvements and
complete the service road in the manner required of other property
owners on East Charleston between Crestwood and Eastern Avenues.

Commissioner Whipple moved that public hearing on this use permit
be set for the regular meeting of the Board on September 7, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.