OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY ,NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. July 18, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 18th day of July, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield, and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney add City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioners Shield, the following

Resolution was adopted and ordered spread upon the minutes of the Board, and the Clerk was
directed to transmit a certified copy of said Resolution to the Board of County Commissioners
of Esmeralda County, Nevada.

WHEREAS the City of Goldfield, Esmeralda County, Nevada, has bean laid waste
by fire, and

WHEREAS the citizens of said city have suffered great losses as a result
thereof, and

WHEREAS the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, bewail the catastrophe which has overtaken our
sister city to the north,

NOW, BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that this Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, in regular adjourned session assembled,
hereby extends its sympathy to the citizens of Goldfield and of
Esmeralda County for their great loss and hereby expresses its desire
to be of service to them in their misfortune, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby directed
to send a certified copy of this Resolution to the Board of County
Commissioners of Esmeralda County, in the care of the County Clerk.

Said resolution was passed on the following vote; Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell,

and His Honor the Mayor, voting Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by
Commissioner Shield, that the Board adjourn until Thursday, the 19th day of July, 1923, when it
hall meet to further consider street paving and such other matters as may come before the Board
at that time.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY
NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. July 19,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
lark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of July, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, together with Commissioners A.R. Anderson C.R. Shield,
and W.H. Elwell, and the City Attorney and City Clerk. Commissioner W.E. Arnold was absent.

The Board took up the matter of determining the course of the proposed highway through
the city of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System, to be built with Fed-
eral Aid, and also the matter of the material to be used in the construction of said Highway.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board deems it to the best interests of the City of
Las Vegas that the proposed highway through the City of Las Vegas to
connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System be selected as running