of the operation of said Club and

WHEREAS, we are unable to effectually control the same because
the Club is outside of the City limits.

NOW, THEREFORE, Be It Resolved that we the City Commission of
the City of the City of Las Vegas acting by virtue of the aforesaid
premises do hereby request that the Board of County Commissioners acting
by and through the Director Control Board do revoke the liquor and gambling
licenses under which the Harlem Club is now operating in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada.

/s/ A. F. Smith, Sr.__________________________

Mayor pro tem	

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed_______

City Clerk

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same and a copy be for-
warded to the Board of County Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem 

Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

H. L. HENDRICKSON	Commissioner Corradetti moved that Project Payment Number 1 in the sum of

AND COMPANY -	    $3,000 be made to H. L. Hendrickson and Company for the Water Control Project.

PROJECT PAYMENT

NUMBER ONE	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

SEWER DISPOSAL	    Commissioner Bates moved that the Purchasing Agent be instructed to purchase

PLANT	a portable sterling pump from the Sterling people for the sum of $275.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
    voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

USO BUILDING CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that claim from the Standard Wholesale Supply

Company in the sum of $115.26 and the claim of the Hanson Trucking Company,
in the sum of $65, making a total of $180.26	and representing materials	 

and labor for the U. S. o. be paid, and that	the City Clerk notify the

U. S. O. that no further claims will be paid	by the City of Las Vegas	 

unless by special action of the Board of City Commissioners, and authorized
by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

AMERICAN RED CROSS J Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized

to sign the proposed lease with the American Red Cross and the City of
Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE J A proposed Ordinance entitled ”An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas

licensing, for purposes of regulation and revenue every kind of lawful
business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the
corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada:	Fixing the

rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of
said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any
such business without a license, and repealing ordinances numbered 1, 2, 4,

13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184,

192, 243, and 244, and any Ordinance in conflict herewith."

Mayor pro tem Smith stated that in compliance with Section 30 of the
City Charter, as amended, the following committee is appointed to
review the foregoing proposed Ordinance and bring recommendations
before the Board at their convenience.

Mayor E. W. Cragin, Commissioner Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and Smith, City Clerk, Deputy License
Collector and the City Manager, Charles C. McCall.

ZONING	Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the Joint Planning

Commission relative to moving houses into restricted residential dis-
tricts be referred to the City Attorney with the request that he submit
a ruling at the next regular meeting of the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

ORDINANCE 290	  An Ordinance entitled, ”An Ordinance to amend Section 11 of Ordinance

ADOPTED	No. 250 of the City of Las Vegas entitled, ”An Ordinance regulating the

sale of milk, cream and other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas:

Defining standard for milk and cream: Providing for the issuance of
permits for the sale of milk and cream and the revokation of such permits: