Bids on the drilling of the well being received from the following:

C.C.Brown	J.H. Miser

Lloyd Jennings	James Filby

Terry Deskin	R.A.Anderson.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that the bid of	McWilliams for

the laving of the pipe line being the lowest bid, for the pipe line and it being in excess
of the bid of J. H. Miser for the drilling of the well, the low bid on the drilling of the
well on motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the bid of J.H. Miser and Fred Reim his partner be accepted, and the City to enter into
a contract with them. Said contract to be signed by the Mayor, Attest by the Clerk under
the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of appointing a Fire Marshall was next brought before the Board, and
on recommendation of H. Case, Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, L.H. Rockwell was
appointed to that office.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 3rd day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

May 3rd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 3rd day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

This being the time set for the hearing of any protests or objection against the
proposed laterial improvement to the sewer system in the City of Las Vegas, and a number
of persons being present to object to the improvement the Board at this time heard their
objections. John Miller and C.D.Baker were present and voiced their objections
at this time. A written protest was presented to Board, and upon motion of Commissioner
Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the Clerk check the said protest
and report to the Board at an early date the result of the check in regard to the number
of qualified property owners signing said protest. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
all slot machine applications for licenses presented to the Board at this time be granted.
Applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to wire the Nevada Industrial Commission to ascertain if that Com-
mission is ready to take over about Fifty Thousand Dollars worth of the Sewerage Bonds that
said Commission was purchasing from the City of Las Vegas. (Fifty Thousand Dollars worth
of the One Hundred Twenty-eight Thousand Dollars worth purchased already having been
taken up.)

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance creating the office of Fire Marshall, defining
his powers and duties," was read for a. first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further Business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.