publicity so that all persons interested would be aware of the fact that this
ordinance is being considered for adoption.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 13, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,

Bingo & Race Horse	NEVADA, 1949 BY PROVIDING LIMITS ON THE NUMBER OF BINGO LICENSES AND RACE HORSE

Book Limitation	BOOK LICENSES WITHIN THE CITY, AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING

THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple
for recommendation.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE     City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance as of June 30, 1958

is $570,923.96. He stated that the Capital Outlay from the General Fund is
$47,857.16 and there is $17,288.94 from the Special Assessment District Fund
No. 100-35.

EMERGENCY EQUIPMENT	The City Manager requested permission to purchase two resuscitators, Model ICR

Purchase Approved for	Triple, complete with Micro-heads, extra masks and hoses and 4 oxygen tanks at

Resuscitators	a total cost of $1620.00. Mr. Kennedy stated that these two resuscitators will

be put on the emergency unit and the fire truck and those presently carried on
these two pieces of equipment will be placed at Hyde Park Fire Station and the
John C. Fremont School Pool. He advised the Commission that this is the best
price for the resuscitators meeting City specifications, and requested approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2022 to E & J 
Manufacturing Company for the purchase of two resuscitators in the total amount of
$1260.00 be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Purchase Approved for	 City Manager Kennedy also asked for approval of the purchase of Klaxon horns
Electric Horns	to be used at the Swimming Pools in the event resuscitators are required. Mr.

Kennedy explained that at the present time the Lifeguards use whistles to control 
the swimmers, and these horns that are proposed to be purchased, have an
entirely different sound.

Commissioner Fountain moved that approval be given to purchase and install
Klaxon electric horns at the four Swimming Pools in the total estimated amount
of $240.00, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the purchase of a commercial type

Laundry Equipment	launderer and ejector for the laundry room at the Police Department. He explained 

Purchase	that this equipment can be purchased from the American Laundry Machinery 

Company in Los Angeles at a cost of $2826.00.

Chief Sheffer explained that the equipment required has been thoroughly
checked with people who are in this type of business. He further explained that
the Police Department will save a great deal of expense on laundering of bedding
and supplies by the use of this equipment, rather than having it sent to a commercial 
laundry.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 1906 to American Laundry
Machinery Company in the total amount of $2826.00 for a commercial launderer and
ejector for the Police Department laundry room be approved, and the purchase order 
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SLURRY OIL -	The City Manager requested approval of a purchase requisition to American Bitumuls

Purchase Approved	& Asphalt Company in the total amount of $1725.00 to be used in connection with

the slurry program. Mr. Kennedy stated that this would be the purchase of 50
tons of SS-2 Slurry Emulsion at $34.50 per ton.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2411 to American Bitumuls
& Asphalt Co. in the total amount of $1725.00 for slurry emulsion be approved,
and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

GOLF COURSE GREEN	City Manager Kennedy presented the change in the green fees at the Municipal Golf

FEES	Course, as recommended by the Las Vegas Golf Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the change in the green fees at the Municipal Golf
Course, as recommended, be approved effective immediately, and the following
resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas Golf Board has fixed and established green fees for
the Municipal Golf Course of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, Chapter 2, Section 30, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949; requires
the consent and approval of the Board of Commissioners to such fees and charges;
and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners approves the proposed raise in green

fees;

7-2-58