Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting,
Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting adjourn until
April 22, at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED VACATION
Portion of Alley
Lot 2-Pioneer Heights
Addition

MINUTES APPROVED

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

LEASE—Golf Course

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
22nd day of April, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the following
members present: Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Corradetti;

City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall;
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioner Clark,

This being the time set for the hearing of the petition to vacate
certain portions of an alley lying along the easterly side of the
north-south alley in Block 2, Pioneer Heights to the City of
Las vegas as shown on Plat of said addition, page 36 in Book I
of Plats, in the records of Clark County, Nevada, and the 

following persons appeared and entered their protests:

The Las Vegas Land and Water Company, represented by
Mr. Folger protested on the grounds that they would have
to move their water line if the vacation was ordered.

Mr. John Winesky, a property owner in said block, 

protested on the grounds that he felt that the alley should
not have a jog in it and should be left as it is.

Mrs. George Gibbins, Mrs. Grace Rubidoux, and Mrs.

Bert Stephens also entered their protests stating
that they would like to have the alley remain as it is,
but that if the alley was twenty feet wide they would
not object too strenuously.

Thereafter, His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin informed them that the
Board would not make a decision at this time, but that they
would come to a decision at a later date and would notify all of
the property owners to be present when the decision was entered.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of March 22 and 28,

April 6 and 11 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 738 to 747
inclusive, in the net sum of $18,781.66 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 748 to 751 inclusive in the sum of $6,816.89 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that that certain lease dated March 31,
1946, between the City of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Golfer's
Association be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.	