MUNICIPAL LEAGUE	  Commissioner Smith moved that the action taken by the

     delegation sent to Reno for the purpose of forming a
league of Nevada cities be approved, and the Articles
of Incorporation be copied into the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting
aye; noes, none.

 	ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF THE LEAGUE OF

NEVADA CITIES, INC.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:	That we, the undersigned, have this day

voluntarily associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a Corporation
under that certain Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada entitled, "An
Act to Provide for the Organization, Management and Conduct of Non-Profit 

Cooperative Corporations, Providing for Membership Therein, and Matters Properly 

Connected therewith", approved March 22, 1921, as amended, and to that end we do hereby
certify:

1.	That the name of this Corporation is, and shall be, "The League of Nevada
Cities".

2.	That this Corporation is formed as a non-profit, non-partisan cooperative
corporation for the following purposes:

(a). To foster periodical conferences, or meetings of city officials for
the discussion of municipal problems and for the purpose of promoting governmental
efficiency.

(b). To foster and disseminate knowledge relating to municipal government
by all appropriate means and to arouse greater interest and more active civic
consciousness among people as to its importance and significance.

(c). To publish and circulate publications on municipal and/or technical
subjects of interest to cities.

(d). To promote good legislation respecting municipal affairs, and to op-
pose such measures as seem to be inimical to public interest.

(e). To secure harmony of action among cities in matters that affect the
rights and liabilities of the cities and of the public.

(f). To render technical, informational and other services to cities for
their general welfare.

3.	The poace where the principal business of this Corporation will be 

transacted is in the city of Reno, County of Washoe, State of Nevada; provided however,
that other meetings of the Corporation or meetings of the Board of Directors may be
held in such other places within the State of Nevada as the Board of Directors may
from time to time designate.

4.	The period of the existence and the duration of life of this Corporation
shall be fifty (50) years.

5.	The members of the governing board of this Corporation shall be styled
"Directors" and their number shall not be less than three. The names and addresses
of the Directors selected for the first year and until their successors shall have
been elected and shall have accepted office are as follows:

Names	Addresses

Harry E. Stewart	Reno, Nevada

Thomas E. Dixon	Caliente, Nevada

D.	J. Fodrin	Sparks, Nevada

A. L. Haight	Fallon, Nevada

Arthur F. Smith	Las Vegas, Nevada

6.	The voting power and the property rights and interests of each member city
shall be equal, each member city to have one vote at all meetings of the members and
upon all questions submitted to members for action, such vote to be cast by a 

representative or representative duly authorized by the governing body of such member
city. All duly elected and appointed officers of member cities shall be non-voting
members of this Corporation.

7. A certificate of membership shall be issued to each member City but said
membership or the said certificate thereof shall not be assigned by any member to
any other person or corporation.

8.	This Corporation shall have, exercise and enjoy each and every power which
a Corporation organized under "An Act to Provide for the Organization, Management,
and Conduct of Non-Profit Cooperative Corporations, Providing for Membership Therein,
and Matters properly Connected Therewith", approved March 22, 1921, may lawfully have
or enjoy.