Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

"An Ordinance regulating the doing of plumbing work and providing for the ex-
amination oof persons engaged in the same, and creating an examining board, providing a
penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in
conflict therewith," was read to the Board for a second time, and the Clerk was directed
to have same published for a period of one week in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance was passed by the following
vote: Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting
Aye. Nones none.

A letter from the Organized Labor Unions asking the Board of Commissioners to
adopt an ordinance setting $5.00.per day as the minimum wage sale on all Public Works.

City Attorney Stevens was instructed to write up such an ordinance, if possible,
and to write to San Bernardino for a copy of their ordinance covering same.

A petition signed by about six hundred residents of the City asking that the
present garbage ordinance be changed so that other persons than those holding the contract
with the City might haul dry garbage. This matter was laid over for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Saturday the 7th day of June at the hour of four thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of June 1930 at the hour of four thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, and German, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas, and Hansell.

At this time the Board took up the matter of the paying of the first estimate of
the General Construction Co. and Watson. The present estimate is $44,516.78.

After due consideration the following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Smith
and seconded by Commissioner German:

Be it Resolved that the sum of $20,000.00 be paid to the General Construction Co.
and R.A.Watson from the Special 1950 Paving Fund.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 10th day of June, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 10th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, commissioners Smith, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meetings of June 5th, 6th and 7th read and approved as read.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to approved the bill of R.E.

Lake Jr. for the plastering of the Library Bldg; owning to the absence of Finance Com-
missioner German. Bill was to be allowed out of the Street Fund for the sum of $225.00.

A letter from Mr. A.W.Ham, Chair man of the a committee appointed by the Board
to investigate the matter of a new sewer system for the City of Las Vegas, and the contract
between the City of Las Vegas and Koebig & Koebig was read to the Board.