(2) Alleys in Blocks 13 and 18, all in Pioneer Heights
and Wardie Addition respectively."

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held on the 28th day
of December, 1945, set the 7th day of February, 1946, at the hour of 2:00 p.m,
at the Commissioner's Room of the Board of Commissioners in the War Memorial
Building, located at the northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las
Vegas, Nevada, as the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and
recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause notice of said hearing to
be posted as in said Order provided, which notice was to set forth the 

extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the Affidavit of R. D. Thompson, filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy
of which is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 5th day of January,
1946, in the manner prescribed by said Order.

And this being the time fixed for the hearing of said Petition for 

vacation and recommendation thereof, and this Board having heard evidence in support
of said recommendation and Petition for vacation and being satisfied that the
public will not be materially injured by such proposed vacation:

IT IS HEREBY OFFERED:	That the following described portion of Lewis Street

and certain alleys in Blocks 13 and 18 in Pioneer Heights and Wardie Addition
respectively, and more particularly described,

(1)	All of those portions of Lewis Street Between the easterly line of

Eighth Street and the westerly line of Ninth Street, as shown on Plat of
Wardie Addition to Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, at Page 13 in Book 1
of Plats of the records of said Clark County, Nevada, and on Plat of
Pioneer Heights	Addition to Las	Vegas, Clark	County, Nevada,	formerly

Lincoln County,	Nevada, at Page	35 in Book 1	of Plats of the	records of

said Clark County, also

(2)	All of the north-south alleys between the southerly side of Bridger

Street and the northerly side of Lewis Street, as shown in Block 13 of
Pioneer Heights	Addition to Las	Vegas, Clark	County, Nevada,	formerly

Lincoln County,	Nevada, at Page	35 in Book 1	of Plats of the	records of

said Clark County, Nevada, and in Block 18 of Wardie Addition to Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, at Page 13 in Book 1 of Plats of the records of said
Clark County,

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates, moved that the City Clerk be instructed
to report to the Assessor amounts to be assessed and lots
chargeable for sidewalk installations as follows:

Lot 16, Block	6	 Bucks Subdivision	Mrs. Lottie Sowinski	$336.83

Lot 32, Block 17, Clarks Las Vegas

Townsite	William	Cantrell	224.59

Lot 6, Block 2, Bucks Subdivision	Fred J. & Rose Anna

George	76.32

Lots 27-32 inc. Block 16, Clarks

Las Vegas Townsite	William	Cantrell	474.57

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Corradetti,

Baskin, Bates and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the petition of C. F.
Gartside for zone variance be referred to the Planning
Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City set aside a 
certain C.C.C. building selected by Mrs. DeLuca for the
Las Vegas Junior Hobby Craft.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recreation department
be granted permission to use the Memorial Hall on Friday
nights, Saturday afternoons, and Saturday nights for a
skating rink, beginning February 15, and 16 until further
notice.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARTSIDE PETITION

C.C.C. BUILDING

RECREATION DEPARTMENT-
SKATING

SIDEWALK ASSESSMENT