Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

LIQUOR LICENSE	The Commission considered the application of Stewart R. Kennard, Jr. for the Tavern

Change of Owner	Liquor license at the Bird Cage Club, 102 Fremont, formerly issued to Stanley W. McDonald.

Bird Cage Club	City Manager Kennedy reported that the Police investigation on the applicant Was

favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Stewart R. Kennard, Jr. for the Tavern
Liquor license at the Bird Cage Club, 102 Fremont be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be

Additional	approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

CALIFORNIA CLUB	Phil Long	101 Fremont	1 slot

1 pan

BUS STOP CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan 328 Fremont	1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Orlin C. Loveland for gaming license for 4

New	slot machines at Loveland's Country Fair Market, 2421 East Bonanza be approved, and the

Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ANNEXATION (A-1-58)	Planning Director Bills presented the map for the annexation of the West half of Section 6,

W½ Sec. 6, T21S,R61E	T21S, R61E, MDB&M and advised that it was recommended for annexation by the Planning

Commission. He stated that originally there had been received a petition from the owner of
147 acres and then two other petitions were received. He reported that a study was made
by the Planning staff and because there would be an island surrounded by property of the
City, it was recommended that the whole area be annexed, He stated that letters were sent
to the owners of the property, and approximately 95% of these owners answered. He stated
that the owners of the NE¼ of this section did not wish to be annexed to the City.

Thereafter Mr. George Foley, attorney representing the protestants appeared to object to
the annexation. He stated that these people had no desire to came into the City, and felt
that they would be forced to do so, if the other property was annexed.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution of intent to annex this
property, and notifying the County Commissioners of this intent, be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, an investigation has been made as to the possible annexation to the City
of Las Vegas of certain areas in the Unincorporated Town of Winchester in Clark County,
Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the majority of the property owners as well as the owners of the
majority of the taxable property of said area which consists of more than 60 acres have
indicated a desire for annexation; and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas has recommended
the annexation of the hereinafter described property to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that said area may be annexed and that
said annexation will be in the public interest; and

WHEREAS, Ordinance 97 of the County of Clark provides that prior to circulating
a petition to annex, sixty days' notice of intention to annex must be given to the Board
of County Commissioners; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners intends this Resolution to be a notice
to the Board of County Commissioners of the intention to circulate petitions for annexation
to the City of Las Vegas of the hereinafter described property consisting of more than 60
acres adjacent and contiguous to the limits of the City of Las Vegas, and located in the
Unincorporated Town of Winchester, all as provided by N.R.S. 269.020, the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, and County Ordinance No. 97.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd day of September, 1958, that the
Board of County Commissioners be and they hereby are notified that a petition to annex the
hereinafter described property to the City of Las Vegas will be circulated among the property
owners of said area commencing on November 10, 1958.

That the said property sought to be annexed is located in the Unincorporated
Town of Winchester, Clark County, Nevada; consists of approximately 284 acres; is adjacent
and contiguous to the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas; and it is particularly described
as follows:

Government Lots III, IV, V, VI and VII and the SE¼ of the NW¼
and E½ of the SW¼, Section 6, T 21 S, R 61 E, M.D.B.&M.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this Resolution be forwarded
immediately to the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of September,1958.

9-3-58