BID NO. 54.23

Traffic Signals
Opened

PUBLIC BEARING
Use Permit
Flo Hanson

FRANCISCO PARK
RELEASE OF BOND

BID NO. 54.24
Off-Street Parking
Area Paving

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning

Boulder City Broadcasting
Co.

R-1 to C-2
Z-19-54

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
City Engineer for computation and recommendation to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

This being the time theretofore set for the public hearing on the application of
the Boulder City Broadcasting Company for rezoning from R-1 to C-2 of their
property generally located between 23rd and 25th Streets, south of Owens Avenue
at the north City limits, said property is described as follows:

A portion of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

Mr. Truman Hinkle and Mr. C. Norman Cornwall were present to request that this rezoning
be approved.

Discussion was held with the Board and it was explained to the applicants that it was
the policy of the Commission to classify applications of this nature as Use Permits in
order that a time limit can be imposed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Boulder City Broadcasting
Company for rezoning from R-1 to C-2 of the above described property, be denied.

8-18-54

STEWART CONSTRUCTION CO.
IDEAL ASPHALT CO.

WELLS CARGO
WELLS & STEWART
PAHLEN CONST. CO.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 54.23 for the
installation of Electric Traffic Signal System and Mercury-Vapor Street Lighting
system at the intersections of Fremont Street with 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 12th Streets
and Electric Traffic signal system and construction of Traffic Islands at the
intersection of Charleston Blvd and Maryland Parkway, bids were received from the
following firms:

GALLAND ELECTRIC	$ 38,620.00

MEL-DENNETT ELECTRIC	47,727.00

ACME COLLINS CO,	INC.	55,555.00

NEVADA ELECTRIC	55,770.00

HARRY BREWER CO.	37,300.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
City Engineer for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, and Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of Mrs. Flo
Hanson of the denial of her application for a Use Permit to conduct a child
nursery at 1315 Francis Avenue.

Mr. Dale Cook representing Mrs. Hanson appeared before the Board at this time and
requested that this hearing be continued until a later meeting. Mr. Cook explained that
Mrs. Hanson was out of town at the present time.

His Honor Mayor Pro Whipple asked if there were any objections to the continuing of
this hearing until the next regular meeting. Mr. Spence Butterfield asked if Mrs. Hanson
could take a further appeal if the Commission denies her application. City Attorney
Howard W. Cannon stated that the action of the Commission would be final.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the public hearing on the application of
Mrs. Flo Hanson for a use permit to conduct a child nursery at 1315 Francis Avenue be
continued until September 1, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

At this time Mr. Hoyt Pardee, Mr. Earl Hertske and other representatives of Francisco Park
Subdivision appeared before the Board to request the release of the performance bond
filed on Francisco Park tract No. 1.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple explained that the City Attorney had been instructed to notify
the Southern Nevada Power Company to move the poles within a reasonable length of time.

Discussion was held concerning the installation pavement along the north side of San
Francisco Street between Maryland Parkway and Maroney Avenue, said property belonging
to Mr. and Mrs. Harold J. Stocker.

There was also discussion on the acceptability of driveways installed by the Subdivider
in the Francisco Park Tract.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the release of the performance bond on Francisco
Park Tract No. 1 be held in abeyance until a special meeting is called.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 54.24 for the construction
of improvements of Off-Street Parking areas, either City-owned or City-controlled, bids
were received from the following firms: