376

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-11
Resolution on Sale
Date for Bonds

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said
improvements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in
the sums assessed against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and pro-
perty specially benefited by such improvements and included within said District;
and

WHEREAS, the said assessment roll was filed with the City Clerk on the
20th day of April, 1953; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing the public hearing on said assessment
roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said assessment roll.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 20th day of May, 1953, that
Assessment Roll No. 26-1953 be and the same hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirma-
tion on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, acting Ex-
Officio City Assessor for the recording of said assessment in his office.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Comptroller shall notify every
owner as shown upon the said assessment roll of the amount of his assessment and
that unless said assessment is paid in full within ten days after confirmation and
approval, it shall be conclusively considered and held an election on his part
to pay in installments, all as provided in the Ordinance creating this District.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the form of notice shall be in substantially
the following form:

You are hereby notified that Special Assessment District No. 100-20
covering paving, construction of curbs and gutters and concrete valley gutters
to streets and parts of streets has been approved and your property described
below has been assessed the amount shown.

Lot No.

Block No.

Addition

Amount of Assessment

This amount is due and payable at the office of the City Treasurer in
the City Hall on or before May 31, 1953 without interest. Failure to pay the
whole assessment or any part thereof on or before the above mentioned date shall
be conclusively considered and held an election on your part to pay in ten annual
installments of principal with interest, the first installment of which will be
due on June 1, 1954. In the event you elect to pay by installments the rate of
interest to be charged will be determined by the most favorable bid submitted by
prospective bond purchasers.

After May 31, 1953 payment in full of any unpaid balance may be made
provided such payment is accompanied by a full years interest computed to the
next succeeding June 1.

DATED this 20th day of May, 1953

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Peccole and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution authorizing notice of sale of
bonds for Assessment District No. 100-11 be given, said bids to be opened July 1,
1953. be adopted:



RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for bonds all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore tak-
en to construct said improvements by special assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of May,

1953, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
is hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will re-
ceive bids for bonds for Special Assessment District No. 100-11 in the aggregate
principal amount of $8,557.99.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt
of bids for said bonds by publication on May 27, June 3, June 10, June 17
and June 24, 1953. in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
bonds will be received until 7:55 P.M. on Wednesday, the 1st day of July,

1953, and said bids will be opened at 8:00 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

5-20-53