SEWER PLANT
Perliter & Soring

STREET REPAIR
Water District

REQUEST FOR BIDS

CURB CUT
Kelso Turner

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
QUITCLAIM DEED
Parks & Jennings

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
QUITCLAIM DEED
Desert Sales Corp.

VARIANCE
G. C. Luzier

At this time the contract for design on alterations to the Sewer Plant was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the contract with Perliter & Soring for design on
alterations to the sever plant he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Las Vegas Water District be instructed to immediately
repair areas where construction of mains has been made through out the city and the street paving
has not been replaced.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of the City Engineer to secure bids for
the following items:

Gasoline for the City of Las Vegas
Tires & Tubes for the City of Las Vegas
Batteries for the City of Las Vegas
Fuel Oil for the City of Las Vegas



Commissioner Whipple moved that said bids, to cover the period from April 1, 1955 to September
30, 1956, be opened on March 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the 47 foot curb cut for Kelso Turner Housing Authority
on Bonanza Road be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed for alley purposes
executed by Parks & Jennings, deed dated February 2, 1955, for an alley south of Moss
Tract No. 5.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of February, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd
day of February, 1955; executed by Parks & Jennings to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the acceptance of a quitclaim deed for street purposes
executed by Desert Sales Corporation, deed dated February 11, 1955, for Highland Avenue
south of Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, seconded by Commissioner Sharp and duly carried the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of February, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 11th
day of February, 1955; executed by Desert Sales Corporation to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and
is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered an appeal filed by Mr. G. C. Luzier on the denial of
his application for variance to maintain a parking lot at 720-730 South 6th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on this application for variance be set
for March 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:40 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at 10:00 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

2-16-55