Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of October 27 and
29 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 588 to 593
inc. in the net sum of $16,973. 16 be approved and the Mayor,

City Clerk, and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.

595 to 599 inc. in the sum of $25,730.97 be approved and the
Mayor, City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be instructed to
draw up an agreement between the City of Las Vegas and Theodore
Michelas, to furnish water to the South Meadows Improvement
Memorial Park District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The reports of the Building Inspector, Electrical Inspector,
and the Police Department for the month of October were pre-
sented and ordered filed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be directed to
cause to have posted notice of intention to vacate that 

certain alley, 20 feet in width, extending in an easterly westerly
direction entirely across Block 14 of Valley View Addition to the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as shown on plat of records
in the County Recorder's Office at Page 50 in Book I of Plats,
and setting the date for said hearing on December 22, 1945 at
10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
negotiate with the American Pool Corporation for the furnishing
of complete engineering plans and specifications for the 

construction of two swimming pools at a total cost of $500.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and Carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the proposal of the
Board of County Commissioners, "To give the City of Las-Vegas a
99 year lease on the property located on North 2nd street, Las
Vegas, Nevada where the Las Vegas City Jail is now located, 

provided such property will be used by the City of Las Vegas for
City Jail purposes, and providing the City of Las Vegas is able
to give Clark County clear title to the County Courthouse Lots
together with the building thereon; providing the City has the
occupancy of the Library Building until such time as they can
secure another site."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and lost by the 

following voter Voting aye, Commissioners Bates, and Corradetti;

Voting no, Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor.

At this time Mayor Cragin stepped down from the Mayor's Chair
and Mayor Pro Tem Clark Presided.

Mayor Cragin moved that the proposal under date of November 7,

1945 from the County Commissioners to the City of Las Vegas be
denied, and that the City of Las Vegas condemn the property on
North 1st Street heretofore discussed for the purpose of 

erecting a police station, provided the price now asked cannot be 

reduced.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti

MINUTES, October 27
and October 29.



PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

SOUTH MEADOWS IMPROVE-
MENT MEMORIAL PARK —
Water Contract



DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS

ALLEY VACATION
Westside

SWIMMING POOL
POLICE STATION