easement a distance of 355. feet to a point; thence South 9°06'30"

East a distance of 62.20 feet to a point; thence Westerly along
the center line of Bearden Way a distance of 510.92 feet.

Section 2. That the said sewer improvement shall be made by installing a
sanitary sewer in and along the following streets and portions of streets, said
sewer to be composed of eight inch vitrified clay pipe, together with such appur-
tenances as may be required, as is more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams
and plans of the work and locality to be improved, now on file in the office of
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets in and along which the
Board proposes to install eight inch vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

From the manhole at the intersection of Desert Lane and Hastings
North 0°06'26" East along the center line of Desert Lane 441.71
feet to a point; thence North 89°53'30" West through a utility
easement a distance of 355 feet to a point; thence South 0°06'30"

East a distance of 62.20 feet to a point; thence Westerly along
the center line of Bearden Way a distance of 510.92 feet.

Section 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements,
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assess-
ed, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys,
plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation
properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by
special assessments made according to the frontage against the owners and the
assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said
improvements are deemed to be $8,309.84. and the total of the special assessments
so levied shall be in that amount.

Section 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon
any such lot or premises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown
upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, but
such cost in excess of 50% shall be. borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out
of the General Fund.

Section 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nev-
ada, the acting Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall
prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, an
assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and shall assess ead lot or parcel of land with such relative portion of
the whole amount to be levied as the length of front of such premises abutting
upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed;
unless on account of the size or shape of any lot or lots an assessment for a dif-
ferent number of feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be
assessed shall be deemed to be and aggregate number of feet as determined upon
for an assessment by the assessor.

Section 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed
the assessment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certi-
ficate endorse on the assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form pre-
scribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared
and reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and
numbered.

Section 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirm-
ed by said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection
thereto with the City Clerk on or before Monday, the 27th day of April, 1953, at
8:00 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are here-
by fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor
and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said
special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

Section 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk,
she shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio City Assessor
will meet to review the assessments at least once a week for two weeks in the
Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Said notice
shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as
aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet
and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any ob-
jection to said assessments, which may be made by any person deeming himself ag-
grieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same
as to any assessment or description of the premises as appearing therein, and may
confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the
assessment back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and
direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

Section 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City
Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation,
which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as here-
in provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon
deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City
Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll