The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the current year as required by Section 2, Chapter 11, Laws
of Nevada, 1935.

Attest;

Viola Burns
City Clerk
Dated March 4, 1939.

-Some Bond redemptions and interest payments were made and included in December, 1937. This
is explanation of the seeming increase in Board requirements.

Vote on the adoption of the foregoing form of budget was Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause
and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti informed the Board that it was becoming necessary to tire an
additional regular police officer and recommended Don Borax for the position. After some decision 

it was on motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause moved and car-
ried that Don Borax be hired as a regular police officer, salary $150.00 per month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by
Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the meeting recess until Thursday the 9th day
of March, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Thursday the 9th day of March, at 7 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 9th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County Nevada held on the 9th day of Larch, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Ronnow and Krause, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioners Luce and Corradetti.

Viola Burns, as a member of the Cemetery Board brought to the attention of the Board of
Commissioners that fact that it was necessary to make some extensions to the sprinkling system
at the cemetery at this time and ask that the Board of Commissioners approve the expenditure of
approximately $50.00 to purchase 400 ft of pipe and necessary fittings.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that the City purchase 400 ft of pipe and fittings to be used as additions to the present
sprinkling system at the Cemetery.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk	read to the Board a letter from	A.J. Mackie asking for	an additional extension

of time in which to pay the balance due	the City	from purchase of Block	5 in South Addition.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow	seconded	by Commissioner Krause	it was moved and car-
ried	that A.J.	Mackie be informed that	payments	due the City of Las	Vegas from A.J. Mackie

as a balance due from sale of Block 5 in South Addition in the sum of $350.00 must be resumed
within sixty days or the City will be forced to take action toward said A.J. Mackie to secure
the balance of payments due. Said payments to be in the sum of $40.00 per month as same ap-
pears upon agreement entered upon by the City of Las Vegas, and said A.J. Mackie, bearing date
Lay, 1937.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the Mayor H.P. Marble voting ave.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the City purchase fifteen (15) sprinkler heads for the City park grounds.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time it was on motion of Commis-
sioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Thursday the 16th day of March, 1939 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

There upon the meeting recessed until Thursday the 16th day of March, 1939 at seven
o'clock P.M.