At this time the Commissioner considered the application of the Golden Gate, 1 Fremont
for addition of John A. Harrell as partner in the gaming pit. The Police recommendation
was that this application be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Alfred Durante et al, and John A.

Harrell for license for 2 Craps, 2 "21" and 1 Roulette at the Golden Gate, 1 Fremont for
the 3rd quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Grace M. Letchworth for license for 3 slot
machines at Pinky's, 1232 South $th Street, formerly issued to Hugh & Winifred Pinkstaff
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Marie Phillips for license for one slot
machine at the Charleston Inn, 17 West Charleston be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Johnnie Lane for a license for a race book
at the Hollywood Race Book, 115 North 1st Street. The Commission was advised that inspections
had been made by the Building and Fire Departments and the premises do not meet their Codes.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Johnnie Lane dba Hollywood Race
Book, 115 North 1st Street for license for one Race Horse Book be approved subject to compliance
with the Building and Fire Codes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission reconsidered the application of Joe Kerekes for the Beer license
at the Little Giant Market, 107 St. Louis Avenue. Mayor Baker advised the Commission that
this license had previously been issued to Mr. Joe Kerekes and now was considered as a
change in that Margaret Kerekes and Howard Heckethorn are no longer interested in the business.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Joe Kerekes doing business as
the Little Giant Market, 107 St. Louis for a Beer license, cigarette license and gaming
license for 2 slot machines be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Clay Lynch from the Clark County Engineering Department was present to report on the
easement for highway right-of-way in Sections 16 and 17, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M considered
by the Commission on May 16, 1956 and June 20, 1956.

Mr. lynch reported that other property owners had been contacted and easements had been se-
cured so that the alignment of this proposed truck route now conforms to the easement
granted by the City on May 16, 1956. Mr. Lynch then presented the map to the Board showing
the proposed truck route across the City's property in these sections.

City Engineer Wade recommended this easement as now requested, be granted to Clark County.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the right-of-way across Sections 16 and 17, T21S, R61E,
MDB&M of the City's land as requested by Clark County for the proposed truck route be granted
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the deed when prepared and checked by the City
Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported on Bid No. 56.21 for the furnishing of 4 one-half ton pickup
trucks, the same having been opened on June 20, 1956, and recommended this bed be awarded
to Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. $6.21 be awarded to
Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co. in the total amount of $5,596.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade reported on the progress of Wells-Stewart Construction Co. on
the installation of improvements on Decatur and Charleston Blvds., and recommended the
request of the contractor for partial payment be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and payment to
Wells-Stewart Construction Co. in the total amount of $l5,436.80 approved and the warrant
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Golden Gate
Pinky's

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

Charleston Inn

Hollywood Race Book

LIQUOR, GAMING &
CIGARETTE LICENSES
Little Giant Mkt

CLARK COUNTY
TRUCK ROUTE
R/W

BID NO. 56.21
4 Pickup Trucks
Awarded

CHARLESTON & DECATUR
BLVD. IMPROVEMENT
Partial Payment to
Contractor