Commissioner Sharp moved that the request to send Officer Robert Everett to the Keeler
Polygraph Institute, Chicago, Illinois, to participate in a 6-week training course in the
use of the Polygraph at a cost to the City of $750.00 be approved and the Director of
Finance and Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

LIGHTING - CITY HALL	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Public Works Department to replace

ENTRANCE	the lighting fixtures at the front entrance to the City Hall with new fixtures and, in

addition, to install three flood lights in the shrubbery on either side of the main
Approved to go to Bid	entrance. If considered a maintenance item, estimated cost by City Forces is $888.00;

April 15, 1959	estimated cost of replacement and installation by private contract is $1,250.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that bids be advertised to be opened April 15, 1959, for the
replacing of the lighting fixtures at the front entrance to the City Hall with new
fixtures and the installing of three flood lights in the shrubbery on either side of the
main entrance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:20 P.M. the meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:45 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that the Service and Material Warrants Nos. 4710 - 4862 in

WARRANTS	the amount of $91,500.83 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

1959 MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS	Inasmuch as this is the first time voting machines are to be used in the City Elections,

Compensation of Election	it is requested that the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners authorize compensation of

Officers	Election Officers (workers) in accordance with Section 296.105, Subsection 3 of the Nevada

Revised Statutes which provides that a combined voting and counting board shall receive
Approved	$10.00 per period of voting and $2.00 per hour for each hour after the polls are closed.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a combined voting and counting board shall receive $10.00
per period of voting and $2.00 per hour for each hour after the polls are closed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

PUBLICATION OF LIST	Inasmuch as under the City Charter publication of list of registered voters is optional at

REGISTERED VOTERS	that discretion of the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners, it is requested that action

be taken to instruct the City Clerk as to whether or not to publish this list of registered
Held in Abeyance	voters. The cost of the publication of list of registered voters at the time of the 1957

City Elections was $2,135.30. This matter was held in abeyance.

VOTING MACHINE BROCHURES	City Manager Kennedy requested approval of Purchase Order No. 06533 in the amount of

AND PUBLICITY	$1,274.85 to the Melvin Company, Inc., 310 East Charleston, for Art Work and printing of

30,000 brochures and preparation and mailing of required number to list of registered
Purchase order to Melvin	voters on how to use Voting Machines; and also covering Public Relations and Publicity

Co., Inc.	regarding use of the Voting Machines from two weeks before the Primary Election through

the General Election.

Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved that Purchase Order No. 06533 in the amount of $1,274.85 to the
Melvin Company, Inc., 310 East Charleston for 30,000 brochures and covering publicity 
regarding use of the Voting Machines be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional	time was	requested for the proposed Building Code Ordinance Amendment which	was

Building Code Amendment	introduced	and read	by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners	held

February 18, 1959; and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for 
Continued	recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional	time was	requested for the proposed Child Welfare Ordinance Amendment which	was

Child Welfare Amendment	introduced	and read	by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners	held

March 4, 1959; and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation

Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Additional time was requested for the proposed Secondhand Dealers Ordinance which was 

2nd Hand Dealers	introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held

March 4, 1959; and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Bunker, committee for recommendation.

Continued

TOMMY DANIELS	City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Tommy Daniels for a reduction in Solicitor's

License Fee Reduction	License Fee as he feels he is not in direct competition because he deals with his own

customers. Mr. Kennedy stated that it has been the custom in the past not to issue anything
Denied	but a solicitors license to anyone going door-to-door and he recommended that the City

maintain this policy.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Tommy Daniels for a reduction in Solicitor's
License Fee be denied as recommended by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Fountain.

3-18-59