On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that a license be granted for the operation of the Apache Cocktail Lounge in the Apache Hotel.

This being a renewal license.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the five importers license for the 1940 be granted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all tavern license applications for the 1940 be granted. These all being renewals of old
licenses.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that all gaming licenses applied for for the 1st quarter 1940 be granted. These licenses being
for established houses.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause and his honor the mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the application of R.W. Thomas to sell retail beverages at the Frontier Club Inc. be granted.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner Ron-
now voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that licenses be granted to all applicants for slot machines licenses for the first quarter 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that J.T.Watters be granted a wholesale liquor licenses and the L.V. Distributing Company a whole
sale beverage license for the year 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company for the purchase of sewer tile be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bids for the purchase and installation of lights in the Clerk's Office be referred to A.L.
Drew, City Electrical Inspector and LeRoy Whipple Purchasing Clerk for checking and recommend-
ation to the Board at a meeting to be held in the near future.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the bid of the woitishek lumber company for the purchase of traffic-lac be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mayor Russell informed the Board that he was much in favor of hiring a man,
namely George Walters, to work for the City of Las Vegas in regard to radio interference and
to carry forward a programme to promote better radio reception in the City. Mayor Russell also
stated that if the City, referring to the members of the Commission were not in favor of such a
programme that he as an individual would hire Mr. Walters and that he would be employed Friday
January 5th, 1940.

Mr. Ronnow stated that due to the fact that the Commission was not in accord with the
Mayor's programme to put Mr. Walters to work January 5th, 1940 that this proposition would not be
a City affair but the Mayor would do this as an individual, and as far as he was concerned it
was the mayor's own responsibility.

Commissioner Gilbert moved for the adoption of Commissioner Ronnow's opinion and motion was
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow and vote upon the same was Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert and
Krause voting aye. His Honor the Mayor voting No. Absent Commissioner Corradetti.

Mr. Ronnow further stated, "I am in favor of doing all we can to eliminate radio interference
when we can and that we include in the budget a sum to be used for that work. If and when the
budget is finally approved we take steps to secure a capable man to do this work, and if possible
a local citizen."



Mayor Russell ask that Mr. Austin City Attorney give him an opinion as to whose business it
was to find out if an elected officer was qualified to sit at the Board.

Mr. Austin informed Mayor Russell that as long as a certificate of election had been
issued and the oath of office taken he would say that it was no responsibility of the Board."

These questions were ask in regard to the position of Commissioner Gilbert on the Board of
Commissioners.

Mr. Austin added further that an action might been taken by an individual citizen but not
by the Mayoracting as Mayor or a Commissioner as a Commissioner.

At this point in the meeting Commissioner Gilbert ask to be excused,

An Ordinance entitled "An ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream and other dairy pro-
ducts in the City of Las Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream; providing for the issuance
of permits for the sale of milk and cream, and the revocation of such permits; providing for the
creation of a milk ordinance committee; providing for the appointment of a dairy and milk inspect-
or; authorizing the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement
of this ordinance; providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance; repealing Ordinance
Number 200 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream and
other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream; providing
for the issuance of permits for the sale of milk and cream;
and the revocation of such permits; authorizing the City Commissioners to promulgate
rules and regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance; providing a penalty for the violation
thereof; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith;" and repeal-
ing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance," was read to the Board
for a second time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Ronnow and Krause and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Absent Commissioner Corradetti and Gilbert.