Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark

County, Nevada held on the 28th day of April, 1941.

Present Mayor Russell Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti City Attorney and

The purpose of this meeting being the signing of an application to the W.P.A. for aid in
constructing the road to the Las Vegas Airport from Highway 91 the Board at once entered into a
discission of the matter at hand, and after due consideration of the same and it appearing to the
Board that the application form No. 301 Application no 50074 was in proper order and agreeable
to the City of Las Vegas it was on motion of Commissioner Ronnow Seconded by Commissioner Gilbert
moved and carried that the Mayor and Clerk sign said application to the W.P.A. for aid in the
constructing of the road from Highway 91 to the Las Vegas Airport and that said application be
delivered at once to the Local W.P.A. director Claude Mackey.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The business being concluded for which the meeting was called on motion of Commissioner Ronnow
seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 5th, 1941.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 5th day of May, 1941 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Minutes of all meetings not previously read, read and approved as read.

Mr. Frank McNamee appeared before the Board in regard to securing a gaming license for one
roulette wheel for Harry Samet at 101 Fremont Street. After some discussion on the matter on
motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that
that the Board of Commissioners not grant a license for any gambling games unless the applicant
applies for license for three games, as the minimum. That this number (3) be the bases for the grant-
ing of original games for any gambling club in the City of Las Vegas and that the same is effective
this date.

Vote commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, a license for
t wo poker games and one roulette wheel for 105 Fremont for Harry L. Samet was granted. Vote being
Commissioners, Ronnow, No, Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti Aye, and His Honor the
Mayor voting No.

Upon motion of Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, it was moved and
carried that demands numbered 503 to 511 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk be
allowed to sign the same.

A wholesale beverage license application was presented by the Nevada Beverage Company for a
license at 1112 South 3rd, Street was presented to the Board for action, Upon motion of Commissioner
Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, it was moved and carried that such license be
granted. Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting Aye, His Honor the Mayor voting
No. Stating that his reason for voting no, was that such location was not in the Commercial District.
Commissioner Ronnow had been excused from the meeting to attend to other business.

A retail beverage application submitted by Frank Kernan for a license at the Tourist Cafe South
5th, Street in about the 1400 block was presented to the Board. Upon motion of Commissioner Gilbert
and Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried that such license be granted.
Vote Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes None.

A retail beverage application submitted by Sophia Noon for a license at 220 N. 2nd, Street was
next presented to the Board for Consideration. After some discussion on the matter it developed
that the Board had gone on record against allowing any more such licenses to be operated on or near
an alley, that in the past considerable trouble and difficulty ha d been experienced from the
operation of such licenses so located, therefore upon motion of Commissioner Krause and seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti, it was moved and carried that such application be rejected, Vote being
Commissioner: Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner, Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted, applications and fees attached being
in the proper form.

1 Jennings -5¢ for A.W. Blackman at 421 S. 5th, Street,

1 Mills - 5¢	for E.V. Breckenridge at 123 S. 1st, Street,

1 Mills -	5¢ For Theodore Michelon 113 No. 1st, Street - Nevada Cafe.

3 Mills -25¢, 10¢ & 5¢. for Apache Hotel Lobby - 104 N. 2nd, Street,

1 Callie- 5¢ for John Stathis 105 N. 1st,Street,

3 Jennings- 10¢, 5¢, &5¢ for State Cafe - 22 Fremont Street,

3 Nilks - 10¢, 5¢. & 5¢. for Mike Gordon - 106 Fremont Street,

Vote being Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause ana Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye,

Noes, None.

The monthly report from Municipal Judge A.G. Blad was next presented to the Board, Upon
motion of Commissioner Krause ano Seconded by Commissioner Gilbert, it was moved and carried that

said report he accepted and ordered filed. Vote being Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause ana Corradetti
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None.