ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the
foregoing Notice of Special Meeting:

s/ E.W. Cragin	s/ Howard W. Cannon

s; Reed Whipple	s/ Robert T. Moore

s/ William Peccole ___________                                  s/ C.W. Shelley

s/ Wendell Bunker

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 19th day of
September, 1950 was called to order at the hour of 8:10 P.M, by His
Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin with the following members present: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Attorney Howard W. Cannon,
City Manager C.W. Shelley and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO	His Honor Mayor Cragin stated that this special meeting had been called

LAND USE PLAN	upon receipt of an Appeal, dated August 30, 1950, received from D. G.

Public Hearing	Lorenzi and O.H. Nelson, owners of Government Lot 2, Section 2, T 21 S,

R 61 E, MDB&M, asking that the Board of Commissioners hold a Public
	Hearing in order that they and other interested parties might present

their position relative to the request for zone change on the above-
mentioned property.

His Honor read the aforementioned Notice of Appeal, the Notice of Public
Hearing given by the Board of Commissioners setting the date for this
meeting, and a letter under date of August 24, 1950 from Robert M.
Callister, Attorney-at-Law on behalf of the property owners living in
Crestwood and Hillside Terrace Additions to the City.

Thereafter His Honor stated that the Board would like to hear from
anyone who wished to speak on this matter and requested that the
petitioners for this hearing present their position first and those
protesting the proposed rezoning of this property speak next.

Mr. George Rudiak, Attomey-at-Law, representing the owners of the property
Messrs. D.G. Lorenzi and O.H. Nelson, presented their reasons for
desiring this change of zone and requested the Board to give them favorable
consideration. Mr. Rudiak then introduced Mr. Aloysius McDonald,
architect on the apartment house project, who described the plans of
the proposed development.

Mr. McDonald then answered questions asked by members of the audience.

Mr. C.L. Martin, speaking on behalf of Mr. Tom Stewart, property owner in
the Crestwood Addition, stated that Mr. Stewart had asked him to inform
the Board that he was very much in favor of this proposed project and
would like to withdraw his name from the petition protesting said rezoning.

His Honor then asked if there was a spokesman for those persons wishing
to protest this proposed change of zone.

Mr. A.H. Kennedy appeared before the Board at this time and stated
that the protestants did not have any particular spokesman for their
group, but he would like to present petitions that had been circulated
and signed by property owners in Crestwood and Hillside Terrace Ad-
ditions.

These petitions were presented and filed by the City Clerk.

Thereafter the following persons spoke in protest to this proposed re-
zoning :

Mr.	William Shearer	Mr.	W.E. Leypoldt

Mr.	Robert Callister	Mr.	Salisbury

Mr.	Richard Stadelman	Mr.	Edwards

Mr.	McCoig	Mr.	Bert Purdy

Mr.	Robert Kolb	Mr.	Young

Mr.	Clesse Turner	Mr.	Thomas

Mr.    Shelton	Mr. Teasley

Mr. Albert Toner

Thereafter Mr. Sagstetter, Mr. O.H. Nelson and Mr. George Rudiak spoke
on behalf of the proposed change of zone.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be taken under advisement and before
any vote is taken all interested persons be properly notified.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the
meeting adjourned.