VARIANCE APPLICATION	The application of Roy Gilliland to construct a fourplex on Lot 5

Roy Gilliland	Block 19, 14th Street City Addition was considered at this time.

V-13-54 	The Planning Commission recommended that a triplex be allowed.

Approved

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the
Planning Commission be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of March,

1954, having considered the application of Roy Gilliland for a
variance to construct a fourplex on Lot 5, Block 19, 14th Street
City Addition; and

The Board having considered the decision of the City
Planning recommending that a triplex be allowed:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that
the application of Roy Gilliland, V-13-54, as approved by the City
Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted and the
inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, and Whipple voting aye;

noes, Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

The meeting recessed at the hour of 9:40 p.M. Meeting reconvened
at the hour of 10:10 P.M. with all members present as of the
opening session.

YOUTH CENTER	Commissioner Whipple moved that the plans for the Youth Center be

JPlans Accepted	accepted and the opening of bids set for April 7, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE APPLICATION	The application of Mike Terlizzi to construct a duplex on a lot

Mike Terlizzi	6,000 square feet on Lot 8, Block 24, 14th Street City Addition,

V-14-54	as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this

Approved 	time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the
Planning Commission be accepted and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of March, 1954,
having considered the application of Mike Terlizzi for a variance
to construct a duplex on Lot 8, Block 24, 14th Street City Addition;
and

The Board having considered the decision of the City
Planning Commission recommending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that
the application of Mike Terlizzi, V-14-54, as approved by the City
Planning Commission, be and the same are hereby granted and the in-
spection departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commission Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE APPLICATION	The application of J.V. Lindburg to construct a four plex apartment

J.V. Lindburg	on a lot 6,847 square feet in area on Lot 4, Lawrence Love Tract,

V-16-54		as recommended by the Planning Commission, was considered at this

Approved	time.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the recommendation of the
Planning Commission be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas in a regular meeting on the 3rd day of March, 1954,
having considered the application of J.V. Lindburg for a variance
to construct a four-plex apartment on Lot 4, Lawrence Love Tract;
and

The Board having considered the decision of the City Plan-
ning Commission recommending approval of this application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that the
application of J. V. Lindburg, V-16-54, as approved by the City
Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby granted and the
inspection departments are authorized to issue the necessary
permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Sharp stated that his firm sold this property.