229

Additional	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Fremont Arcade Partnership dba The California Club, 101 Fremont Street for license for one additional Crap Table for the first quarter of 1953 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
GAMING APPLICATIONS Changes	Commissioner Peccole moved the application of Mrs. J. Morgan dba Little Casino, 108 North 1st Street formerly known as the Silver, Club, for license for one "21", one Craps, 1 Roulette and 6 Slots for the first quarter of 1953 be deferred until February 4, 1953.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
LIQUOR APPLICATIONS New	Commissioner Jarrett moved the application by Robert W. Williamson for a Wholesale and Importers Beverage Liquor License for Alfred M. Lewis Inc., 733 North Main Street for the first quarter of 1953, the same being a new application, be approved, subject to investigation by the Police Department.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Renewals  	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of liquor licenses for the first quarter of 1953 be approved:
ANCHOR CAFE	1202 S. Main Lance Patrick Rest. Bev.

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	24 Fremont	Nathan Young	Rest. Bev. Beer

MONTE CARLO MOTEL	1600 S. Main	BY: G.W. Sponseller	Rest. Bev.

SHERIFFS MOUNTED WITTWER'S CAFE	POSSE c/o Elks Stadium BY: A. Proctor Club Liquor 720 N. Main BY: Betty Richert Rest. Bev.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Change of Name & Owner  /	Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Richard S. Borders dba Chat & Chew, 1039 S. Main for a Restaurant Beverage License for the first quarter of 1953, said license formerly issued to Pearl Keller dba Pearls Restaurant, be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,  Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Bernice (Sue) Morris to transfer her license for Retail Liquor Mina. from 1234 South 5th to 222 Fremont Street dba Sue's Liquor Store be denied.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker,  Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Al Wendelboe dba Prime Meats & Provision, 820 South 5th Street for a Retail Beverage License for the 1st quarter of 1953 be approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His honor voting aye; noes, none.
REZONING APPLICATION JoAnn Bradley Denied	Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the application of JoAnn Bradley to rezone the S1/2 SE1/4 NE1/4 of Section 32 T 20 S, R 61 E, from R-A to R-2 be denied, be accepted.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
REZONING APPLICATION Bert Walsh	Commissioner Bunker moved the Public Hearing on the application of Bert and Gwendolyn Walsh to rezone Lots 7 and 8 and the north 20 feet of Lot 9, Block 19, Ladd's Addition from R-3 to C-l be set for February 18, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VARIANCE APPLICATION Morris Gaylord Denied	The application of Morris Gaylord to construct and maintain a motel on Block 32, South Addition in an R-l zone was presented to the Commission at this time. The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that this application be denied.  Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission denying this application for Variance be accepted and the following resolution adopted;  WHEREAS, on the 29th day of December, 1953, Morris Gaylord filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission to construct and maintain a motel on Block 32 of the South Addition in an R-l (Single Family Residence) Use District located on the North side of Charleston Blvd., between sixth and seventh Streets; and  WHEREAS, on January 8, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this application for variance; and  WHEREAS, on January 8, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to recommend that this application be denied inasmuch as this area has been generally developed for residences and there is no need for a commercial use shown; and  WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of City Commissioners on January 21, 1953, recommending that such Variance not be granted.  NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the variance application of Morris Gaylord to construct and maintain a motel on block 32 of the South Addition in an R-l Use District be denied, be and the same hereby is approved.  Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bunkee, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.