As no agreement	could be reached in regard to some of the section of said ordin-
ance the following committee was appointed by the Mayor	to prepare and present to the Board

sections agreeable to all	concerned: Mr. Hughes and Mr. Earl of the Virgin Valley, Mr. Wells

and Mr. Livingston of the Muddy Valley and	Mr. Cory and	Mr. Blanding of the City of Las Vegas 

with Hr. Nash, State Deputy Food Inspector, and Dr. Neiman, Veterary.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that $50.00 be donated from the Publicity Fund to the Clark County Historical Society
Vote on said motion was as fallows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then ad-
journed.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of October 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,

Arnett and Down, City Attorney Henderson, City Clerk Viola Burns.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of September as follows:

$1,713.50 Municipal Court Fines.

65.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

1,434.63 Licenses, fees and Misc.

3,213.13 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$3,148.13 P and F Fund

______65.00 Cemetery Fund

3,213.13 Total

On order of the Finance Commissioner $300.00 was ordered transferred from the Publicity
Fund to the Street Fund, and $1,000.00 was ordered transferred to the Water Sewer and Light Fund
from the General Fund.

Mrs. Sam Nettles and a committee of colored people appeared before the Board and
ask that the City employ colored man be employed on City projects when ever possible. A
written petition was also presented to the Board and the Clerk was directed to file same.

J.R. Lewis appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the City purchasing
a number of yards of washed gravel from the Federal Building site, as the same had been
delivered to the contractors on said building and wasn't the class needed. The City de-
cided not to buy the gravel.

At this time a number of gaming applications were presented to the Board for consid-
eration. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with
the Clerk. All applications were from places already established in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that all
gaming licenses presented to the Board at this time be approved and the Clerk be directed
to issue licenses for the same for the fourth quarter of the year 1933.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of slot machine applications were presented to the Board for
approval. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with
the City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the slot machine licenses be granted, and the Clerk was directed to issue
the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Mundy and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed by Finance Commissioner Arnett to transfer $1,000.00 from
the General Fund to the Water Sewer and Light Fund, and to transfer $300.00 from the Pub-
licity Fund to the Street Fund, and to draw a warrant for $300.00 for the Las Vegas
Chamber of Commerce. This amount had been voted at a recessed regular meeting of the Board
of Commissioners held on the 11th day of August 1932, and to be used in the work with
the All Year Club of California.