RELOCATION OF HOUSING	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from the United Fund requesting authorization

AUTHORITY BUILDING	to move a Housing Authority Building on to City Property located	west of the railroad

Salvation Army Shelter	tracks; the building to be brought up to code and made available	for the use of	the

Salvation Army. This building that is being donated by the Housing Authority is the
(Note: Taken up later	recently vacated nursery building located at 12th and Bridger at	Kelso Turner.	The

in the Meeting)	proposed site which the Salvation Army wishes to lease from the City is located	on the

north side of Bonanza Read just west of the Union Pacific Railroad tracks.

Commissioner Whipple expressed a favorable opinion on the request if the building is brought
up to code but stated there should be some sort of a proposed lease. Commissioner Fountain
asked how soon the building could be brought up to code.

Mr. Bud Swanson of the United Fund spoke to the Commission and said there were to be some

people from the Salvation Army at this meeting and that they were not here yet. It was	

decided to take this matter up again later in the meeting.

USE OF DULA MEMORIAL CENTER	City	Manager Kennedy	presented a	request from the Police Athletic League for the use of the

1959 Golden Gloves	Dula	Memorial Center	to hold the	1959 Golden Gloves on February 25, 26 and 27, 1959. This

will necessitate rescheduling of basketball games which Mr. Trent said could be worked out.
Approved	The fee charged last year was $100.00 a night.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of the Police Athletic League for the use of

the Dula Memorial Center to hold the 1959 Golden Gloves on February 25, 26 and 27, 1959,	

for a total fee of $300.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp

RALSTON 0. HAWKINS	City	Manager Kennedy	presented a	letter of December 18, 1958, from Ralston 0. Hawkins, City

Acceptance of Resignation	Attorney, submitting	his resignation to be effective January 31, 1959. Mr. Kennedy stated

and	that inasmuch as this is the last regular meeting before this date, that the Board consider

Resolution of Commendation           the acceptance of City Attorney Hawkins' resignation.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Ralston O. Hawkins' resignation from the Office of City
Attorney to be effective January 31, 1959, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the City Clerk read the following Resolution of Commendation:

RESOLUTION OF COMMENDATION

WHEREAS, RALSTON 0. HAWKINS, has served as Assistant City Attorney and City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas since March, 1951; and.

WHEREAS, during his long period of service to the public as Assistant City
Attorney and City Attorney, he was always courteous, cooperative, and helpful to all with
whom he came in contact, and gave freely of his time and knowledge to all who requested
opinions, advice and legal services; and

WHEREAS, during his long period of service to the City of Las Vegas, he has
distinguished himself as a faithful, devoted public servant, and has gained the respect and
admiration of all his associates; and

WHEREAS, the Board feels that his excellent work and devotion to duty deserves
public notice and recognition by this Board.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, at a meeting thereof held on the 21st day of January, 1959, that the said Board
by this resolution expresses its gratitude to, and publicly commends, City Attorney RALSTON
0. HAWKINS, for his outstanding record in performing the duties of his office, and the Board
extends its best wishes to him in any future activity he may choose to engage in.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Resolution be entered on the official records of
the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a duly certified copy of this Resolution be for with
transmitted to RALSTON O. HAWKINS.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of January, 1959.

/s/ C. D. BAKER________________

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ ROBERT F. BOOS_________________

Acting City Clerk		

Commissioner Whipple moved the above resolution  of Commendation be adopted and order made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

NEVADA CLUB - STAGE BAR	City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from V. Gray Gubler, Attorney for the Nevada Club,

which was submitted as a matter of information so the Commission would know their plans
regarding a Stage Bar to be constructed at the Nevada Club, 105-113 Fremont and to be placed
in operation on or about March 1, 1959.

PROJECT ORDER REQUEST	City Manager Kennedy presented a Work Project Order Request No. 10-300 from the Director of

STREET CLASSIFICATION	Public Works, Richard Sauer, in the amount of $3,000.00 for work to be done by City forces

for the inventory and classification of City Streets. The information from such a report
Approved	would give the Public Works Department the necessary information to plan a program to 

maintain streets continually.

Commissioner Whipple asked what was entailed in the inventory and classification of Streets.

Mr. Sauer stated it would consist of traffic counts and the amount of traffic which would
show what streets would need to be rebuilt; in some cases where extensive patching is needed,
it will be necessary to resurface them. He suggested the hiring of one man for six months to
carry on this survey work.

1-21-59