OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 10th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County Nevada held on the 10th day of April 1929 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Marble Commissioners Ronnow, Luce and Krause and Corradetti City Attorney
and Clerk.

Report of Jack Lewis Municipal Judge approved by the mayor. Fines for month of March $221.00

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
Commissioner Krause employ a "blade operator for the next 30 days at the rate of $1.00 per hour.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following retail beverage licenses for the 2nd quarter year be granted:

H.F. Read for	Read City Drug	John Irish

Vera Magness	Alice Mitchell

Ruby Riley	Bessie Williams

K Walsh	John Stathis

Boulder Drug Store	Boulder Club Inc.

State Cafe	Dave Stearns

Earl Noon.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce Ronnow and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that
the Northern Club be granted gaming and slot machine licenses applied for for the 2nd quarter.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Nevada Beverage Co. be granted an importers license and the Atlas Supply Co. a whole-
sale beverage license.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Luce Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The considering of the Civil Service Act passed at the last session of the Nevada State
Legislature governing the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas was considered and after some
discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Luce it was
moved and carried that the City Clerk be instructed to write to the Chief of Police David Mackey,
Mark Condo, Robert Owens and Harry Miller officers and inform them that their services on the Las
Vegas Police Department would terminate the night of April 30th, 1939, such action being taken for
the good of the service.

Vote Commissioners Luce, Ronnow, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commis-
sioner Corradetti voting no. Absent none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 13th day of April, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

APRIL 13th, 1939.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County Nevada held on the 13th day of April, 1939 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present Mayor Marble, Commissioners Krause and Corradetti City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Luce and Ronnow.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
the the four men on the Police Department whose services would terminate the night of April 30,
1939, namely Chief Mackey, Officers Owens, Miller and Condo be given one week vacation with pay
during this period from April 13th to 30th, 1939 inclusive.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved end car-
ried that Commissioner Corradetti hire two men to fill the vacancy cause by the fore mentioned
vacation and that former Officers Neal Campbell, Ben Minter, Frank Boggs be given consideration
for these vacancies.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of meetings of December 29-31st, 1938 and January 4-9-13-16-23-37 1939 read and approved
as read.