Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to 

submit the matter of purchase and/or rental of the Sewage System to
Congressman Berkley L. Bunker.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the agreement 

between the Nevada Outdoor Advertising Company and the City of Las
Vegas covering the construction and installation of the Neon sign
on the Las Vegas Airport building in accordance with description
contained therein on the following terms:

Thirty-six months, at $43.00 per month with an option to renew
said lease for a period of twenty-four months at $22.00 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the resignation of L.L. 

Crosthwait from the Biice Department be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendation of the Acting
City Manager that Jack Hynds, Plumbing Inspector be discharged for
cause, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following committee composed of
Archie Grant, C.G. Petrie, T.E. Fennessy, and the Board of City
Commissioners be appointed to meet with the Chamber of Commerce at
the same time the County Commissioners do to discuss the matter of
the disposition of Kelso Turner Tract with a representative of the
Regional Office of Federal Housing Authority. The City Clerk to
contract Ira Earl and the Chamber of Commerce to ascertain the time
and place of said meeting and so notify the committee.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner s Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye: noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City purchase certain O.C.C. 

equipment for a net cost of approximately $600.00 heretofore loaned to the
City by the Office of Civilian Defense.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Ba tes, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their 

consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the 

securing of funds to meet the obligation placed upon the City of Las Vegas,
by the changes in the Las Vegas City Charter approved by the State 

Legislature, March 7, 1945, and,

WHEREAS, certain obligations have been incurred in connection with
sidewalk demands, fire department, planning commission, and preliminary
work on assessment districts. Funds for which were not provided in the
regular budget and for which reimbursement cannot be obtained with the
Budget Year, and,

WHEREAS, unforeseen expenses In connection with the 1945 election, the
policing of the City, and the feeding of prisoners and the repairing of city
owned equipment, costs of which could not be properly determined at the time
the current budget was prepared, and,

WHEREAS, the only means possible to meet these obligations and 

expenditures is through the securing of an emergency loan, funds for which are
available in the unappropriated surplus account of the general fund of the
City of Las Vegas,

THEREFOR, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners that the City
do borrow a sum of Forty-two Thousand ($42,000.00) Dollars from the 

unappropriated surplus monies in the General Fund now available or as they become
available during the balance of the 1945 Budget Year,

SEWAGE SYSTEM - Purchase
and/or Rental -

LAS VEGAS AIRPORT
SIGN --

POLICE DEPARTMENT - L.L.

Crosthwait Resignation

PLUMBING INSPECTOR

Discharged -

KELSO TURNER TRACT —
Disposition thereof

FIRE DEPARTMENT — O.C.C.
EQUIPMENT -

EMERGENCY LOAN RESOLUTION