2 4 9

No bids having been received, Mayor Cragin stated that negotiations were
pending with the First National Bank of Nevada, Reno Branch. In view of
which Commissioner Whipple moved that the matter be held in abeyance pending
information from them. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Moore and Whipple and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Moore moved that the application of Raymond Salmon for 1 slot

RAYMOND SALMON	machine at the Bonanza Liquor Store, 418 Bonanza Road be granted. Motion

SECOND QUARTER	seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Whipple, Moore and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Baskin and Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Com-
missioner Whipple moved that this meeting adjourn until June 4th at the hour of
2:00 p.m. Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Moore and Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 4, 1948

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, met in recessed regular
session, pursuant to due, legal notice and call, at the regular meeting place
of said Board in Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 2nd day of June, 1948, at the hour
of 2:00 o'clock p.m.

The following members of the Board of City Commissioners were present:

Mayor	E.	W.	Cragin

Commissioner	C.	R.	Clark

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Absent:

Commissioner	R. T. Baskin

Commissioner	Robert T. Moore

City Attorney 		C. Norman Cornwall

Also Present:

City Manager	J.	M.	Murphy

City Clerk	Helen	Scott Reed

His Honor, E. W. Cragin, called the meeting to order and stated that in
accordance with the provisions of an ordinance passed by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on April 23, 1948, that
there had been published in full compliance with law, a notice advertising
for sale $35O,OOO.OO general obligation bonds, such notice of sale being
as follows: