20 people to coordinate the activities of the Urban Renewal Group.
These people must he outstanding, intelligent individuals who can
give leadership and prestige to the Program.

They should represent a cross section of the area on a non-political
basis. This group can serve as a liaison to the general population
or network of neighborhood committees to coordinate neighborhood
studies to the whole community and to make suggestions. We feel
this will be the backbone of the entire Program. We need a
comprehensive Program. The key to the importance of the Urban
Renewal Plan is a comprehensive plan. The City is concerned with the
most efficient use of the land in the best interest of the community
at large and a good plan must look far ahead to anticipate any
growth or change. No City can replace everything that is less than
perfect but can consider how much can be saved and how much must be
removed and rebuilt. It should bring a balanced economy to the City -
and foster higher pride in every neighborhood. We believe the
Urban Renewal Program will break down the old laws but it is going
to take the combined effort of all. All across the country these
plans are being put into effect. The only way is to have citizens
on the Committee by action on the part of the City Commission so
that we can avoid rush action and curtail rumors. This is why more
people from other parts of the City Should be on the Urban Renewal
Committee."

Mayor Gragson: That is in planning - to increase the number of
people in that group? If we could have a recommendation from the
Planning Department to the City Commission to get someone from the
church groups, service organizations and throughout the community -
is that the thinking you had on that?

Bills:	"I think what we have been thinking on is very close to what

Mr. Moore has said - what we have tentatively suggested - we have had
in mind for some time and have been working on the idea of City-wide
Urban Renewal Committee which would have a function somewhat different
than the Area Committee. As Mr. Bailey as well pointed out, this
Committee has been working diligently for two and a half years. They
are now coming into the real work of their job- to help the
Planning Department, the Planning Commission and City Commission on
these jobs which involve actual execution of the Project. As Mr.

Moore has pointed out - to get the total community interested in
what Urban Renewal means - not just 42 acres on the Westside, but
also Rancho Circle or Sixth Street or whatever it may be. My
suggestion is that we create a Citizens' Committee including
representatives from the various segments of the community and
representatives from this Urban Renewal Committee. The two groups
will have somewhat different functions."

Then followed a general discussion on the probable length of time a
Citizen's Committee would be functioning and Mr. Kennedy, City
Manager, stated he felt they were committed to approximately ten
years at this point.

The next item of importance for discussion was the advent of the
Freeway and Urban Renewal and how it would affect Jackson Avenue.

Mr. Bailey said that if the Committee and the Planning Staff were
not cognizant of every item as the Program moved along in the
Urban Renewal Effort, "we are going to scuttle Jackson Avenue as
a commercial street."

Following a question by Commissioner Fountain on the method of
appraising the properties to be encompassed within the Urban
Renewal. District Dave Kennedy stated "they are required to pay a
fair market price" - plus up to $200 for moving costs.

Mayor Gragson at this point said he was sure that the transition
would be such as to hurt any individual the least possible - "we
know there are going to be some that are unhappy and some that are
hurt, but we will work to minimize it."

Mr. Bailey then addressed the Commissions, as a last point in his
presentation, generally as follows: "We feel that because we need
a closer liaison, that we are going to have to keep a much closer
connection with the City Planning Department and it has been the
general thinking, and has been approached and brought to the attention
of our Committee for policy thinking, and as soon as it is possible
we feel there should be a negro on the City Planning Commission. It
is a matter of representation and I don't think it is an unfair
request. I think it would be of some consequence to the City
Planning Board and I think it is time for it. The area designated

as the Westside Area is experiencing a fast growth.........and

I have a feeling there should be someone on the Planning Commission
from this section of our community. I don't believe there are very
many there who read these legal notices and because of this fact
are not aware of what is going on in the area.

Commissioner Fountain stated he thought the suggestion was
completely in line and saw no reason why, when a vacancy occurs,
that the area shouldn't have a representative on the Planning
Commission.

Miss Elliott stated "we feel a need of this on our Board. We
originally wanted someone from URAAC to serve on the Planning Board."

12-8-59