ago, and Mr. Kennedy stated that it was as he remembered it approximately $1,800.00
or $2,000.00, and at that time Mr. Clough wanted about $10,000.00. He stated that
he would get the exact figures and send them to Commissioner Fountain. Commissioner
Fountain stated that he personally believed this property worth more than $3,500.00
but not $15,000.00, and that he thought the appraisal was too low.

Mr. Kennedy advised that the matter would have to be settled by a judge in court and
that he usually took a third party to check on it. He hesitated because once the
appraisal was made by the judge himself that would be it, and the alley property
might be appraised the same as the front property.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was a possibility of the property
owner getting his own appraiser and perhaps the City could get together with him
on a value. Mr. Kennedy answered that this could be done but he did not believe
a figure much below $15,000.00 could be attained.

Commissioner Sharp stated that if it would be condemned it would be necessary to
put $3,500.00 in escrow. Commissioner Fountain stated that there should be a
happy medium somewhere. Mr. Kennedy stated that he had a call from Mr. Clough's
attorney after he had received the offer of $3,500.00 and was informed that Mr.

Clough would not accept less than $15,000.00. Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that
it was a question whether or not the Commission wished to go to condemnation on
this property.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

GENERAL FUND BALANCE         City Manager Kennedy reported that after Service and Material and Payroll Warrants

were taken out, the General Fund Balance as of May 15, 1959, was $924,835.47; 
there was a refund of $366.66 to Floyd J. Cope under refund of liquor license for
unused portion of liquor license fee, and a refund of $210.00 to Mr. Cope under 
refund of gaming license for unused portion of gaming license.

OIL SURFACING LAMB BLVD. City Manager Kennedy presented a request for approval of Purchase Requisition No.
Purchase Requisition 5598 to Palomar Oil Refining Corp., Bakersfield, California, for 270 tons SC3 oil

at $30.30 per ton, making a total of $8,181.00 for road mix surfacing of Lamb
Approved	Boulevard from Owens Avenue to East Charleston Boulevard, 30 feet wide. Ground

base and equipment for placing of surface to be performed by Clark County Road
Department, under joint agreement.

Mr. Kennedy advised that County Forces have put the road into place but could not
spend money that was not agreed on. This purchase requisition is for the oil, which
they will lay, and road mix. City Forces will help haul some of the top paving
material.

Mr. Kennedy continued that they are now going to work to continue this road from
Charleston to Boulder Highway.

Commissioner Sharp asked if this was the City's share according to the agreement
with the County.

Mr. Kennedy replied in the affirmative and went on to say that in regard to Lamb
Boulevard and Mojave, 25th Street cannot be improved in any manner and that an 
assessment district cannot be created for it; therefore, it will have to be replaced and
later rebuilt. He added that Charleston and 25th Street have more traffic than they
can handle.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he had a question and that was for this amount of
money there must have been a reason why they did not go out to bid. Mr. Kennedy
answered that we have a contract on this oil and that it might be that the cost would
be $1.00 a ton more. He further stated that the County is going to do the mixing and
the company they get their material from have about the same prices. He said that the
Douglas Compary price would be about $32.00 per ton.

Commissioner Sharp asked what the right-of-way on these streets was and Director of
Public Works Sauer stated it was 80' on Lamb Boulevard and 112' on Mojave Road. 
Commissioner Sharp added that he sure hated to see these temporary things go in but did
not know what could be done. Mr. Sauer said that it is a 3" road mix and could be
added to. Mr. Kennedy agreed that road mix is not the ideal street and that it is
temporary but that it would hold quite a bit of traffic for a number of years.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 5598 to Palomar Oil Refining
Corp., Bakersfield, California, for 270 tons SC3 oil at $30.30 per ton; total,

$8,181.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor C. D. Baker.

URBAN RENEWAL FUND	City Manager Kennedy presented a request for approval of payment from the Urban

EXPENDITURE	Renewal Fund covering David Kennedy's attendance at the Urban Renewal Conference

from May 17 to May 20, 1959, at Fresno, California; registration fee of $25.00 and
Approved	lodging at $20.00 per day, or a total of $60.00 to be paid to David Kennedy; 

transportation fee of $68.40 to be paid to Willis-Cole Travel Service.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment from the Urban Renewal Fund in the total
amount of $153.40, to cover expenses of David Kennedy's attendance at the Urban 
Renewal Conference be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

5-20-59