GAMING APPLICATION
New

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Sierra Beer

Jerry's

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Changes
Coney Island

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Fair Price Cafe

CIVIL SERVICE RECOMMEN-
DATIONS

Salary Increases

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Aldo Barozzi, Alray Liquor Store,

209 Stewart Street for a license for 3 Slot Machines for the third quarter of
1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Jesse T. Howard, Larry’s Market, 631 South
1st Street for license for 2 Slot Machines for the third quarter of 1953, formerly
issued to Larry Tiede, be approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of T. Richard Montiverde, Harry J.

Ruggeroli and Frank Mirabelli, formerly issued to Messrs Ruggeroli and Mirabelli
for a license for one slot machine at the Ten Pin Tavern, 123 South 2nd Street
for the third quarter of 1953 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by t he following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

No action was taken on the application of the Las Vegas Club Bingo for one Bingo
Game with 205 Chairs, until the ordinances have been complied with.

No action was taken on the application of Kroloff Distributing Co. for license
for 4 Slot Machines at the Chicadee Arcade at 1311. F Street until a restaurant
license has been secured at this location.

Commissioner Bunker moved that no action on the application of Dave Steams at
113 South 1st Street for a Race Horse Book License be taken until the building
conforms to code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Saul Margulies dba Sierra Beer Distributing
Co. 1301 South A for a Wholesale Beverage License be approved subject to investigation by
the Police Department .

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and his Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Jerome J. Glatter dba Jerry’s Snack
Bar, 407 Fremont for a cabaret liquor license be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Bob Featherstun dba Coney Island Cafe,

412 South 2nd for a Restaurant Beverage License be approved subject to investigation
by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Silver State Lodge #1158, 504 Jackson for
a Club Liquor License, the same being a change of officers, be approved subject to
investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the request of Harry J. Ruggeroli and Frank Mirabelli to

add the name of T. Richard Monteverde for the tavern liquor license at the Ten Pin

Tavern, 123 South 2nd Street be approved subject to investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ruth Chidester dba Fair Price Cafe,

219 North 1st Street for a Restaurant Beverage -License be approved, subject to
investigation by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following meritorius increases, as recommended by the
Civil Service Trustees be approved effective as of July 1, 1953.