Commissioner Fountain moved that Change Order No. 1 for the connection to the pres-
sure tank at the Golf Course in the amount of $1838.55 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 9:10 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9:30
P.M. with all members present as of the time of recess.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Fountain moved the application by C.C. King for one additional poker

Additional	game at the Golden Nugget, Inc., at 129 Fremont Street be approved and the Supervisor 

of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application by Leo Massaro for license for 6 additional
slot machines at the Golden Gate, 1 Fremont Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application by Milton Prell for license for 4 slot
machines, 2 "21" games, and 1 Roulette, additional gaming at The Mint, 110 Fremont 
Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of C & L Enterprises, by Cecil Lynch for
6 slot machines at the Blue Onion, 2100 Fremont Street be approved, and the Supervisor 
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE - New 	The Commission considered the application of Moe Taub for a Race Horse Book license 
at 124 South 1st Street. City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that
The Paddock Race Book 		Mr. Taub has entered into a lease on the property that was formerly occupied by

Sammy's Newstand, and it is proposed to construct a new building, if the Board
approves Mr. Taub's application. Mr. Kennedy further reported that Mr. Taub has
previously held a liquor and gaming license in the City, has been approved by the
State for a Race Horse Book license; and if the Board so desires, this application
can be approved subject to clearance by the Police Department upon completion of
the investigation. Mr. Kennedy stated that it will be approximately 60 days before 
Mr. Taub is ready to commence operation, if granted a license.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Moe Taub for a license for a Race
Horse Book at 124 South 1st Street, Paddock Race Book, be approved subject to a
favorable report by the Police Department; add if a favorable report is received,
that the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Marie Phillips for change of location 

Charleston Inn	of the license for the sale of cigarettes from 17 West Charleston Boulevard

to the Charleston Inn at 1107 South 2nd Street be approved, and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSES           City Manager Kennedy reported that there are three applications on file for Package 

Applications on File	Liquor Licenses, and he was aware of the fact that the Commission would not

wish to action the following applications until there is a full Board present:

LOVELAND MARKET	Orlin C. Loveland	2421 East Bonanza

WESTSIDE GROCERY	Theodore Lawson &	322 Madison

Elijah Pullens

FAIMAN VILLAGE MARKET 	Robert Faiman	1000 Tonopah Highway

LIQUOR & GAMING LICENSES        Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Marie Phillips for change of location
Change of Location	of her license for one slot machine and the Retail Restaurant Beverage liquor license

Charleston Inn	 of the Charleston Inn from 17 West Charleston Boulevard to 1107 South 2nd

street, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue 
the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSE -	City Manager Kennedy presented the police report on Frank Cobert, applicant for

Addition of Partner	one-third interest in the Race Horse And Sports Book issued to H.P. Hurley and

Derby Turf & Sports	Jack Roland at the Derby Turf and Sports Club, 113 South 1st Street. Mr. Kennedy

advised the Commission that the report on Mr. Cobert is unfavorable.

7-2-58