Clerk was directed to acknowledge receipt of same.

Bids on the decorating of the library were next brought before the Board.

Three bids in all were received, as follows:

J.L.Smith	$162.50

W.L. Aplin	79.00

W.L. Schuyler	146.00

These bigs were laid over for further consideration.

The Board next took up the matter of the widening of Fremont Street. After due consider-
ation the following Resolution was duly passed.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that a notice of proposed improvement in widening portions of Fremont
Street by grading for street improvements and constructing of hydraulic cement concrete
curbs and gutters and laying of Durite Pavement and performance of other work incidental
thereto on the northerly and southerly sides of Fremont Street from Main Street to Fifth
Street as per plans, diagrams, and estimates on file in the office of the City Clerk, be
published two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, and a copy be posted in
three public places in the one ward in said City, and a copy be posted in or near the
United States Post Office in said City, and a copy be posted in three public places near
the site of said proposed work. Such notice setting time for Board to meet and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties interested to the proposed
improvements on Monday the 30th day of June, 1930, at three o'clock P.M. at the Board
Room of said Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business appearing before the Board at this time the
meeting recessed until Monday the 16th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 16th, 1930.

Present J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell, and Thomas,
also City Attorney Stevens.

On absence of City Clerk the City Attorney was requested to record the minutes
of this meeting in the memo book.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that the sum of $1,500.00 out of funds in the Library Fund be placed
on time deposit on interest in the First State Bank, and that a warrant be drawn for
such purpose and the Treasurer consummate the transaction.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas,
and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion duly made seconded and carried meeting recessed until Thursday the
19th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 19th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of June 19th, 1930 at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, Mayor Hesse, City Attorney

Stevens.

Absent Commissioner Hansell, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Bill of Fred Callahan allowed for $55.00, construction of sidewalks, also the
bills of Ed Strupat for $6.02, Harrison L. Stocks $7.00, F. L. George, Inspector $175.00,
Nevada Engineering and Construction Service for $975.40, Fred Callahan, Inspector, $175.00
and Paul Hosman for $300.00 Engineer in charge for the City.