WHEREAS, the proposed increase in the tax rate for the City of Las Vegas will result in
a rate of $1.05 of the total tax rate of $4.23 to be levied; and

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas feels that the increase
to $1.05 is necessary for said City, and in the public interest,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that the tax rate for the forthcoming fiscal year should be $1.05 per $100 00
valuation of property within the City of Las Vegas based upon a total tax rate of
$4.23; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the County Assessor of Clark County, Nevada, be requested to
fix said rate for the City of Las Vegas at $1.05 per $100.00 of valuation on the property
within said City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Nevada Tax Commission be advised and requested to make
any necessary changed to conform any assessment rolls to the provisions contained in
this Resolution.

Dated:	September 13, 1954

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger	C.D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, this special
meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 15, 1954

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 15th day of September, 1954, was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Rex. A. Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Asst. City Manager	R. W. Notti

City Attorney	Ralston Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Sharp moved that the minutes of September 1 and 9, 1954, be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the application of the
proposed change of zone on the location of Tavern Liquor licenses, generally described
as being the zone on Main Street from Charleston Boulevard southerly to the inter-
section of South Main and South 5th Streets, the matter was considered by the Board.

The Mayor asked if there was any discussion from the floor. Lt. Hall representing
the Salvation Army located at 10 Stewart Street protested this proposed rezoning
on the grounds that they did not want a tavern serving liquor adjacent to the church.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that this proposed change of zone for Tavern Liquor licenses
be denied.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion.

Before the vote was taken, Mr. Drexel Denton asked the Commission the reason for this
motion of denial due to the fact that this was a commercial zone and there were
petitions in favor of said rezoning.

Commissioner Whipple stated that there were two reasons for this denial. First, it
would create a greater policing problem, and, second, that he knew of a number of
people that objected to this rezoning and the Committee felt there was ample zone for
tavern locations in Las Vegas.

9-15-54

MINUTES

TAVERN LIQUOR LICENSE
Rezoning

Denied