Commissioner Sharp inquired if there was any manner in which the
filling station could he screened off from surrounding property
which would be satisfactory to the property owners.

Mr. Robert Smith, a property owner, stated that if a wall were erected
of sufficient height to screen the gas station, it would not permit
adequate air to enter his home and he would not be able to see out
above the wall; furthermore, that three of the bedrooms in his home
were directly across the road from the proposed filling station and;
because of this, it would be impossible to sleep days, because of the
noise created by cars going in and out and bells ringing. In addition,
Mr. Smith stated the proposed filling station would devaluate his
property by at least a couple of thousand dollars.

Another property owner asked the Board of Commissioners if they would
like to have a gas station in their backyards, to which Commissioner
Fountain replied that there was a case on Bonanza where they went
right through the people's front yard and that Mr. Burley Jones had a
laundry next to his home. He commented, further, that the home of the
property owner (who had just spoken) was much farther from the proposed
service station than people living across from him and that those
people built their homes after that service station was built.

The property owner then stated that, in his opinion, something is
lacking in the City Ordinances or rules and regulations if a tract
builder such as built their homes is allowed to present a beautiful
community to the City Planning Board, gets Planning Board approval
and the approval of the Board of City Commissioners, and then cuts
off a corner here and there and requests that these corners be rezoned.
He added the people living in that area did not want a gas station and,
although he was not immediately involved, Mr. Smith would have a real
problem. He continued that people living in that area had spotlights,
to light up their backyards, and in nice weather spent a great deal
of time in their backyards and did not want to be looking at a
filling station. He mentioned, further, that he did not think it was
right to allow a subdivider to deviate from the original plans and
he thought there should be some jurisdictional rule to this effect, so
that when a person buys a home - and people who buy tract homes
usually buy just one in a lifetime - they will not have a gas station
facing their backyards because the builder wants to make a little more
money.

Commissioner Fountain stated he had no argument with this property
owner on that point.

The property owner then maintained that if this Use Permit is approved,
all property owners in the vicinity would be penalized.

Mr. Robert Smith stated that he would rather take a chance on this
property being used for some commercial purpose other than a gas
station.

Mr. Herbert Jones, attorney, stated that the Board of Commissioners
had heard him six or eight times, that he had said everything possible,
and hoped the Use Permit would be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved Use Permit U-16-59 be denied, stating he
respected Mr. Herbert Jones' judgment, but could not see people's
homes being penalized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; Commissioner Fountain voting no, stating he sympathized with the
property owners, but progress cannot be stopped and it was his thought
that nothing but a service station could be built there. Absent:
Commissioner Elwell.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the application of
Franklin Realty and Development Co. for reclassification of property
legally described as a portion of the East 843.03' of the South
683.7' of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 3, T21S, R6lE,

MDB&M, generally located on the NW corner of San Francisco Avenue and
Maryland Parkway, containing 9.535 acres, from R-1 and R-2 to C-C.

He stated this involved the use of the formula included in the
Ordinance defining neighborhoods and, as the area requested for the
C-C zoning formula and procedure, a reasonable detailed plot plan and
preliminary layout had been submitted, which had been checked,
rechecked and amended, and he submitted this plot plan and preliminary
layout for the Board of Commissioners' inspection. He informed the
Board of Commissioners that the applicant would be required to sub-
stantially follow the plan submitted. He continued that the applicant
had also submitted the required construction schedule, comprising
three units, which should be completed by January, 1962. He stated
he specifically wanted to bring this out, because the matter of the
construction schedule had been overlooked in the Planning Commission
hearing. He pointed out there were substantial offsite improvements
and stated the agreement should clearly state that these were the
entire responsibility of the developer.

12-16-59

REZONING Z-29-59

Franklin Realty and
Development Co.

Approved