OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 5th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of May, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

All reports approved by the Mayor.

Commissioner Thomas was appointed to act as Finance Commissioner due to the absence
of Commissioner German, Finance Commissioner.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of April as follows:

$2,140.50	 Municipal Court Fines.

3,727.50	Licenses and Fees

500. 00 	Sale of Highway Bonds.

6,368.00	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$500.00 Highway Bond Fund.

211.00	Water Sewer and Light Fund

200.00	Cemetery Fund.

1,900.00	General Fund

3,557.00	P and F Fund.

6,368.00	Total.

Minutes of all precious meetings from February 10th to April 22nd inclusive read
and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 8th day of May at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 8th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of May at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

At this time the Board of Commissioners entered into a discussion as to the way to
handle the case filed in Carson City in the Supreme Court by Attorney Horsey, for Roy Grimes.
Said suit was filed because the Board of City Commissioners refused to grant a gaming license
to said Roy Grimes and partners to be operated under at Lorenzi Resort.

After some discussion upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner
German the following resolution was duly passed:

Resolved, That F. A. Stevens, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, be directed
to appear in Carson City, Nevada, on May 27th, 1931, and file a demure in answer to the
suit filed in the Supreme Court in said Carson City against the City of Las Vegas, naming
the Board of City Commissioners, The Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and each individual
Commissioner. That the City of Las Vegas bear the expense of the said City Attorney's trip
in representing the City Board of Commissioners, the Mayor and each individual Commissioner.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Commissioner Hansell voting No.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 12th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.