OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1938.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of May, 1938 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem Marble, Commissioners Krause and Ron-
now, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett and Commissioner Perry.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

City Clerk's report approved by the Mayor Pro Tem.

Mr. Fyhen and a delegation from the Central Labor Union appeared before the Board at this
time asking that the City render a decision in regard to whether or not the City's Ordinance
No. 181 should remain effective. Said Ordinance governing picketing. Mr. Fyhen was informed
that the Board would give this matter consideration at a meeting to be held in the near future
and that the Labor Union would be notified of such meeting.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from the Power Board of the City of Las
Vegas wherein was stated the opinion of the Board as to proceeding with the purchase or in-
stallation of a power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the letter be filed and the Clerk instructed to acknowledge same.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause the following Preambles
and Resolution was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, the voters of Las Vegas, many months ago, at the City Election, went on record
in support of municipal ownership of a power and light facilities, and among other things,
authorized a bond issue of $250,000.00, therefore: and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners and the mayor, have, since that time, endeavored
to carry out such expressed will of the voters, by the necessary prolonged litigation, as the
result of which they have firmly established the legal right of the city to enter into such
activity, and

WHEREAS, due to changed conditions, since said vote was taken, brought about a very sub-
stantial reduction in burdensome and excessive power rate schedules which effect the consumers;
and enforce reduction of approximately thirty per cent in the City tax levy, which adversely
affects the power of the City in such an undertaking, the City Commissioners at the present
time are confronted by the serious and difficult problem of deciding whether or not they City
Taxpayers on whose shoulders must fall the initial burden, are still desirous of having a
municipal plant established, either through purchase of existing facilities at the high price
demanded, or in lieu thereof, a new plant constructed and operated, with resulting disastrous
competition for business, end with a possibility of at least temporary increased rates to
consumers, as well as the probable difficulty in securing t the necessary allotment of power
from the Colorado River Commission, which, if granted, would require full payment for power
contracted for, whether resold or not, and

WHEREAS, that is now pending with the government a project looking to the construction
of a municipal power plant, together with an allotment covering a substantial grant, upon which
application the government is now urging immediate action on the part of the city toward con-
firmation, now therefore be it

RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Commissioners believe it unwise at the present time
and under existing conditions, to proceed with either purchase or construction of a new plant,
preferring to permit the	matter	to	rest until	conditions appear more favorable for	a successful

consummation of the plan,	should	the community	still desire to enter upon such an undertaking,

and be it further,

RESOLVED, that the	Mayor and	City Clerk	be authorized to take such steps and	execute

such papers as may be necessary	to	advise the	government of the desire of the City	to with-

draw its sponsorship of the municipal power project.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter containing the resignation of Mayor Arnett was read to the Board at this time,
wherein Mayor Arnett ask that this resignation take place on this 4th day of May, 1938

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that the resignation of Mayor Arnett be accepted as this date and that the Clerk notify
him of the action of the Board , and extend to him the appreciation of the Board for his
cooperation while Mayor of Las Vegas.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Pro Tem Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Mr. Marble, Mayor pro tem, entered upon his duties as Mayor, as same is pro-
vided by the City Charter and ordinances of the City.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the Office of Commissioner of W.S. & L. and Mayor Pro Tem be declared vacant.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Mayor Marble voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time His Honor the Mayor presented the name of Harvey Luce to the Commission
to fill the vacancy on the Board at this time. Upon vote being called, Commissioners Krause
and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye , Mr. Luce was appointed to the position of
Commissioner of Water Sewer and Light.

The Grand canyon Boulder Dam Tours petitioned the Board of Commissioners for per-
mission to park a car in front of the Apache Hotel, Second Street side, to be used as a sight-
seeing car. Formal application not being had at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that Clerk be instructed to write said company for a more detailed outline of the park-
ing for the car.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor- voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the City enter into an agreement with F.A. Monson wherein Mr. Monson would be granted 

permitted to use the City Gravel plant.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.