CHECKER CAB CORPORATION

MINUTES--March 7

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

BASEBALL PRACTICE FIELD

RIGHT OF WAY DEED
Gabriel Pahor, F.M.

Pahor and Dorothy
M. Pahor

LEO CALLIHAN -
Salary

SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
ROLL

No. 1-46 & No. 2-46

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held the
22nd day of March, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti;

City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
Absent; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Jim Opperman,

Ben Gartman, R. L. Mason, and Jack Ross, for ten taxi-cab
licenses be granted, upon filing of their insurance policy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes for March 7, be
approved by reference, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims numbers 710 to 719
inclusive in the net sums of $18,946.80 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, Carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material warrants numbers.
720 to 723, inclusive, in the sum of $9,743.89 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to put
into shape the Las Vegas High School field and the C.C.C. Field for
baseball practice and after Helldorado is over, to condition the
City Park baseball field.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of March, 1946 by the Board of
Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the deed dated the 21st day of November, 1945, executed by Gabriel Pahor,
a widower, and the deed dated the 21st day of November, 1945, executed by
F. M. Pahor and Dorothy M. Pahor, husband and wife, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be and are hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth, and for the widening of Fourth Street, Fifth Street,
and Charleston Boulevard. The execution and delivery of said deeds for
said purposes having been the condition upon which a portion of Coolidge
Avenue was vacated in accordance with resolutions passed by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, March 7, 1946.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deeds and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of this County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filled in the records
of this Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that Leo Callihan's salary for
March be granted, less Nevada Industrial Insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, Carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board confirm the 

proposed special assessment roll, no. 1-1946 and no. 2-1946
and instruct the City Clerk to refer same to the County
Assessor for further action, making payments due at once.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.