517

VARIANCE (V-13-59)
Bernice Butterfield

Approved

USE PERMIT U-20-59
Jessie M. 0'Day

Referred to Planning
Commission

Commission).

Commissioner Fountain moved that Clabe F. Hall, operator of the Hollywood Sportsbook,
115 North 1st, be cited to appear before the Board of City Commissioners at 7:30 p.m.,
September 16, 1959, to show cause, if any he had, why his Sportsbook License should
not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson -voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Chief Sheffer further advised that the Hollywood Sportsbook was presently closed and
requested this license remain in suspension until hearing had been held. Commissioner
Whipple asked if Clabe Hall was present, and Mr. Hall stepped forward to speak in his
own behalf.

Commissioner Fountain told him they had just read his letter and asked if there was
anything he would like to state. Mr. Hall replied that he fully realized the mistake
he had made and that his future was at stake and he assured the Commission he would
do anything required to permit him to continue in his business and that he would be
at the place of business 12 or 14 hours a day, or however long it was necessary, and
that nothing unfavorable would ever come up again.

Commissioner Whipple asked him if he considered his license worth very much and Mr.

Hall answered that he did. Then Commissioner Whipple asked him why he did not take
care of his license. Mr. Hall stated that he had committed a grave error which he
realized, and he would do anything in the world to keep his license. Commissioner
Sharp asked if the wagers had been paid off and Chief Sheffer advised at the present
time partial payment had been made to both winners and they had been given promissory
notes by Mr. Hall for the balance due them. Commissioner Sharp said he would like to
know what the financial status was of the establishment and City Attorney Cory stated
that the solvency of this business could be established at the show cause hearing.

Commissioner Fountain moved that due to the seriousness of the situation, the Hollywood
Sportsbook, 115 North 1st Street, remain closed until such time as show cause hearing
had been held.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

The Commission considered the application of Bernice Butterfield for a variance to
allow Margaret Frisbie to operate a rest home for the aged at 713 Linden, legally
described as Lots 9 and 10, Block 8, Buck's Subdivision, in an R-3 zone.

Approval was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment on the basis that the
property is presently used as a boarding house (legal non-conforming use) and that
there would not be much difference between the present use and the proposed one.

There were no protests. Deputy Director of Planning advised the Commission that the
building had been checked by the Building Department and the Fire Department, and met
the code.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Bernice Butterfield for a variance to
allow Margaret Frisbie to operate a rest home for the aged at 713 Linden, legally
described as Lots 9 and 10, Block 8, Buck's Subdivision, in an R-3 zone, be approved
as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1. That the housing of patients be restricted to the first floor of the building.

2. That the rest home permit be subject to annual inspections by the License Depart-
ment and that it be non-transferable.

3.	That the applicant agree to enter into an assessment district for the installation
of improvements when such a district is formed for this area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

The Commission considered the application of Jessie M. O'Day for a use permit to
allow Virgil Sells to operate a wedding chapel at 222 South 2nd Street, legally 
described as Lots 22 and 23, Block 13, Clarks Las Vegas Townsite in a C-1 zone.

Deputy Director of Planning, Donald Saylor, advised the Commission that Virginia
Ball was granted a use permit to operate a wedding chapel at this address two years
ago; however, this use permit was revoked in July of this year primarily because Mrs.
Ball had misrepresented herself as the owner of the property and certain improvements
she had agreed to had not been completed.

Denial was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment on the basis that it was not
proper to grant a use permit to conduct a use which was not permitted by the ordinance. 
There were no protests. Mr. Saylor advised further that the wedding chapel
had been operating pending action on this application.

Commissioner Sharp asked if this whole area was not being considered for C-2 zoning
and Mr. Saylor replied that it was and the hesitancy to recommend C-2 zoning had been
primarily due to parking requirements. He added the Planning Commission had under
study at this time a proposed ordinance amendment that would somewhat take care of
this situation. Director of Public Works Sauer stated this area would also come
under the proposed downtown improvement district.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be held in abeyance. (This motion failed
for the lack of a second).

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be denied as recommended by the Board of
Zoning Adjustment.

9-2-59