Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Board considered the application of J. J. Parker for a slot machine
operators license&for one pinball machine with a cash payout chute at
the Dog House Bar, 123A South 2nd Street. The City Manager advised the
Commission that the police investigation was favorable and that Mr.

Parker was installing pinball machines with cash payout chutes.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of J. J. Parker for a slot mach-
ine operators license for one pinball machine with a cash payout chute
at the Dog House Bar, 123A South 2nd Street be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported the police investigation on Gustave W. Hahn
for a Restaurant Beverage license at Desert Snack Bar, 222 North Main
Street, formerly issued to Linn Faye Wilson, was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Gustave W. Hahn for a
Restaurant Beverage license at the Desert Snack Bar, 222 North Main
Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy also reported that there was a favorable police investigation
on Albert J. Pokol who is applying for addition to the tavern liquor lic-
ense of the Dog House Bar, 123A South 2nd Street. The City Manager ad-
vised the Commission that this license is presently held by John R. Me
Corkle.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Albert J. Pokol for addi-
tion to the tavern liquor license of the Dog House Bar, 123A South 2nd
Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for additional lic-
enses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the licenses:

THE WESTERNER	H. O. Pepple	23 Fremont	1	slot

LOUISIANA CLUB	Z. Louie	601 Jackson	8	slots

OLD BOULDER CLUB	By: J.L. Young	118 Fremont	1	Bridge

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the
retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

NICK'S 5TH STREET DRUG	129 South 5th	Valley Lee Vending

RANCH INN MOTEL	712 North 5th	Valley Lee Vending

JACK MARION'S SHELL SERVICE 1021 E. Charleston Jack Marion

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for Mr. Lester Goldring to appear be-
fore the Board to show cause why his package liquor and beer bar licenses
for The Pub, 1216 South Main Street should not be revoked for the sale
of alcohol other than beer for consumption on the premises, Mr. Goldring
and his attorney, Mr. Murray Posin were present.

Mayor Baker advised Mr. Goldring that it was reported that he has sold
miniatures for consumption on the premises, which is in violation of the
ordinances, and asked Mr. Goldring what he intended to do about this.

Mr. Goldring stated that there will not be a recurrence of this incident
since he has eliminated the sale of miniatures in his place of business.

He said that he was very sorry that it had happened.

Commissioner Sharp stated that when Mr. Goldring was granted this license
he was advised to contact the Police Department to find out the rules

GAMING APPLICATION

J. J. Parker

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner

Desert Snack Bar



LIQUOR LICENSE
Add'n of Partner

Dog House Bar

GAMING LICENSES
Additional

CIGARETTE LICENSES

SHOW CAUSE HEARING
The Pub

Licenses Suspended