Upon motion by Mr. Tinch seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried that the following
slot machine licenses be granted. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Dave Stearns	15	Sweet Shoppe	22

Ciliax	4	Blackman, A. W	1

New Overland	3	Ethel Rapaport	2

Boulder Liquor	2	Sam Stearns	6

Harry Samet	1	Silver State Service		     1	

Jimmy Fulcher	10	Anna Cooke	1

Charles M. Parish	1	Edward Tip Rowe	1

L. V. Barbecue-	3	Ralph S. Purdy	1

T. F. Ball	1	H. B. Adams	1

Mae's Grocery	1	Gus D. Corey	3

Charles Williams	2	Joe Morgan	10

Professional Drug	2	Tom Painos	1

Foreign Club	3	John Stathis	1

	Thomas E. Kirby	1



Mr. Lawrence of the Vegas Sweet Shoppe asked permission to operate four machines until the 1st of August
without obtaining a license for same, stating that they were going out of business at that 
time and that he has two machines at that location which he has paid for the full quarter.
The Board refused to grant permission and instructed the Clerk to so notify Mr. Lawrence.

Upon motion by Commissioner Smith seconded lap Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
that a retail beverage license be issued to Mrs. Bates. Vote: Commissioners, Smith,

Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A committee of electrical contractors waited on the Board and some discussion was
had regarding a proposed electrical ordinance. His Honor stated that the Board considered
this a very important ordinance and wished ample time to study the matter before passing
any ordinance.

Mr. Smith made a motion that the bill for $8.38 be paid for insurance premium on
survey equipment owned by the City. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A letter was read from Dr. C. W. Woodbury, Chairman of the Golf Board, regarding
the budget for the balance of the year. Commissioner Smith stated that the sane man who
laid out the course for the Brookside Club in Pasadena, California laid out the Course her
and that Mr. Smith contacted him when on a recent trip to California and that he finds
the following fees being charged by the Brookside Club: $5.00 per month per person and
$7.50 per month for man and wife and $12.00 per month for family and 50¢ per day for
daily players. Mr. Smith also finds that the Las Vegas Club charges $3.00 per quarter or
$1.00 per month per person and $6.00 per quarter for family and 50¢ per day for daily
players. Mr. Smith suggested the following rates for the Las Vegas Course: $2.00 per
month per person; $3.50 per month for man and wife; $4.50 per month for family and 50¢
per day for daily players.

Mr. Rubidoux stated that R. D. Pollock wished to take his Vacation from July 16th
to August 1st and that Wiley Woodard wanted to go from August 6th to the 20th, which was
satisfactory with the Board.

Mr. Smith made a motion that Frosty Shaw be allowed to use the Ball Park for a
benefit soft ball to be given July 20th, 1941 and the proceeds to go for the erection of
bleachers. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Clerk read a letter addressed to Mr. Deadrich and signed by Mr. A. F. Smith, Sr.

Mr. Smith made a motion that this letter be approved by the Board. Motion seconded by Mr.
Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion carried.

The Petition of Lila Hickman for permission to operate a beauty shop in her home
at 327 S. 9th was presented to the Board at this time. Said Petition being signed by a
sufficient number of property owners.

Mr. Smith made a motion that said Petition be granted. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch.
Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Motion carried.

The Clerk read a letter from Mr. A. F. Smith, Sr., requesting permission to be
absent until the August 16th meeting of the Board. Mr. Rubidoux made a motion that Mr. Smith
be excused until August 16th, 1941. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.



A letter was read from Mr. O. Kimball representative of Maryland Casualty Company, regarding city of Las Vegas Airport Liability.

A letter was read from the Civil Aeronautics Board at Washington, D. C., which
had been addressed to John L. Russell regarding the change of allocation of the subject matter
of the Las Vegas airport. Mr. Smith made a motion that same be turned over to the City

Attorney. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux
and His Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

A letter was read from F. DeVinney, County Assessor regarding purchase of
certain lands. Mr. Smith made a motion that the matter be given to the proper person for
investigation and recommendation. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners,

Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.



The Clerk at this time read a report from the City Attorney regarding the appointment of the Fire
Chief; application of Boulder Liquor Store for liquor license; Regarding Negrete Vs. The
City of Las Vegas No. 11758 and also the complaint against T. M. Murry. Mr. Smith
made a motion that said report be accepted. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote:
Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that Harold Case be re-appointed fire chief. Motion seconded
by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion carried.