OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. March 3rd, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of, Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of March, A.D 1925, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.
Present Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, A.R. Anderson and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney,

F.A. Stevens, and the city clerk, the Mayor, Hon. W.C. German, being absent. In the absence of the
Mayor, the Mayor Pro Tem ,W.H. Elwell took the chair.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read and there being no om-
issions or corrections, same were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claims of

S.W. Craner was laid over for future action, said claims being in the amount of $21.50. The
claim of C.M. Petersen in the sum of $80.00 was held up because same was not accompanied by
requisitions.

It appearing to the -Board that the sum of $348.47 was paid out of the General Fund of
the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of publishing Notices of Sale of Highway Bonds, printing
of said bonds and express on same, and said sum of $348.47 being a just charge against the
Highway Bond Fund of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas be and he is
hereby directed to transfer the sum of $348.47 from the Highway Bond Fund of the said City of
Las Vegas to the General Fund of said City of Las Vegas, and it is further ORDERED that the
Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby directed to transmit to said city treasurer a cer-
tified copy of this Resolution. Said resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and passed on the following vote: Commissioners Matzdorf and
Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 108 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to Repeal Section 1 of Ordinance No. 75 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to Amend Section Seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing for the purpose of regulation
and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within
the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon
the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or
conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35"
approved December 3,1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915, by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and
further amended March 5th, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas by amending subdivision
27 of said Section 7, and by adding a new subdivision to be known as subdivision No. 44 to said
Section 7." Same was passed and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson
and Elwell, Aye. Noes, none. The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published for one week
( one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 109 of the City of Las

Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to Prohibit Children and Minors under the age of eighteen years

from loitering around the Streets and other public places in the City of Las Vegas at night ,

providing penalties, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in Conflict herewith,"


and same was passed and adopted on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com. Anderson, 

upon the following vote: Commissioners Matzdorf and Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, Aye. Noes, none. 

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper 

published in the City of Las Vegas, for one week ( one issue).