ZONE EXCEPTION-
  Cases No. 18-20-
21 & 22

CGP:GM

cc-City Manager
B. Mohlon Brown

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
planning Commission regarding Zone Exception cases No.

18, 20, 21 and 22 which are as follows, be approved.

	October 3

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners	19	46

War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	zone exception case #18, B. Mahlon Brown

Lots 10, ll, 12, 13, l4, 18, and 19,

Block 22 Wardie Addition

Lots 16, 17, 18, 19, Block 23, Wardie

Addition

Lots 29, 30, 31, 32, Block 24, Pioneer
Heights Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable
board adopt an order approving the recommendation of the joint
planning commission that the above petitioner be granted permission to
use the above mentioned lots for LIMITED COMMERCIAL USE as described
below. Such lots are located in residence zone #1 as legally described
in the petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the office
of the planning commission. These lots adjoin an area on the north
side of East Charleston Boulevard which is being established as a
neighborhood business district in the new land use plan.

It is further recommended that the order include the
following provisions:

1.	That such lots be subject only to LIMITED
COMMERCIAL USE classified as professional
offices for the administration to persons
(but nor for the housing thereof) of 

professional, medical or dental practices.

2.	The display of any signs upon the above 

mentioned premises shall be limited to one sign
for each professional office not exceeding
one-half square foot in area and containing
only the name of the occupant. No flashing
or blinking lights shall be placed upon any
such sign which shall be located at the 

entrance of each professional office.

3.	That the conduct of such professional use be
subject to any other laws or regulations of
the State of Nevada or the City of Las Vegas.

4.	That the external appearance of buildings of
structures to be erected for the housing of
such professional offices be of residential
character and that all plans relative thereto
be submitted to and approved by the planning
commission prior to the issuance of a 

building permit for same.

5.  That additional right-of-way needed for the
widening of Charleston Boulevard be conveyed
to the City of Las Vegas, as verbally agreed
to by the petitioner, at the time of or prior
to the issuance of building permits for any
structures to be located on said property.

This petition involving property legally 

described therein and classified in residence zone #1 was presented
to and reviewed by members of the joint planning commission on
October 1, 1946. After consideration of all factual data before 

members of the commission, it was determined that the exception here recommended under
the conditions set forth was consistent with the intent and purposes of
the City zoning ordinance and amendments thereto now being prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

Las Vegas — Clark County
Joint planning Commission

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer