City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Lucky Strike Club
to hold a "Grand Opening" celebration from February 1 through
February 7, 1960.

Commissioner Fountain moved approval be given the Lucky Stroke Club
to hold a "Grand Opening" celebration from February 1 through
February 7, 1960, subject to the adoption of the Give-Away Resolution
and compliance therewith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that bids on the Baldwin
Grand Piano had been opened at 2:00 P.M. on January 19, 1960, and
that Mrs. C. Norman Cornwall was the high bidder with a bid of $760.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid of Mrs. C. Norman Cornwall in the
amount of $760.00 for the Baldwin Grand Piano be accepted, and Mr.

George Albright notified to this effect.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Don Strickland to move
the Wigwam Building from South "A" Street. Mr. Kennedy stated this
building was previously moved to South "A" Street for the purpose of
storing it there and, although this building met the Building Code
requirements, Mr. Strickland did not specify the location to which he
desired it moved. His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated he thought this
matter should be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that City Manager A. H. Kennedy be granted
leave from February 15th through February 19th, for the purpose of
attending the City Managers Meeting at San Diego, California.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the matter of the Bench Contract be
held in abeyance until the next meeting, due to Mr. C. Norman Cornwall s
inability to be present this evening, because of a prior commitment
in the Supreme Court at Carson City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the transfer of ownership of the El
Morocco Club be approved, on the basis of favorable police report,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
license.

It was pointed out that there were 6.55 shares of stock outstanding
and that these shares could not be issued without approval of the
City of Las Vegas and the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Resolution previously adopted,
providing that no new liquor licenses be issued until adoption of the
new Liquor Ordinance, be rescinded, and that the application of
Marion Haun, Manager, for a limited package liquor license at
Thriftimart, Inc., 1808 E. Charleston Boulevard, be approved on the
basis of favorable police report, and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license. Commissioner Fountain went
on to explain that, although the Board of City Commissioners had
agreed with the Licensed Beverage Association that no new liquor
permits would be issued until after the adoption of the new Liquor
Ordinance, Mr. Swain, President of the Licensed Beverage Association,
and Mr. Jim Young, of the Boulder Club, would be out of town until
the 1st or 2nd of February; that he had spoken to three members of
the Licensed Beverage Association and they felt this license should
be issued under the old ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Paul S. Carter be appointed to the
Board of Electrical Examiners, to fill the vacancy created by the
expiration of Mr. Hillis' term.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

1-20-60

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB
Grand Opening Celebration
Approved

BALDWIN GRAND PIANO
Award

WIGWAM BUILDING
Don Strickland
Discussion

MANAGERS' MEETING
A. H. Kennedy
Attendance Approved

BENCH CONTRACT
Held in Abeyance

EL MOROCCO CLUB
New Owners
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New Owner
Thriftimart, Inc.
Approved

BOARD OF ELECTRICAL
EXAMINERS

Appointment Approved