63

Stock's Mill & Supply Co.	Pouring, finishing and furnishing all necessary

Materials for 1214 square feet of 4" concrete
floor 110 lineal feet 8" wall over footing, 20
lineal feet of curb.	$875.58

F. M. Callihan, Jr.	863.40

Thereafter Commissioner Corradetti moved that the foregoing bids be
rejected and that the City handle the work on a forced account.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none

KALTENBORN CASE	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be authorized to dismiss 

	the case in District Court now pending against Mr. Kaltenborn for 

violation of the building code upon his securing the proper building
permit as required.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

F. C. CARPENTER	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be notified to appeal

MATTER	to the District Court from the decision of the Municipal Court in the

Violation Building Code matter of the City of Las Vegas vs F. C. Carpenter.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

ELECTION -- Canvass	The Board at this time proceeded to make a canvass of the ballots

of Votes	cast at the General City Election held on the 6th day of May, 1947,

the election of a Commissioner First Class and a Commissioner Third
Class, City Attorney, Municipal Judge, and Mayor. And also a canvass
of the votes cast for or against the proposed Bond Issue entitled:

No. 1	" Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum

of $350,000.00 to secure the necessary funds to fin-
ance the exercise of the option contained in the lease
of War Public Works Project NEV.26-116-F from the
United States of America to the City of Las Vegas, for
the purchase of all Government's right, title, and in-
terest in and to the leased property consisting generally
of the Sewage Disposal Plant, pipe, pipelines, accessories
and facilities for the conveyance of sewage together
with certain lands or interest in lands, in or near the
City of Las Vegas, and to finance the extension and
improvement of said project?"

No. 2	" Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of

$350,000.00 to secure the necessary funds to finance the
construction of a sewage disposal plant?"

No. 3	" Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of

$250,000.00 to secure the necessary funds to finance
the construction of storm sewers and storm drains?"

No.4	" Shall the City of Las Vegas issue bonds in the sum of

$125,000.00 to secure the necessary funds to finance
the payment of an emergency loan for the completion
of the construction of the City Police Station?"

The result of the canvass being as follows:

FOR MAYOR

Walter B. Bates