Commissioner Rubidoux moved that that certain lease between the City of Las Vegas and
the United States of American No. OIN-128 be renewed for a period of one year. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city attorney be authorized to draw up an ordinance
setting up a business district for the colored people in West Side along the lines
suggested by the Planning Engineer and as designated on that certain map on file in the
city clerk's office. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the petition of certain property owners requesting the
establishment of a business district in Block six (6) H. F. M. and M. Addition to the
city of Las Vegas be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Two other petitions , one signed by Oral Pickett and one by Mrs Fudder Mae Allen, were
ordered tabled pending adoption of zoning ordinance.

A letter from Ira C. Heaven regarding damage done to his car by one of the city garbage
trucks was read and referred to the city attorney.

A claim of E. M. Pahor for refund of $18 for city license was presented. The city attorney
stated that said claim was not refundable.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until 7:30 P. M. Tuesday, July 7, 1942.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by unanimous vote.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JULY 7, 1942

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th day of
July, 1942. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour
of 7:30 P. M., with the following members present:; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and City Attorney, Paul Ralli, city auditor, A. W. Blackman, city clerk, Helen
Scott Reed.

Reading of the Minutes of July 6th were dispensed with until July 16th.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City Commissioners go on record accepting
the Municipal Airport Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Jerry Mack for a retail beverage license
at "C" and Jackson Streets, Westside, be tabled pending zoning ordinance. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of O. H. Hillman for a slot machine license
at 217 N. Main be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Louis Wiener, Sr., for a retail beverage
license at 129 Fremont Street be referred to the police department. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Robert Brooks for a gaming license at
600 N. Main Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of A. F. Schellang for a retail tavern
liquor license and for slot machines at 115 N. 1st Street be granted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of Lester Golding for a slot machine license at 129 Fremont was referred
to the police department for investigation.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Moe Taub for a retail beverage license
at 1st & Ogden be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that renewals of the following gaming licenses be granted:

Betty's Cafe, Northern Club, Tips Cafe, Playland, Jackpot, Modern Food Shop, Horse Shoe
Cafe, Silver State Service Station, Professional Drug Co, Jack Weisberger, 1503 S. 5th;
Fred's Liquor Store, Tivoli Tavern, Log Cabin Bar, Frontier Club, Mandalay Bar, The Slot
Machine, Fremont Arcade, Oklahoma Cafe, Boulder Liquor Store, C. F. Reid, State Cafe,