within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada including the net proceeds of the mines

except such property s is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the sewer bond

inking fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year 1915.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be paid levied and collected for the year 1915

An Ad Valorm tax of Eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying

and being within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada except such property as is exempt

from taxation such tax to be known as and used as the Sewer bond interest fund of the City of Las

Vgeas, Nevada, for the year 1915. the vote on the above resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
 Elwell, aye, Hicks, Aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioner Hicks

and duly seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned

until the next regular in November. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit;

Commissioner Elwell aye. Hicks, Aye. a d his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

November 3rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 3rd, day of November A.D. 1915. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor With Commissioners
F.E. Matzdorf, C.P. Ball and O.D. Hick Present Commissioner W.H. Elwell being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this
Board.

At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried order d by the Board that the Sum of
Fifty dollars be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City to the
Cemetery fund of said City, the vote being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Hicks, aye,
Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time Fire Chief H.M. Lillis presented to the Board a copy of the proposed certificates to
be given to Voluntary members of the Las Vegas Fire Department and requested said Board for the
privilege of having same printed up in form and the use of said Fire Department whereupon Motion of
Commissioner Matzdorf and duly seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried it was ordered that
the said Fire Chief H.M. Lillis be and is hereby instructed to have said certificates printed for
use of said fire department, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor  the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

The Question of establishing bench marks in the Aarrdie addition to Clarks Las Vegas Townsite
coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner
Hicks and Duly carried ordered that the Bench Marks in the Warddie Addition as relates to Block
one in said Addition be and the same be established for the use of said City in the establishing
of official grades for sidewalks and street purposes, the vote on said resolution being as follows 
towit; Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Hicks, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance amending Ordinance No. 48 relating to
licenses in said City for the first reading , whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading of the Board in the December

1915.