Thereafter Mr. Singleton withdrew his application for rezoning and advised the
Commission that they would apply for a use permit.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Bunker and Sharp to check the progress on the
installation of improvements on East Charleston east from 15th Street and report back
to the Commission.

At this time consideration was given to the request of Frank and Lucille Rogers that
the Commission rescind their action of May 2, 1956 approving their application to con-
struct an addition to a single family dwelling to within 18 feet of the rear lot line at
2201 Santa Ynez Drive.

Franklin Bills, Planning Director explained that the applicants had changed their minds
and wished now to install a swimming pool.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the request be granted and the action of the Commission
granting a variance to Frank and Lucille Rogers, known as V-6-56, approved May 2, 1936,
be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade, recommended that he be granted permission to negotiate
with the low bidder on Bid No. 36.13 for the addition to the Jefferson Pool Building
and see if the bid cannot be let for a figure more near the estimate of $12,000.00.

Mr. Wade stated that the plans could be revised to take care of this negotiation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer that the plans be re-
vised and all previous bids received be rejected, be approved and the project re-bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade requested authorization to negotiate the contract on Bid
No. 56.14 for the installation of new Tennis Courts or revise the plans and request new
bids.

Commissioner Sharp moved the plans for the Tennis Courts be revised and bids be called
again, further, that all bids previously received be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented plans for the proposed assessment district to install im-
provements on East Charleston from l5th Street east. Discussion followed and the pro-
posed district was rejected.

A brief discussion was held regarding the West Charleston Boulevard area assessment dis-
trict. It was reported by City Engineer Wade that an informal meeting would be held
with the property owners in the near future and in all probability this would be a par-
tial cash assessment district. Mr. Wade was advised to continue with the plans.

City Engineer George E. Wade reported on the progress of the installation of specific
improvements in Charleston Heights No. 4 as requested by the Commission on April 4, 1936,
namely the correction of water and sewer lines and the street improvement to Red Rock
School. Mr. Wade advised the Commission that the correction of the water and sewer lines
had been accomplished and completed, but there has been no further construction work as
of that date. He requested that the City Attorney be requested to proceed in accordance
with the Commission's action of April 4, 1936.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the City Attorney be instructed to commence pro-
ceedings against the subdivider to complete the installation of improvements in Charleston
Heights Tract No. 4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time discussion was held on the tentative and final maps of Ensley Place Subdivision.
City Engineer George E. Wade advised the Commission that the original tentative map had
been approved in 1954, at which time the off-site improvements presently in effect had
not been adopted. He further advised that at this time the subdividers had been granted
permission to install a limited amount of off-site improvements such as street lights
at the intersections, streets gravelled, etc. He stated that these requirements would
not conform to the City Ordinance No. 628. He reported that the difficulty arose when
the Planning Commission recently approved the final map with the condition that the off-
site improvements in Ordinance No. 628 be complied with.

Mr. L. E. Tyson, engineer for the project was present and suggested that the Commission
allow one of two things insofar as the street improvements are concerned:

1.	Paving with ditch drainage instead of curbs, or

2.	Gravel streets with curbs and gutters.

Mr. Tyson recommended that the paving be done in this subdivision.

The Commission discussed the matter, but took no action.

City Engineer Wade presented the proposal to obtain the water rights of the McNeil Well
in order that the City could apply for .73 second feet of water which is required for use
on the Golf Course. Mr. Wade advised the Commission that this could be accomplished at
an expense of approximately $800.00 to the City, for cleaning certain lots owned by the
owners of the McNeil well.

VARIANCE - V-6-36
Frank Rogers

BID NO. 36.13 -
Jefferson Pool Bldg.
Addition

BID NO. 56.14

Tennis Courts

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

East Charleston Blvd.

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

West Charleston Blvd.
Area

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 4

Progress Report

ENSLEY PLACE
Tentative Map

WATER RIGHTS
McNeil Well