OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, NEVADA.

JULY 12TH, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of

Las	Vegas, County of Clark, Nevada held Friday July 12th, 1929 at the hour of 8:30 o'clock

P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith, German, and
Hansell together with the City Attorney, Engineer for the City and Clerk.

Minutes of	the meeting of July 11th 1929, and read, and approved as read.



Bond of Frank A. Thomason was plumbing Inspector presented to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas, Seconded Commissioners German that the bond
be excepted, and placed on file with the Clerk.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon the audit of W. J. Hooper of the books of former City Clerk Scott were
read to the Board. Books reported in good condition, and had been well, and orderly kept.
Motion duly made seconded, and carried that the audit of W. J. Hooper of the books of former
City Clerk Scott be excepted.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayo voting Aye. Noes. None.

Upon the Motion of Commissioner L. B. Hansell seconded by Commissioner O. J. Smith
the following Resolution, and Preambles were duly adopted:

Whereas, under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City of Las Vegas, in
Section 4 thereof, approved July 5th 1929, it was provided that the installments of special
assessments for street improvements should bear interest at the same rate as that provided for
in the bonds to be issued to cover the unpaid assessments at the expiration of fifty days from
the date of the confirmation and recording of the assessment roll therein authorized, and

Whereas, under the provisions of Sec. 9 of Ordinance No. 133 of the City of Las
Vegas bonds are provided to be issued by said City of Las Vegas to provide for the unpaid ass-
essments aforesaid, and

Whereas, by the terms of Ordinance No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas provision
was made for the issuance of bonds of said City to cover said unpaid assessments, and pro-
vision therein in also made for the collection of said unpaid assessments by the division of
the same into ten annual and equal installments and for the placing of said installments on
the tax roll of Clark County, Nevada and collection the same in the manner the same as state
and county taxes are collected by law, and in Section 4 thereof providing for interest on
said installments and the decreasing amounts of said assessments at the rate of seven per
cet. per annum, payable annually, and,

Whereas, the interest provided in said bonds, as fixed by the Board of City Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas pursuant to the accepted bid of said bonds was and is
at the rate of six and one-half per cent per annum, instead of seven percent, per annum as
provided in said Ordinance No. 134

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the annual interest on said unpaid assess-
ments, and the annual installments thereof, as shown by Special Assessment Roll No. 11 of

the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby reduced to and fixed at the six and one-

half per cent, per annum, instead of seven percent per annum, payable annually, and that the
Resolution be adopted by this Board on the 4th day of March, 1929, requiring the County Ass-
essor of the County of Clark State of Nevada, ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas,
to levy the installments of one-tenth of said unpaid installments for the year 1929, with
interest thereon, and on the whole of said assessments at the rate of seven per cent per
annum, be, and the same is hereby modified and amended so that the rate of said interest
shall be six and one-half per cent per annum instead of seven per cent per annum, payable
annually, and that all future installments and the decreasing amounts of said assessments shall
bear interest at the rate of six and one-half per cent per annum, instead of seven percent
per annum, interest to be payable annually as otherwise heretofore provided by the provisions
of the above-mentioned Ordinances.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED? that the City Clerk of  the City of Las Vegas certify to
a copy of this resolution under the seal of said City, and forthwith deliver the same to
the County Assessor of said County of Clark, the ex-officio City Assessor of said City of
Las Vegas:

Vote as Follows: Commissioners, Hansell, Smith, German, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner W. C German, seconded by Commissioner R. W. Thomas the
following Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted;

Whereas at a recessed meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held at the Board Room of the said Board in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nev-
ada on the 4th day of March 1929, the following Order was made by said Board, which Order
was made at the same time and at the same meeting of said Board that the City Tax Levy for
the year 1929 was made, and said Board through inadvertence, and oversight was not entered
upon the minutes of said meeting, and it is desired that such an order be placed of record
in the Minute Book of the proceedings of said Board, to take effect as of the date of the
making of said Order, namely the 4th day of March 1929.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the following Order be placed in the minute
book of said Board of the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be effective as
the date of the 4th day of March, 1929, namely:

On motion of Commissioner O.J. Smith seconded by Commissioner W. C German the
following RESOLUTION was duly adopted:

Resolve that the County Assessor of the County of Clark, acting ex-officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be, and he is hereby required to levy for the
year 1929 on and against the several owners and premises enumerated in Special Assessment
Roll No. 11 of the City of Las Vegas, except as to such owners and premises where their
respective assessments contained therein have heretofore been paid and discharged in full
an installment of one-tenth of each respective unpaid assessment, as authorized by the terms
of Ordinances No. 131 and 134 of the City of Las Vegas, together with interest on the total
amount of each of said respective, unpaid assessments from the 24th day of January 1929 the
last mentioned date being the fiftieth day from the date of the confirmation and recording