OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of November 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of October as follows:

$2,332.00 Municipal Court Fines

4,032.30	Licenses, fees.

56.50	Plumbing Permits

100.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

101.00	Extra work on streets.

6,621.80	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$4,000.00 P and F

2,364.30	General

100.00	Cemetery

101.00	Street
____________56.50 W.S. & L. Fund.

6,621.80

John Miller appeared before the Board at this time and ask for permission to have the
curb lines on Fremont Street in front of the Sal Sagev and Overland Hotels brought in about
two and one half feet so that Fremont Street at that point might be widened about five feet.
Permission was denied said John Miller on the grounds that the Board did not favor widening any
of Fremont Street until the full length of the street could be widened.

	On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following slot machine licenses

were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
Clerk, John Bush one slot machine and E.P. Bihlmaier two slot machines.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
ap plication of Mr. Hunter for the operation of a crap table at 107 South First Street be denied.
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting loud and unusual noises or the use or
occupation of the public streets or places in the City of Las Vegas for advertising purposes," was
read for a second time and passed by the following vote; Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas His
Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to known as Ordinance No. 193 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from end after its complete publication in the Las Vegas Age for one week
(six issues).

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting soliciting for sexual inter-
course, occupying or renting rooms in any rooming house, hotel or other place in the City of Las
Vegas for the purpose of sexual intercourse with a person to whom he or she is not married, and
to require all keepers of hotels or lodging hous.es to keep a register of all persons occupying
rooms in such hotel or lodging house," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote;
Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 194 of the City of Las Vegas and to be
in full force and effect from and after is final and complete publication in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper printed and published at Las Vegas, for one week, (six issues)

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 23rd day of November, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.