PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Billboards

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Off-Street Parking

HOTEL-MOTEL RATE POSTING
Proposed Amendment

WESTSIDE RECREATION
Payment to Architect

PUBLIC UTILITY
FRANCHISES
Water District

PROPOSED AMENDMENT
Board of Adjustment
Ordinance

VACANCIES ON RECOMMEND-
ING BOARDS

PROPOSED LEASE OF
PARKING LOT
Minnie M. Westlake

Pilar Santa Cruz

INVESTMENT OF SEWER
BOND FUNDS

LIQUOR APPLICATION
NEW

Fremont House
CIGARETTE LICENSES

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on Billboards, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on Off-Street Parking requested additional time before reporting, until
the public hearing on this matter has been held on August 25, 1954.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that the proposed amendment to the Hotel-Motel Rate
Posting ordinance be removed from the agenda until a specific proposal has been
received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time City Manager George Rounthwaite requested that payment of $750.00 to
J. M. Weller, architect for the proposed Westside Recreation Center, be approved
in accordance with his contract.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that payment to J. M. Weller architect for the
Westside Recreation Center be approved in the amount of $750.00 as recommended by
the City Manager, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when
prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager discussed the proposed franchise with the Las Vegas Valley Water
District with the Board at this time. Mr. Rounthwaite indicated that a meeting
would be held on Friday, August 6, 1954, with the water district, and informed the
Commission that copies of the present franchise were at their disposal.

The City Manager reported on the progress of a proposed amendment to the ordinance
establishing the Board of Adjustment. Mr. Rounthwaite stated that he and the City
Attorney were working on this matter in order that there could be a membership
of five instead of three. The City Manager indicated that it was difficult to
secure a quorum with the existing number of members and it was felt that a Board of
five members would be more feasible.'

His Honor advised the Commission that there were several vacancies on various
recommending boards and requested their consideration of five or six appointments
to be made. Mayor Baker stated that there was one vacancy on the Planning
Commission and would be one other as of September 1, 1954. He also reminded the
Commission that none of the members of the Warm Air Heating Code examining board had
been appointed.

City Manager George Rounthwaite reported on the progress of the negotiations with Minnie
M. Westlake through Otto J. Westlake for the leasing of the southeast corner of
3rd and Ogden for off-street parking. Mr. Routhwaite indicated that this lot which
is 100 feet by 140 feet could be secured for a period of 10 years for $500.00 per month.

Discussion was held and the Board agreed that the City Manager should continue
negotiations and secure the approval of Mrs. Westlake, and then present the lease
to the Commission for consideration.

Discussion was held on the proposed purchase of the lot of Pilar Santa Cruz, said
property being near the Police Department, on the corner of 1st and Stewart.

City Manager George Rounthwaite stated that he was still negotiating with Mrs.

Santa Cruz's attorney, John Mendoza on this proposed purchase, and at the present
time they were willing to sell for $20,000.00. No action was taken by the Board.

The proposal of the First California Company to reinvest $200,000 of the Sewer Bond
Funds in Ninety-day United States Treasury Bills was considered at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the proposal of the First California Company
to reinvest $200,000 of the money be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the application of Esther Schwarts dba Fremont House, 727
Fremont St. for a Restaurant Beverage License for the third quarter of 1954 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products for the third quarter of 1954 be
approved:

DELMAR MOTEL	1411 South 5th	Louis D. Smith

STANDARD STATIONS INC	1201 E. Charleston	S. T. Banta

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

8-4-54