Commissioner Tinch moved that the meeting recess until Friday, November 21st, 1941, at
the hour of 7:30 p.m., for the purpose of considering the proposed amendment to Ordinance 194
and the emergency loan only. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 21, 1941

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 21st, 1941

at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison with the following members
present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux. Paul Ralli, City Attorney. Helen Scott,

City Clerk. Absent: None.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read.

Paragraph II, page 397 was corrected to show that Commissioner Smith voted no on

the proposed trailer ordinance.



Paragraph 10, Page 398 was Ordered amended to show that Dave Mackey was hired as a permanent
Chief of Police. Thereafter, the Minutes were approved as corrected.

His Honor, Mayor Garrison, read a statement prepared by himself relative to the proposed
 Ordinance to regulate prostitution.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance prohibiting prostitution, in the city of Las Vegas
and within one mile outside of the city limits thereof; to suppress, prohibit, regulate and pre-
scribe the location of houses of prostitution, and places resorted to for the purpose of pros-
titution , and other matters relating thereto. And repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances
in conflict therewith," was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Clark moved the
adoption of said Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Tinch, Clark, and Rubidoux, voting aye. Noes, Commissioners Smith, and His
Honor Mayor Garrison.

Communications from Alfred G. McAdoo, Esq., Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company,

and the recommendations for the Planning Commission in support of a petition to vacate Artesian
Heights Estates, were read at this time.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition requesting the vacating of Artesian
Heights Estates be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to check with the Airport
to see that the city is fully protected relative to insurance covering any accidents that may
occur between the airport and trucking companys. Motion seconded By Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be authorized to make a survey of

the streets to ascertain the amount of pavement necessary to renew and to add and present the
result to the Board along with his recommendation as to the advisability of a bond issue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,

Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the city clerk be authorized to answer the letter from
the Civil Aeronautics Administration regarding changes in original plans for the Administration
Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners