OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 1st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 1st day of June at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, Smith and Hansell together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All reports approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received for the month of May as follows:

$807.00 Municipal Court Fines.

1,850.50	Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery Lots.

2,657.50	Total

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$1,525.25	General	Fund.

700.00	P and F Fund.

259.25	W. S. &	L. Fund.

175.00	Cemetery Fund.

2,657.50	Total

$1,900.00 transferred from General Fund to Street Fund.

E. W. Cragin, Mayor-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars, with United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon; said bond having
been approved by E. G. Mc G iff, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County Nevada, as required by law. Mr. Cragin also presented his oath of office. Upon motion
duly made seconded and carried, said bond and oath of office were duly approved and ordered
filed in the office of the City Clerk.

W. B. Mundy, Commissioner— Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon;
said bond having been approved by E. G. Mc Griff, Chairman of the Board of County Commission-
ers, of Clark County, Nevada, as required by law. Mr. Mundy also presented his oath of office.
Upon motion duly made seconded and carried, said bond and oath of office were duly approved
and ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk.

W. C. German, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000)
Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon; said bond
having been approved by E. G. McGriff, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, ns required by law. Mr. German also presented his oath of office. Upon motion
duly made seconded and carried, said bond and oath of office were duly approved and ordered
filed in the office of the City Clerk.

There upon Messers Cragin, Mundy, and German entered upon the duties of their offices.

Mayor Cragin at this time addressed the Board of Commissioners and stated to them the
various things that he would like to see the Board carry through.

There upon the Mayor made the following appointments, to-wit: Commissioner Hansell was
appointed to continue as Water Sewer and Light Commissioner, Commissioner Mundy was appointed
Commissioner of Streets, Commissioner Thomas was transferred from Commissioner of Police and
Fire to Commissioner of Finance and Commissioner German was appointed Police
and Fire Commissioner.

The next order of business was the election of a Mayor Pro Tem. Commissioner Thomas
placed the name of Commissioner German before the Board for nomination as Mayor Pro Tem.

There upon motion of Commissioner Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell
it was moved that Commissioner German be appointed Mayor Pro Tem.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell and, Mundy, and His
Honor the Mayor E. W Cragin voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner German not voting.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter the following Resolution was introduced and
passed.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German the following Re-
solution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board that no other or further gaming licenses
be granted by this Board other than those already granted.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German and Hansell voting Aye.
Commissioner Smith voting No. His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse not voting. Motion carried.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 1st day of June at the hour of two o'clock P.M.