On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

RESOLUTION

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to change the resolution heretofore made
authorizing the application to the United states of America through the Federal Emergency Admin-
istration of Public Works for a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction or pur-
chase and remodeling of a municipal power system and incidental facilities designed as Docket No.
Nevada 1029 to an application for grant only,

Whereas, heretofore and on the ninth day of September, 1935 the City of Las Vegas by resol-
ution authorized certain officers of te City to make application to the Federal Emergency Admin-
istration of Public Works for a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction or purchase
and remodeling of a municipal power system and

Whereas, it is deemed to be for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that the said
application be changed to an application for a grant only, therefore

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that the said appli-
cation heretofore made to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan and
grant designated as Docket No. Nevada 1029-R, be and the same hereby is changed to an application
for a grant only, and that L.L. Arnett, Mayor is hereby authorized and directed to do all things
necessary to the end that the said application be changed to a grant only.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor L.L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Marble the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

RESOLUTION

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to change the resolution heretofore made auth-
orizing the application to the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Adminis-
tration of Public Works for a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction of street
paving and curbs and gutters in the City of Las Vegas designated as Docket No. Nevada 1021-R to
an application for grant only, and

Whereas, heretofore the City of Las Vegas by resolution authorized certain officers of the
City to make application to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan a d
grant to aid in financing the construction of street paving and curbs and gutters in the City of
Las Vegas, and

Whereas, it is deemed to be for the best interests of the City that the said application be
changed to an application for a grant only, therefore

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that the said application
 heretofore made to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan and grant
designated as Docket No. Nevada 1021-R, be and the same hereby is changed to an application for
grant only, and that L.L. Arnett, Mayor, is hereby authorized and directed to do all things nec-
essary to the end that the said application be changed to a grant only.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, voting
aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Farnsworth, absent.

No further business appearing before the meeting at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 26th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 26th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, City Attorney
and City Clerk.

The following letter from the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce was read to the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada,

June 26th, 1936

To the Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

In accordance with the report made to your honorable body by our publicity committee
formal application is herewith made for the sum of $300.00, to be expended for general publicity
purposes.

Thank you and all good wishes.

Respectfully yours,

Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce
Oliver Goerman, Secretary.