RESOLUTION - Accepting
Deed — R/W Washington
Boulevard

PETITION to Set Aside
Vacation of Coolidge
Avenue

APPLICATION for Pawn
Shop License - Irwin
Litchtig - Denied

BOARD OF EXAMINERS
AND APPEALS
1943 Building Code

MC NEIL TRACT - Street
Dedication

burial expenses in the County lots to be set at the 

regular fee of $15.00, and $20.00 per grave for perpetual
care.

The foregoing rates to become effective as of this date.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution is
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 22nd day of June, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 10th day of
June, 1946 executed by Arthur Lyon and Bertha Lyon, husband and wife, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be
and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder, of the County of Clark
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the petition presented by Fred
Callihan to set aside the vacation of Coolidge Avenue be denied
and the City Clerk be directed to so inform Mr. Callihan and 

submit to him a copy of the City Attorney's opinion in connection
therewith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Upon recommendation of the Chief of Police, Commissioner Bates
moved that the application of Irwin Litchtig for a Pawn Shop license
at King’s Jewelry Store be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

At this time the opinion of the City Attorney regarding the
validity of the Pawn Shop Ordinance No. 207 was read and ordered
filed.

As provided by Section 305 of Chapter 3 of the 1943 Uniform 

Building Code, Mayor Cragin appointed the following members to the
Board of Examiners and Appeals:

Ryland G. Taylor
Al Worswick
Richard Stadelman
R. M. Finlayson
G. E. Franklin
C. G. Petrie
O. J. Morling

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the
appointments made by the Mayor, and direct the City Clerk to write
the new members expressing the appreciation of the Board for their
acceptance of the appointment; and direct the city manager to call
a meeting to adopt reasonable rules and regulations for conducting
their investigations in compliance with Section 305 of the Chapter
3 of the 1943 Uniform Building Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the motion of April 6, 1946 relative
to the revised tentative map of the McNeil Property Section 5,
Township 21 South, Range 62-E, be amended to eliminate Section B
under Item one entitled "Streets", as provided by recommendation
of the Planning Commission under date of April 4, 1946, and in the
new section the letter be corrected to read as follows; to wit:

"That the street indicated on the west boundary of this tract be
dedicated for a 30 ft. width and the sub-dividers be required to
pave a 20 ft. strip thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.