This Resolution was adopted 10-17-56 See Page 358, Book 10
*** RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Ordinance 699 provides regulations dealing with rezonings of property
within the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ordinance does require that a public hearing be held by the
City Planning Commission, but does not require that a public hearing be held by the Board
of Commissioners before a rezoning is approved; and

WHEREAS, the Ordinance does not give an absolute right of appeal by any person to
the Board of Commissioners from the decision of the Planning Commission; and

WHEREAS, the provisions of said Ordinance require that the Board of Commissioners
examine the findings and the report of the Planning Commission to determine if the public
necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice require the change or
reclassification involved; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners may in its discretion determine that an addi-
tional public hearing is necessary; and

WHEREAS, the Board feels that it would be in the public interest to establish with-
in the terms of the said Ordinance a procedure to be followed in hearing appeals from the
decision of the Planning Commission in respect to rezonings.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th day of October , 1936,

that the following rules or procedure be and they are hereby adopted for the consideration
of decisions of the Planning Commission respecting rezoning matters:

1.	That there will be, as a matter of right, an additional public hearing granted
to an applicant or a protestant before the Board of Commissioners from a decision of the
Planning Commission recommending either approval or denial of an application for rezoning,
upon the filing of a written notice of appeal with the City Clerk within ten (10) days
after the Board of City Commissioners has formally acted upon said application. Such
written notice must be filed by the applicant; or any owner of property who appeared either
in person or by a written approval or protest before the Planning Commission on the ori-
ginal hearing, or pursuant to an application for rehearing. No notice of appeal will be
considered if filed by any other person.

2.	That upon the proper filing of said notice of appeal, the procedure to be
followed will be the same as that prescribed by the Zoning Ordinance for appeals in
variance matters.

3.	That no ordinance will be prepared or presented to the Board of Commissioners
containing any changes in zoning until all public hearings concerning such a change have
been held.

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 21, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 21st day of November, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	 E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F.	Boos

City Attorney	Howard W.	Cannon

City Engineer	George E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

TWIN LAKES SHOPPING      Director of Hanning Franklin Bills presented the plot plan of the Twin Lakes Shopping
CENTER	 Center and advised the Commission that the plan and the conditions attached thereto had

Plot Plan	 been approved and signed by Twin Lakes Shopping Center, Inc., John Pappas and Phil

	Shanedling Investment Co.

Discussion was held and the matter was deferred until later in the meeting.

VARIANCE -V-12-56	Consideration was given to the application	of William H. and Mary E. Rudolph for a

WM. Rudolph	variance to construct a parking lot on	the	alley between 13th and Bruce, north of Fremont.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that this application had been approved by the Board of
Adjustment subject to the installation of a six foot board fence, paving of the entire
parking lot within 3 months and the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements. He further advised the Commission that the agreement had been signed
and a bond in the amount of $349.20 posted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William E. and Mary H. Rudolph for variance
to construct a parking lot on the alley between 15th and Bruce, north of Fremont Street
be approve subject to installation of a six foot board fence, paving of the entire park-
ing area within three months, and the installation of off-site improvements, and the City
Clerk instructed to draft the standard resolution of approval, which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regu-
lar meeting held on the 21st day of November, 1956, having considered the application
of William H. and Mary E. Rudolph for variance to construct a parking lot on the alley
between 15th and Bruce, north of Fremont; and