Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The question of the appointment of a plumbing Inspector was deferred for further discussion.

The claims of C.A. French and Fred Hood in the sums of $84.00 and $132.00 respectively were
held up for investigation. The claim of J. W. Woodard was reduced from $39.70 to $20.08 it
appearing that requisitions accompanying said claim totaled the sum of $20.08.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered on motion
of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the Board adjourn until Monday the
15th day of October at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield
and Elwell and His Honor the mayor W.C. German Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. OCT. 15, 1923.

At a Tegular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of October, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Present
Hon. W. C. German, the Mayor, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson, C. R. Shield and W. H. Elwell, to-
gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration the schedule of rates as presented by S. W. Cramer
to the public Service Commission, and it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by
Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried, that said schedule of rates be recommended for adoption with
the provision that the server, S. W. Craner supply the users with plenty of water. Voting Comm-
issioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it appearing to the Board that the Fair Board as requested that the mayor be authorized
to issue a proclamation for all business houses to close between the hours of one and five p. m. on two
days of the Fair it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Shield,
and duly carried that the mayor be and he is hereby authorized to confer with the Fair Board and to
issue a proclamation requesting all business houses to close between the hours of one and five p.m. on
one day during the Southern Nevada Fair. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell, and His
Honor the Mayor W. C. Germain, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner AnderSon , Seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered that hereafter
bills will be considered and acted upon only at the regular meetings held on the first Tuesday of every
month. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the mayor, W. C. German, Aye.

Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board, upon Motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell that the Clerk notify City Health officer, C. E. Bulette that it is the desire fo this
Board that he be present at the regular monthly meeting of said Board, held on the first Tuesday of each
month, and that he submit a report in writing at that time, Voting Commissioner Anderson, Shield and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, the following preambles and
Resolution ware duly adopted:

Whereas, on the 7th day of July, 1923 Carl Winegart, upon a plea of guilty to a charge of
unlawfully manufacturing, storing and keeping for sale intoxicating liquor in violation of
Ordinance No. 93 of the City of Las Vegas, was duly sentenced by the Municipal Judge in
the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas to pay a fine of Two hundred and ninety dollars
($290.00) and in default thereof to serve by imprisonment in the City Jail of the City
of Las Vegas one day for each two dollars of said fine, a total of one hundred and forty
days, and

Whereas in default of the payment of said fine, or any part thereof, said Carl Winegart was on
said 7th day of July, 1923 duly committed to the City Jail of said City of Las Vegas to