PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
  WARRANTS

PAWN SHOP LICENSE—
  King Jewelry

 PETITION - Coolidge
Street

GAMING APPLICATIONS

PLANNING BOARD—

Reappointment - Bob
Griffith

WAGE SCALE 1947

Las Vegas, Nevada

September 21, 1946

At a regular Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 21st day of September, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 9. a.m. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.
Absent; Commissioners Bates and Clark; and City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the minutes of September 7 an
9 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved the Payroll Claims Nos. 895 to 902
inclusive in the net sum of $17,677.60 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 903 and 904 in the sum of $4,844.22 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin , Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, noes none. Absent Commissioners Bates and Clark

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Sidney
Frank, Vice-president of King Jewelry Co. of Nevada Inc. for
a pawn shop license be granted in accordance with the 

recommendation of the Chief of Police.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

A certain petition dated September 6, 1946 to the Board of City
Commissioners signed by property owners on and adjacent to
Coolidge Street requesting that steps be taken to reopen that
portion of Coolidge Street, South 4th Street to South 5th Street
and Charleston Blvd. was presented to the Board for their 

consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that this petition be 

referred to the Planning Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following gaming applications
be approved:

THELMA & DORIS' CAFE	18 Garces	Ted Patton	1	slot

WILSHIRE OIL CO	1600 South 5th	Reba I. Truesdell

Herbert E. Ward	1	slot

LAS VEGAS CLUB	23 Fremont	J. K. Houssels	6	slots

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd & Fremont	M. T. Shorie	2	"21"	Games

1 craps

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd & Fremont	Guy McAfee	1	Faro 	Bank

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting a ye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that Robert B. Griffith be reappointed
as a member of the Joint Planning Commission for a six year term
commencing April 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

The following wage scale for 1947 was presented to the Board
by the City Manager for their consideration: