Commissioner Sharp moved this application be deferred until June 6, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Jean Burns for the rezoning of Lots 1
through 24, Block 1, Boulder Dam Homesite from R-2 to R-4, as denied by the Planning
Commission.

His Honor asked if there was anyone who wished to speak on this matter. No one appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of A. G. Neumeyer for rezoning of the NE¼ of
the NE¼ of Section 1, T21S, R60E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1 as approved by the Planning
Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the
NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 1, T21S, R60E, MDB&M be rezoned from R-E to R-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of L. S. Whaley for Home Investment Co. for
the rezoning of a portion of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, from R-1 to
R-2. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this rezoning be approved.

His Honor asked if there were objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and that portion of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M be rezoned
from R-1 to R-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

At this time the application of A. C. Delkin for rezoning Lots 7 to 16, Block 10, Ladd's
Addition from R-3 and R-4 to C-1 was considered. The Planning Commission approved this
application for rezoning.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. Mr. James Ladd appeared and requested
information as to why these lots were being singled out of the block for rezoning.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning be deferred until
June 6, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Ora Lee Snyder for rezoning of Lots 13 to
18 and. the West 50 feet of lot 19, Block 3, Original Las Vegas Townsite from R-1; to C-1.
This application was denied by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections or anyone who wished to speak on this
application. No one appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning of Lot 13 to 18 and the west 50 feet of Lot
19, Block 3, Original Las Vegas Townsite from R-4 to C-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Orvy Clark for rezoning of the West half
of the N½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 35 T20S, R61E, from. R-1 and R-4 to C-2. This
application was denied by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if anyone wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. William Singleton, appearing on behalf of Mr. Clark, was present and stated that
the property was of little value for residential use. He further stated that Mr. Clark
had presented this property for rezoning on various occasions, and if the Commission
would not permit it to be rezoned as C-2, he and his client would like to know what would
be permissible. Discussion followed, and the Commission suggested that this matter be
referred to the Planning Commission for them to work out an acceptable solution.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning be denied.

Commissioner Sharp then withdrew this motion.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that this application for rezoning be referred back to
the Planning Commission with the recommendation that an acceptable solution be worked
out with the applicant and then re-submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING - Z -9-56
Jena Burns



REZONING - Z-10-56
A. G. Neemeyer



REZONING - Z-ll-56
L. S. Whaley

REZONING - Z-13-56
A. C. Delkin

REZONING - Z-l4-56
Ora Lee Snyder

REZONING - Z-15-56
Orvy Clark