Las Vegas, Nevada

February 6, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 6th day of February, 1956 was called to order at the hour
of 5.00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager Robert W. Notti
City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Director of Planning- Franklin Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

The Commission considered the application of Ernest Amante, Peter Amante,

George Chapman, Samuel J. Spinuzzi, James Fellers, Garnet Myers and Curtis
L. Morris for transfer of the gaming and liquor licenses for teh Boulder
Club, 118 Fremont.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ernest Amante et al for gaming
license for 132 slots, 1 Bridge, 4 Craps, 6 "21", 1 Roulette, 1 Race Horse
Keno, 2 Pan and 1 Poker for the Boulder Club, 118 Fremont for the first
quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ernest Amante et al for the
tavern liquor license for the Boulder Club, 118 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented an easement for the Southern Nevada
Power Company which runs along the west side of the City Bams property.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this easement was necessary to allow the power
lines to be put in for service to the new buildings on the City property.

Commissioner Sharp moved this easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mayor Baker announced that Governor Russell has consented to place the sales
tax matter on the agenda for the special session of the Nevada Legislature,
and recommended that the City send Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, City At-
torney Howard Cannon and City Manager A.H. Kennedy to this meeting to repre-
sent the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City pay the expenses of Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp, City Attorney Howard Cannon and City Manager A.H. Kennedy
to attend the special session of the Nevada State Legislature to represent
the City concerning the sales tax matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mayor Baker presented the request of the County Recreation Board to borrow
the services of Recreation Director H.B. Trent for a period of two weeks
to study the recreational facilities in Clark County. Mayor Baker stated
that the City would be reimbursed for Mr. Trent's salary and travel expenses.

Commissioner Sharp moved that H.B. Trent be loaned to to the County Recreation
Board to conduct this study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Consideration was given to the request of the Board of Trustees of the Southern
Nevada Memorial Hospital that the City adopt a resolution petitioning the dele-
gations of Clank and Washoe Counties to urge the Legislature to consider the
appropriation of money to expand the diagnostic and treatment centers and re-
habilitation facilities of Clark and Washoe county hospitals.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Board of Commissioners in special session
this 6th day of February, 1956 do hereby urge the Nevada State Legislature
and particularly the delegation for Clark County, Nevada to consider and
adopt the following resolution at the special session of the Legislature new
in session:

WHEREAS, there is available to the State of Nevada, under U.S. Public
Law 482 of the 83rd Congress, amending Public Law 725, a grant of $300,000
a year to the State of Nevada, which may be utilized as follows:	$250,000

for diagnostic and treatment centers and $50,000 for rehabilitation facilities;
providing matching funds are available in the institutions applying for the use
of said funds;
and



LIQUOR & GAMING LICENSES
Boulder' Club

EASEMENT - Southern
Nevada Power Company



LEGISLATIVE SESSION
Sales Tax

COUNTY RECREATION BOARD

RESOLUTION - Expansion
of Hospital Facilities