BUILDING DEPARTMENT
Assistant Inspector

SALARY INCREASES

Comptroller and Park
Superintendent

SUNNYSIDE ADDITION
Sewer Manhole

POLICE INVESTIGATIONS
Liquor applicants

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Location

REZONING APPLICATIONS

USE PERMIT -
Desert Palm Trailer
Court- Denied

U-56-53

The Board considered the recommendation of the Civil Service Trustees that an
additional position of Assistant Building Inspector be created, said position
having been filled on a temporary basis by Charles Foster.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Civil Service Trustees be
approved and an additional Assistant Building Inspector position created.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the City Manager recommended that the following two department heads
be changed from their present schedules:

l. Harold Laird, Comptroller salary schedule be changed from Schedule 26,

Step 5, -$503.00 to schedule 28, Step 4, $532.00

2.0 Kenneth Hadland, Park Superintendent salary schedule 23, Step 5, $426.00
to schedule 24, Step 5, $450.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing recommendations of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Earl C. Moore for the relocation of the sewer manhole presently located
on the rear of the southwest comer lot on Bruce and Sweeney streets in the Sunnyside
Addition, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer not to moved this
manhole be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the police investigations on James J. Tatum applicant for a
Restaraunt Beverage License at the Chicadee Barbecue, 1314 F Street and Saul Margulies
applicant for a Wholesale Beverage License at the Sierra Beer Distributing, 1301
South A Street be ordered filed and the license issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bunker, Jarrett and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple and Mayor
Baker passed their votes.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the following applications for gaming license for the third
quarter of 1953, being new locations, be approved:

EL CHOLO CAFE	C.R. Millhizer	625 S. 5th	2 Slots

PEPPER'S 5 & 100 STORE P.J. & John Buckley 2150 E. Charleston 1 Slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Albert Hale & Alfred J. Quodbach, Little
Casino, 110 North 1st Street for license for l Poker game for the third quarter of 1953
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Rezoning applications Z 58-53. Z-59-53, and Z-61-53 were held until the next meeting on
September 16, 1953.

The application of the Desert Palm Trailer Count to construct and maintain an additional
80 units to a 20 unit trailer court on property located south of Owens between North
Main and the UPRR right-of-way was considered at this time. The recommendation of the
Planning Commission was that this application be denied.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted denying this application for Use Permit, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 30th day of July, 1953, Thomas G. Myers, Byron 0. Thornton, and
Carus L. Lortz filed an application with the Regional Planning Commission for a Use
Permit to construct and maintain an addition of 80 units to a 20 unit trailer court which
the Planning Commission approved November 25, 1952, on property located South of Owens
Avenue and between North Main Street and the Union Pacific Railroad R/W and approximately
five (5) acres in area in an R-3 (Limited Multiple) Use District; and

WHEREAS, on August 27, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a Public Hearing
on this application for Use Permit; and

WHEREAS, on August 27, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to recommend that
this application be denied inasmuch as good faith was not shown to the previous application
which was granted for 20 trailers; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on September 2, 1953
recommending that such Use Permit not be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, EE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that the application of the Desert Palms Trailer Court to construct and maintain an addition
to 80 units to a 20 unit trailer court be denied be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

9-2-53