At this time appeared before the Board, C.C. Connley, regarding the need of a sidewalk
out Fremont Street because of the high rate at which automobiles run on this street. After
due discussion, the Mayor H.T. Jones recommended to Police Commissioner Thos. H. Hodgens that the
officers be instructed to watch for speeders at the points mentioned.

At this time the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, read for the second time ordinance No. 83, an
ordinance to amend ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance providing
for the issuance of Plumbing and Sewer Connection Permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and
Sewer Connections and for the Regulation and construction of Plumbing work in the City of Las
Vegas", passed Jan. 7th, 1913, by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 1-A, and
by amending section 8 of said Ordinance. Upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be referred to the
City Attorney for farther amendment in accordance with the ideas expressed in general discuss-
ion. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye.

Noes none.

Whereupon the Clerk read the following communication from W.I. Roberts:

"Las Vegas, Nevada,

July 1,1921.

"To the Honorable Mayor and City Board of Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nev.

"Gentlemen:

Should you at this time or in the near future decided to sell the lot or lots
that the Fire House is now on, I would thank you to consider me as a purchaser. I am con-
templating a new home for my undertaking and as only the alley separates it from my Fremont
property believe its more valuable to me than for what it is now used for. I thank you.

 	Yours very truly,

W.I. Roberts."

Whereupon it was the opinion of the Board that the City has no right to sell said property.

At this time the City Attorney read for the first time an ordinance No. 84 entitled: "An
Ordinance providing for and regulating the location and management and construction of Slaughter
Houses within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation
thereof." Whereupon it was moved by Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Ireland and
duly carried that said ordinance No. 84 be passed on to the second reading. Voting Commissioners
 	Brickie, Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried,
it was moved that the Gaming License be issued to said applicant.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried,
it was moved that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie,
Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H. T. Jones, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of F.J. Pierce, for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried,
it was moved that the Gaming License be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie,
Ireland Hodgens and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan, for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens,
it was moved that a gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie,
Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.