Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Com-
missioner Bunker.

The request of Dr. Charles 1. West for an extension of his variance to main-
tain a medical office at 605 Wyatt Street was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Dr. West be granted an additional ninety
days to maintain a medical office at 605 Wyatt Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that Assessment District
No. 100-2$ be accepted and final payment made to Nevada Electric. He re-
ported that the contractor has assured the City by letter that al1 equipment
and materials in this 5th Street lighting project will be guaranteed for a
period of one year against any defects.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works
be approved and that Assessment District No. 100-25 be accepted and final
payment to Nevada Electric in the amount of $4,191.27 be made.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be authorized to secure bids
for the diversion of the sewer at l6th and Charleston.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Engineer be authorized to advertise
for bids for the installation of traffic signals at Main and Gass, Main
and Carson, Main and Ogden, 2nd and Gass, 2nd and Carson, 2nd and Ogden,

2nd and Stewart and on 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended that Hyde Park Tract #4 be accepted and the
bond released. He stated that the only work left to be done was the seal
and chips which the City had requested be delayed until the weather is
better. He reported that a bond in the amount of $4,800.00 had been filed
to take care of this work.

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements in Hyde Park Tract #4 be accepted
and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested authorization for an assessment district to
install improvements on East Charleston Boulevard from 15th Street to the
intersection of Fremont and Charleston. He also asked that the unimproved
 portions of Burnham, Oakey and Eastern be included in this district and the
paving of Carson from Main to 5th Street

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Engineer be authorized to prepare plans
and specifications for this proposed assessment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be authorized to secure bids for
lubricants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Ada Weber for South 7th
Street from the center line of Bracken Avenue southerly to the center line
of Oakey Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners,
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed,dated
the 27th day of February, 1956, executed by Ada Weber to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

VARIANCE - V-60-54
Dr. C.I. West

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

Acceptance and Final

Payment

DIVERSION OF SEWERS
l6th & Charleston
Notice to Bid

TRAFFIC SIGNAL
INSTALLATION

HYDE PARK TRACT #4
Final Acceptance

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

East Charleston Blvd,
and Carson Street

LUBRICANT BIDS
To Be Received

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Ada Weber