No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 7th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 7th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners, Hansell, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Attorney Stevens informed the Board that a permit could not be granted to John
H. Miller for the erection of a sign post in the side walk in front of the Bank of Southern
Nevada.

A letter from Supt. of Streets J.P. King asking the members of the Board to consider
the placing of a light at the intersection of Charleston Drive, and the Union Pacific Rail-
road tracks in the southern part of the City. He also called attention to the bill-
board near the Standard Oil storage station on South Main, and stated that this sign was
obstructing the view at this point.

The following petition was presented to the Board, the same having been filed with
the Clerk, November 6th:

To the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

We, the undersigned owners and taxpayers of property on the following streets

to-wit,

Fifth Street from Stewart Street to Mesquite Avenue
Sixth Street from Fremont Street to Mesquite Avenue

Seventh Street from Fremont Street to Mesquite Avenue

Eighth Street from Fremont Street to Stewart Street

	Ninth Street from Fremont Street to Ogden Street

Tenth Street from Fremont Street to Ogden Street

Fremont Street from Eighth Street to Twelfth Street

hereby petition your honorable body to create a special improvement district comprising said

streets and construct therein curbs and gutters and street paving with a two and one half

inch Durite Asphaltic Concrete base course, and a one and one half inch Durite Asphaltic Con-
crete wearing surface together with the necessary garding therefor.

We further petition your honorable body to cause this work to be assessed against
the abutting property as prescribed by alw in one or more assessments as may be necessary
and payment of these assessments to be made either in cash or by allowing them to go to bond

at the discretion of the individual abutting property owners.

C.C. Boyer, Frank Wait, Chas. Dimmock, and E. Hicks protested against their names
appearing on said petition, and after some discussion it appeared to the Board that the names

of those protesting against their names being used on said petition had been taken from a

petition that had been circulated some time before asking for the improvement of Ogden Street
only, and that one page from the former petition had been placed with the petition presented
to the Board at this time.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, it was
moved that the petition be released from file, and be returned to the part presenting said
petition for correction.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 13th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.