Mrs. Jeanne Baker appeared before the Commission at this time to request reconsideration
of her application for a Secondhand Dealers License at Baker's Bargain House, 8l0½ South
5th Street.

Mrs. Baker filed an affidavit with the Commission indicating Jimmie 0. Baker will have no
monetary or personal interest in Baker's Bargain House.

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. Commissions? Sharp arrived at the meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Jeanne Baker for a Second-
hand Dealers license at Baker's Bargain House, 8l0½ South 5th Street be approved, subject
to the affidavit Mrs. Baker has filed with the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and the vote was as follows:

Commissioner Bunker	"Nay"

Commissioner Fountain	"Aye"

Commissioner Sharp	"Not	Voting"

Commissioner Whipple	"Aye"

Mayor Baker	"Aye"

Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Commission that since the Chief of Police had
recommended disapproval of this application, approval would require a four-fifths votes of
the Board of Commissioners.

Chief of Police Sheffer advised the Commission that since Mrs. Baker had filed the afore-
mentioned affidavit,that he would now recommend approval of the application.

Thereafter a vote on the motion approving the application was taken, and the motion carried
as follows:

Commissioner Bunker	"Nay"

Commissioner Fountain	"Aye"

Commissioner Sharp	"Aye"

Commissioner Whipple	"Aye"

Mayor Baker	"Aye"

At this time Mr. Marino Brandolini appeared before the Commission concerning an application
for a building permit for addition to his property known as the Monte Carlo Motel located
at 1600 South Main Street. Mr. Brandolini requested the Commission authorize the issuance
of a building permit within the set-back.

Planning Director Bills reported that while the Planning Department could understand Mr.
Brandolini's problem, they had no authority to approve the building permit since the
proposed construction would be located six feet within the 80 foot right-of-way for
Oakey Boulevard.

Discussion followed and it was the concensus of the Board that the 80 foot right-of-way on
Oakey Boulevard from Main to A Street should be reduced and if additional land is needed
that it be acquired from vacant land in that area.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the matter be referred to the Planning Commission to
give consideration to an amendment of the Master Plan of Streets and Highways reducing the
right-of-way requirements on Oakey Boulevard between Main and A Streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:50 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9:00 P.M.
with all members present as of the time of recess.

Mayor Baker announced that the disposition and operation of the Animal Shelter would be dis-
cussed at this time, and asked for a report from Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee
appointed to investigate and report on this matter.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he and Commissioner Fountain had met with the Clark County
Humane Society and their attorney, Mr. John Porter several weeks ago, and had discussed
two proposals, which are as follows:

1.	Whether the City of Las Vegas should turn back everything in
the Animal Shelter to the Clark County Humane Society for the
operation of said Shelter by the Society, and the City deed
the property on which these facilities are located to the Hu-
mane Society, or

2.	Whether the City of Las Vegas should take over complete control

of the Shelter, and assume responsibility of the just indebtedness.

The Shelter would be operated solely by the City. That a Board of
Animal Control be appointed to assist in the operation of the
Shelter.

Commissioner Sharp further reported that the second proposal would be the recommendation
of the Committee, with reservations, and that the City Attorney and the Humane Society
attorney, John Porter should meet and work out the proposed agreement. Mr. Sharp stated
that all bills should be checked through the City Attorney's office and the City Manager's
office, and when an agreement has been reached, the City and the Humane Society should
sign the same.

Concerning the outstanding indebtedness, the Committee recommended that only the indebted-
ness against the Humane Society that was accrued for the control of the animals and the
building should be considered.

Commissioner Bunker stated there are some conflicting figures in this regard, and that the
estimated figure of between $21,000 and $23,000 should not be held as an absolute figure,
but should be based on the debts as they are shown for the buildings and the control of
the animals.

2ND HAND DEALERS
LICENSE

MONTE CARLO MOTEL
Building Permit

ANIMAL SHELTER