The Planning Commission recommended that this application be denied on the grounds
that it would eventually lead to reclassification of all of Mayfair Tract, which is
designed for single family homes.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and this application for rezoning of Lots 1 and 2, Block 8, amended map
of Mayfair Tract #2 from R-1 and R-3 to R-4 and Lot 32, Block 1, Mayfair Tract #1
from R-3 to R-4, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Twin Lakes Corp.,
by Lloyd L. St. John to reclassify the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 29, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M,
from R-1 to R-3-T. The Commission was advised that the description used in the public
hearing notice was inaccurate because it embraces the whole 80 acres of Twin Lakes
Corporation.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on this application for
rezoning be held November 16, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the assessment and
hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the proposed improvements
in Assessment District No. 100-36, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 34-1955.

The Mayor Pro Tem then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that the fol-
lowing property owners had filed protests in her office prior to this meeting:

Mrs. Vivian Woolley	806	North	"C"	Street

Mrs. James A. Gay	8ll	North	"B"	Street

Thelma Dalton Swanner	210 McWilliams

Leona Stump	109	W. McWilliams

Laura Beckman	800	North	"B"	Street

Audrey Bascorn	719	North	"B"	Street

Mr. & Mrs. M. L. Butler	8ll½ North "A" Street

Hugh & Thelma Cameron	820 North "B" Street

Thelma Cameron	815-817 North "B" Street

Mrs. Bess Jones	813	North	"A"	Street

Mrs. Henry Campbell	8l6	North	"A"	Street

Elmo Terry	817	North	"A"	Street

Jose A. Pacheco	829	North	"B"	Street

Ethel Angell	118	Morgan

Susanna J. Mankiewiz	8l0	North	"B"	Street

R. D. Fonda	710 W. Bonanza

The Mayor Pro Tem then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any further objections,
suggestions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assessment roll.
There were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment
District No. 100-36 be recessed until November 2, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the assessments
and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the proposed improve-
ments in Assessment District No. 200-17, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 35-1955.

The Mayor Pro Tem then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that no
objections had been filed in her office.

The Mayor Pro Tem then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, sugges-
tions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assessment roll. There
were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this public hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment
District No. 200-17 be recessed until November 2, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 55*18 for the furnishing of electric
lamps to the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following firms:

Pavell Electric Supply Co.	1023 South 1st

Electric City Appliance	752 Fremont

Osborne Electric Supply Co.	835 W. Bonanza

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-29-55
Twin Lakes Corp.
Hearing Reset

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-17
Public Hearing on

Assessment Roll

BID NO. 55.18
Lamp Contract
Bid Opening