ELK'S CLUB OIL              At this tinfe Mr. Eddie Gilbreath of the B.P.O.E. appeared before the Board
requesting that the City return to the Elks Club two carloads of oil that
      was loaned to the City sometime in 194-8 with "the verbal agreement that the same
 	would be returned when the Elks had use for it.

       Since none of the present members of the Board had knowledge of this matter,
the City Manager was requested to investigate and report back as soon as
possible.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Com-
missioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none. Absent

Commissioners Bunker and Peccole.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



      City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 5, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held this 5th day of July, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 7:40
P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Commissioners:	Rex A. Jarrett

Wm. Peccole
Reed Whipple

Mayor	C.D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	C.W. Shelley

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner Wendell Bunker

ZONING-Cantrell	At this time Mr. William Cantrell appeared before the Board regarding the zone

 Property	coverage on his property lying north of Fremont between 21st and 23rd Streets.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission was read to the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved a public hearing be set on this matter
at 7:30 P.M., August 1, 1951.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

VACATION OF	At this time Mr. Louis Wiener, representing W.S. Robinson in his request for

STREETS	the vacation of certain portions of streets located in the Meadows Addition,

Meadows Addition	appeared before the Board requesting the consideration of this matter.

	Action on this matter was postponed until Mr. Robinson has plans drawn up

showing the proposed improvement of his property.

PUBLIC HEARING            This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the request of the
Southern Nevada                 Southern Nevada Power Company for a use permit to install additional transformers
Power Sub-Station               at their San Francisco Street Substation, the notice of public hearing as sent
San Francisco Street            to the property owners surrounding this area and published in the Las Vegas
	Review Journal, was read.

Thereafter, His Honor asked if there were any objections to this request for
a use permit.

Dr. Levon Kassabian voiced his protest.

Mr. Leo McNamee, representing the Power Company urged the approval of this
permit.

Mr. L.H. Compton of the Power Company presented a petition from surrounding
property owners with the exception of Dr. Kassabian, showing they had not
objections to this installation.

Action on this matter was delayed until 8:30 P.M. in order to allow time for Mr.

George Rudiak to appear on behalf of Dr. Kassabian.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time for the continuance of the public hearing on the request

Searway Property	of F.E. Searway for the rezoning of his property located at 711 H Street from

on H Street	R-E to R-2, His Honor asked the wishes of the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that this matter be continued in line with the
motion made last meeting that all rezonings be deferred until there is a Planning
Commission set-up.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent; Commissioner Bunker.

POST OFFICE	The recommendation from Sgt. Bob Cooper, Traffic Department concerning the

PARKING	request for 12 minute parking in front of the Post Office was read to the Board.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present interested in this matter. No
one indicated interest.