NEVADA MUNICIPAL ASS'N.
Approval of expenses
for delegates.

GAMING LICENSE
Westerner Club
Addition of Partners

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-27
Construction Bid
Deferred

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-27
Confirmation of
Assessment Roll
No. 32-1954

Thereafter the Board considered the request concerning instructions for col-
lecting money due on two checks deposited by Clem Malone at the time he
held the lease for the Shamrock Hotel.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to
proceed with any legal action necessary to collect the $675.00 from Clem
Malone.

The City Attorney advised the Commission that the bad checks returned on
the Shamrock Hotel license could only be collected through bankruptcy,
if Malone has filed for bankruptcy, unless the Commission sees fit to
hold up issuing a license at this location until the checks are made
good.

Commissioner Bunker's motion died for lack of a second.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Harry Dillon for a tavern
liquor license at the Shamrock Hotel be approved subject to Police De-
partment report and a letter attached that if a firm lease is not re-
ceived the license will be cancelled for the second quarter of 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner harp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett disclosed to the Board that he writes
insurance for Horace Heidt.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the expenses for the attendance of dele-
gates to the Nevada Municipal Association Convention in Hawthorne,

Nevada, as shown on Service and Material Warrant Nos. 51984 thru 51986
in the total amount of $84.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the application of the Westerner Club, 23 Fremont, for the
approval of four additional partners to wit:	Italo Ghelfi, Spiro D.

Vladhandreas, Marion Michael Branch and John Americo Raggianti, was
presented for consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be approved subject to the
manager being cleared with the Chief of Police.



Motion seconded by Commissioner harp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Commissioner Jarrett stated that he writes insurance for
the Westerner Club.

Mayor Baker declared a recess at the hour of 8:30 P.M.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:10 P.M. with all members present
as of the opening session.

Commissioner Whipple moved the award of the bid for the installation
of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-27 be deferred pending
check by the Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Assessment Roll No. 32-1954 on Assessment
District No. 100-27 be confirmed on the Engineers' estimate and the
following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of
Nevada, and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain
streets and parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-27 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said
improvements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally in-
cluded in the sums assessed against the owners and the assessable lots,
premises and property according to frontage; and

WHEREAS, the said assessment roll was filed with the City Clerk on
the 21st day of April, 19%; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said assess-
ment roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the hearings on s aid roll have been regularly recessed until
this date; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said assessment roll,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof, held on the 10th
day of May, 1954, that Assessment Roll No. 32-1954 be and the same hereby
is confirmed.

5-10-54