A letter was read from Bryan L. Bunker, Chairman of the Recreation Board regarding their
proposed re-organization of the Recreation Department. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that
the changes as requested by said Board be granted, provided, that it does not change the
financial status of the Budget. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Plat of Mayfair Tract #2 be approved upon presentation
of a letter from Mr. Brown approving same, and that thereafter, the Mayor and city clerk
are hereby authorized to sign name. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Brown presented a preliminary report on the petition of P. L. Jefferson for permission
to operate a cafe in the residential district in West Side. The matter was then referred
to the city attorney.

Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for a gate at the airport. The city engineer to
furnish specifications. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An application signed by Dr. Roy W. Martin asking for a lease on the city park for a

dog race track was read and the matter was referred to the following committee: Commissioners

Tinch, Rubidoux and the city attorney.

A letter from John Hall, Public Health Engineer, recommending that the city commissioners
cooperate with some organization in providing some central source of housing information
and asking that their department be given some part in the plan was read.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city commissioners go on record as willing to cooperate with
the Health Department in this all important question and instruct the city clerk to
write to both the Junior and Senior Chamber of Commerce with the view of using their
organizations as a clearing house as to where vacancies may be found, both in auto courts
and trailer camps. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from the Clark County Health Unit, signed by Dr. Morgan, requesting the cooperation
of the city Commissioners in cleaning up all food and drinking establishments, was read.
Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Dr. Morgan be granted and approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter from Harold H. Eymann, Chairman Advisory Committee, Clark County Health
Department, urging the cooperation of the City in the present campaign to bring the food
and drink establishments in line with accepted sanitary standards and regulations was
read and ordered filed. The clerk was instructed to answer said letter assuring Mr.

Eymann of their cooperation.

The report of the city attorney was read.

A letter from Wm. G. Cooke requesting permission to open an upen air motion picture
house at 10th & Fremont Streets was read and referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Smith moved that, provided the city attorney, does not find any legal
objection or reason why said theater should not be allowed that application be granted.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Clark moved that the planning engineer be consulted and make a report at
the next regular meeting.

Thereafter, the matter was referred to the city attorney and the planning engineer to
make a report at the next meeting.



Commissioner Clark moved that the Government be requested to install street lighting in the
Kelso-Turner tract as suggested in their letter of June 1, 1942, due to lack of ability
of the city to obtain materials. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A letter from the National Housing Agency regarding Mr. Burgbacher connecting with certain
government-owned sewerage facilities serving the defense housing development at Las Vegas
was read and ordered filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that a committee be appointed to study the schedule of rates
for taxi service as submitted by several cab owners in the city and report back at the
next meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, Commissioners Clark and Tinch ware appointed on said committee.



A letter from Barney Burger, Recreational Superintendent, requesting the approval of the Board of
A. L. Allen as caretaker of the summer camp at Lee's Canyon at a salary of $125.00 per
month beginning as of May 15th, 1942. Commissioner Smith moved that said request be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Jerry Crowe, President of the Standard Wholesale Supply Co, regarding
priority for the purchase of 50 hydrants for the city of Las Vegas.

A letter was read from A. W. Blackman, city auditor, recommending the adoption of the
following Resolution:

RESOLUTION

RESOLVED; that any and all claims for pro-rata refund of sidewalk, curb and driveway
assessments in the Works Project Administration project of 1937 be denied if the claim
is not filed with the city clerk on or before June 14, 1942.