OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 5th, 1935

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of August 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward,
Deputy City Attorney Ham and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble and City Attorney Taylor by leave.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money received and distributed as per Ledger on file in Clerks office.

The Board entered into a discussion as to the members of the Board selling any class of
merchandise to the various departments of the City as this is in violation of the City Charter
provisions. Mr. H.P. Marble, Commissioner of Streets and Public Property had previously stated
to the Board that he was not any any way connect with A.C.Grant, Ford Dealer, except as a paid
bookkeeper. No claims were allowed at this time that in any way were connected with any of the
places of business that are operated by any members of the Board of Commissioners.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion on the allowance of the erection of a
sign at the intersection of 5th & Fremont Streets by John Miller, owner of the Sal Sagev Hotel.
This sign to be erected on City owned property and to advertise the Sal Sagev Hotel.

After a very lengthy discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Com-
missioner Down it was moved and carried that John Miller be allowed to erect a sign at 5th and
Fremont Streets on the corner where the Texaco Service Station and Dawson Garage are operated.
Said sign to be erected only by the consent of the State Highway Department, that the standard
used be installed in the exact location of the standard of the State Highway Dept. That the said
sign would clear the street fifteen feet and that said Highway Dept. be allowed to place
the milage signs thereon as has been on its Department Road sign. Should the State Highway Dept.
refuse to allowed said John Miller the use of the City property used for said road sign then in
that event the permission granted to said John Miller is of no effect.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the said Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 15th day of August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 15th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas held on the 15th day of August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock, P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
and Ward, Deputy City Attorney Ham and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble, and City Attorney Taylor by leave.

Commissioner Down was appointed by the Mayor to approve the claims of the Street
Department owing to the absence of Commissioner Marble.

Commissioner Down stated to the Board that he received no pecuniary benefits from
the Claims of one S.S.Carruthers.

Semi-monthly payroll and miscellaneous claims allowed as er per Claims and Warrant
Register on file in the office of the City Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration the appointing of a Board of Ex-
aminers and Appeals as same is provided for in the Building Code adopted by the City in
Ordinance No. 169 of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Ward Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that the City comply with the terms of the Building Code now in effect in said
City as same is provided for in Chapter 3, Section No. 304 by the appointing of a Board
of Appeals and Examiners.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.