Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full
at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion,
and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting ”Nay":	None.

Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett

Commissioner Peccole

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final
passage.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an
emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The question being upon the
passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett

Commissioner Peccole

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners present having voted in favor
thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency
ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing emergency ordinance be numbered 495.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Jarrett and

Peccole.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, Commissioner Whipple
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Jarrett and

Peccole.

APPROVED:

Mayor

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PUBLIC HEARING -
Zone Variance
Charles A. Mohler

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 2, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 2nd day of
July, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with
the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner Reed Whipple
City AttorneyHoward W. Cannon
City Manager C.W. Shelley
Assistant

City Manager Dora Lord
City Cleric Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner William Peccole

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants No. 1314 to 1317 inclusive in the net amount
of $33,583.43 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Pec-

cole.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2289 to 2293 inclusive
in the total amount of $34,282.53 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Pec-

cole.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal of the decision of
the Regional Planning Commission denying the application of Charles A, Mohler for Variance
to permit the construction of an outdoor advertising sign on Lots 1, 2 and 3. Block 5. Bilt-
more Addition No. 2, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this
request. No objections were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission denying
this application for Variance be approved, and the following resolution adopted: