382

VARIANCE APPLICATION -
Irene & Eugene Bolton
V-33-53

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Ann A, Miller
Approved

VARIANCE APPLICATION
Guy Foster
Approved

V-35-53

that C.P. Squires be granted a Variance to operate and maintain a Real Estate Bro-
kerage Office at 408 South 7th Street, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioners Peccole and Whipple.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Irene
and Eugene Bolton to construct a hamburger stand at 701 Fremont Street, was pre-
sented to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission
that this application be denied be accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 21st day of April, 1953, Eugene and Irene Bolton filed an ap-
plication with the Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct and main-
tain an aluminum hamburger stand at 701 Fremont, legally described as Lot 1, Block
13, Bucks Subdivision; and

WHEREAS, on May 14, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public
hearing on this application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on May 14, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to recommend
that this application be denied inasmuch as it does not conform to the building
code, and that such a use would prove detrimental to surrounding properties; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on May 18,

1953, recommending that such variance be denied;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that the application of Irene and Eugene Bolton to construct and main-
tain an aluminum hamburger stand at 701 Fremont be denied, be and the same hereby
is accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioners Peccole and Whipple.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Ann
A. Miller to construct and maintain an enlargement to an existing dwelling within
three feet of the side property line at 331 South 9th Street, was presented for
consideration.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

 	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 21st day of April, 1953, Ann A. Miller filed an application
with the Regional Planning Commission for vaiance to construct and maintain an
enlargement to an existing dwelling within three feet of the side property line
at 331 South 9th Street, legally described as Lot 16, Block 12, Pioneer Heights
Addition; and

WHEREAS, on May 14, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hear-
ing on this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and
no communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

WHEREAS, on May 14, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission approved the ap-
plication in as much as they did not feel this use would be detrimental to sur-
rounding property values; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on May 18,

1953, recommending that such variance be granted.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, the recommendation of the Regional Planning
Commission that Ann A. Miller be granted a Variance to construct and maintain
an enlargement to an existing dwelling within three feet of the side property line
at 331 South 9th Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioners Peccole and Whipple.

The recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission on the application of Guy
Foster to construct a duplex within 10 feet of the rear property line at 130 Bal-
timore Avenue was presented for consideration.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this application be approved and the following reso-
lution adopted :

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 22nd day of April, 1953, Guy Foster filed an application with
the Regional Planning Commission for variance to construct and maintain a duplex
within ten feet of the rear property line in addition to a single family residence
at 130 Baltimore Avenue; and

WHEREAS, on May 14, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on
this application for variance, at which time no objections were raised and no
communications protesting the granting of said variance were received; and

5-20-53