

MINUTES

REZONING

Nevada Southern Gas
Company

REZONING

Mayfair Tract #2

CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES
Mrs. Jane Renis
Mr. Edward Maier

HOUSE MOVING REQUEST
George H. Wood
Cancelled

ANNEXATION

Young Electric Sign
Co.

ANNEXATION

Murray Wollman

VARIANCE

Rose Holding Corp.

V-57-54

REZONING

Charles E. Sherman,
Toy R. Gregory and
Wayne L. Zieger
Z-37-54

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of December 1, 6 and 7, 1954 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Nevada Southern Gas Company to rezone
from R-3 to M-1 a portion of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 27, T20S, R61E, M.D.B. & M.,
approved by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Nevada Southern Gas Company to rezone from
R-3 to M-1 a portion of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 27, T20S, R61E, M.D.B.& M., be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Laub of Nevada Southern Gas Company said they have approved the dedication to the City
of an 80-foot street and the deed will be executed December 16.

At this time the Board considered the request for rezoning from R-1 to R-4 of Block 8 of
Amended Map of Mayfair Tract No. 2. His Honor said this is a triangular piece just back of
the comer of Fremont and Bruce.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the rezoning from R-1 to R-4 of Block 8 of Amended Map of Mayfair
Tract No. 2 be approved at such time as an easement for sewer is granted to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The claim of Mrs. Jane Renis, residing at 211 Spencer Street, in the amount of $983.55, and
the claim of Mr. Edward Maier, of 205 Spencer Street, in the amount of $400.00, alleged to
be the result of inadequate drainage in that vicinity, were presented to the Board for
consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved the claims for damages of Mrs. Jane Renis and Mr.

Edward Maier be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple informed the Board that Mr. Wood had called and requested that his
application to move a house from 128 South 6th Street to 356-358 North 14th Street be
removed from the agenda because the house has been sold and moved into the County.

The request of Young Electric Sign Company to annex Lots 2, 3 and 4, Block 1, and Lots 2
and 3, Block 2 of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1 was considered by the Board. Mr. Franklin Bills
said this area is not contiguous to the City.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Young Electric Sign Company to annex
Lots 2, 3 and 4, Block 1, and Lots 2 and 3, Block 2 of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the petition of Murray Wollman for annexation to the City
of a portion of the SE¼ of Section 1, T21S, R61E, M.D.B.& M.

Commissioner Bunker moved this petition be referred to the Planning Commission for their
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the appeal of the denial of the application of Rose Holding
Corp. to use property at 106 Van Buren for a 10-unit apartment-office building. This
application was denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Thereafter Commissioner Jarrett moved that a Public Hearing be held January 5, 1955 on this
application.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the application of Charles E. Sherman, Toy R. Gregory and Wayne L. Zieger
for rezoning of Lots 13, 14, 15, and 20, Block 1, Lawrence Love Tract, from R-3 to R-4,
denied by the Planning Commission.

Mr. Franklin Bills said it is the general idea of the Planning Commission to recommend R-4
zoning on East Charleston Boulevard.

12-15-54