	Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, in and for the County of Clark,

January 30th, 1912.

Minutes of a  special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held at the office of the City Clerk, on the 30th, day of January A.D. 1912. at the hour of
eight o'clock. P.M. Upon calling the roll the following officers and members were found
to be present, viz: Mayor. Buol. Ed. Von Tobel, W.J. Stewart, Chas Mc Govern, and City Clerk
Harmon, The Clerk thereupon read the call and Notice given for this special meeting and
the same together with certificate of service of said notice ordered spread upon the minutes
of this meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 27th, 1912.

Mr Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk,

City.	Dear Sir:	I hereby issue a call for a special meeting of the Board

of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on
the 30th, day of January, A.D. 1912. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. of said day to consider
and act upon the following business, viz:	To act upon matters relating to the sewer bond

issue of the City of Las Vegas, and such other matters that may come before the Board relative
to said sewer Bond issue. To act upon and consider the matter of offering for sale or
selling the sewerage bonds, the issue of which has been heretofore authorized.

Respectfully.

Peter Buol. Mayor.

To Mayor Buol. Commissioners, Coughlin, Me Govern, Stewart, and Von Tobel, City of Las Vegas,
Your are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Hon. Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas therefore a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners will be held on the
30th, day of January, A.D. 1912. at the office of the City Clerk in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
to consider and act upon the following business viz:	1, To act upon matters relating to

the sewer bond issue of the City of Las Vegas, and such other matters that may come before
the Board relative to said sewer bond issue.	2, To consider and act upon the matter of

offering for sale or selling the sewerage bonds, the issue of which has been heretofore
authorized.	Yours truly

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Filed January 27th, 1912.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified City Clerk for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby certify that I received the above notice from the Mayor of said
City on the 27th, day of January. 1912. and that on said day I made out and deposited in the
Post office of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid and addressed to Commissioners
Coughlin, McGovern, Stewart, and Von Tobel, and the Mayor of said City copies of the said
Notice of said special meeting, to be held on the 30th, day of January. 1912. as appears
above in full on the minutes.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, this 30th, day of January

A.D. 1912.	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed January 27th, 1912.

The Clerk then presented to the Board and read in full the letter from
Sutherlin & Co. of date January 24th, 1912. wherein and whereby the said Sutherlin & Co. had
returned said contract forwarded to them by said Board of City Commissioners of date January 19

th, 1912. wherein above other things is was noticed by said Board that the said Sutherlin &
Company had changed said contract so as to eliminate the date of delivery of said Bonds. It was