RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED BY the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
that said City of Las Vegas convey by deed to the United states of America,

The Northwest Quarter (N.W.¼) of the Northwest quarter (N.W.¼)
and the West Half (W½) of the Northeast Quarter (N.E.½) of the
Northwest Quarter (N.W.¼) of Section Thirty (30) Township Twenty
(20) South, Range Sixty-One (61) East, Mount Diablo Base, and
Meridian, subject however to a right of way for County highway
thirty feet in width along the North and West boundaries of said
tract of land;

Water Permit Number 9940 from the State Engineer of the State of
Nevada, approving the appropriation by the said City of Las Vegas
of Water from the Las Vegas Artesian Basin,

Such conveyance of land, end water permit to contain a provision that in the event that the fish
hatchery project of the Bureau of Fisheries of the United States, for which said purpose such
convenance is to be made, shall be abandoned as a fish hatchery for any six months period of time,
or not continuously maintained as a fish hatchery for any given period of six month, title to said
land and to said water permit shall then revert to said City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That the City Attorney be and he hereby is instructed to draw the nec-
essary deed of conveyance to carry out the purpose of this resolution and that when such deed of
conveyance is so prepared, the same be executed and signed on behalf of said City by the Mayor,
and City Clerk, and the seal of the City of Las Vegas affixed thereto, and that thereafter such
deed be delivered to the United States of America, through its bureau of Fisheries.

he adoption of the foregoing resolution was proposed by Commissioner Joe Ronnow, and was
seconded by Commissioner Herk Krause and upon being put to vote was carried by the following
vote: Voting aye, Commissioners Ronnow, H.P. Marble, and Herb Kruase, and His Honor the Mayor
L.L. Arnett. Voting No, none. Absent Commissioner H.L. Perry.

Mr. Gilbert Ross State Direct WPA with James Glynn Chief Engineer and Mr. Wright, assist-
ant appeared before the Board with Mr. Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. WPA and discussed with the Board
the four (4) WPA projects now about to be sponsored by the City. Final signing of applications
by the Mayor, City Clerk and City Engineer were had at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 22nd day of December, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, is hereby called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's
office Monday the 20th day of December, 1937, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. on said day to
consider and act upon the following:

1. To authorize the execution of a proposed agreement between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as
party of the first part, and Transcontinental & Western Air Inc; a Deleware corporation, as
party of the second part, dated December 16th, 1937 wherein and whereby the City of Las Vegas
is to undertake to devise a plan for the acquisition of sufficient property and funds for the
constructing of a municipal airport at a location approximately midway between the City of
Boulder City, Nevada, and Las Vegas, Nevada, and whereby the said Transcontinental and Western
Air Inc; agrees to lease the privilege of the use of such airport upon certain conditions in
said proposed contract outlined, if such shall be built by said City.

Dated this 20th day of December, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. ARNETT, MAYOR AND TO H.H. KRAUSE,

H.P. MARBLE, H.L. PERRY AND JOE S. RONNOW, COMMISSIONERS:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE; That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office, on Monday
the 20th day of December, 1937, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and act
upon the following:

1. To authorize the execution of a proposed agreement between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as
party of the first part, and Transcontinental and Western Air Inc; a Deleware Corporation, as
party of the second part, dated December 16th, 1937 wherein and whereby the City of Las Vegas
is to under take to devise a plan for the acquisition of sufficient property and funds for
the construction of a municipal airport at a location approximately midway between the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada and Boulder City, Nevada, and thereby the said Transcontinental end Western
Air Lines Inc; agrees to lease the privilege of the use of such airport upon certain con-
ditions in said proposed contract outlined, if such field shall be built by said City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

City Seal.