for the following dates, to-wit:

November 25, December 2, 9, 16, 1945.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $64.50.

s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of December, 1945.

s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1947.



His Honor, the Mayor, stated that this was the time and place 

designated in such notice of sale for the opening of bids for the
purchase of such bonds, and the City Clerk was authorized and
instructed to open and read said bids, which were as follows:

December 28, 1945

Honorable Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada:

Gentlemen:

As per your notice of sale for $140,000 Las Vegas, Nevada, general obligation Police
Station Bonds, dated January 1, 1946, bearing interest at the rate of 1-1/2% per 

annum payable semi-annually January 1 and July 1 of each year at the office of the City
Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada; maturing serially without option of prior payment
$7,000.00 each year commencing January 1, 1947 to and including January 1, 1966, we
will pay upon delivery of the bonds to us their par value, plus accrued interest from
the date of the bonds to date of delivery to us, plus a premium of $1,000.00.

You agree to deliver to us at the time we take up and pay for the bonds, the favorable
approving opinion of Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, bond attorneys of Denver,
Colorado. If you desire, you may deliver these bonds to us at any time on or before
July 1, 1946.

Attached is our Cashier's Check payable to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of $7,150.00, being or more of the amount of our bid, which check is to be
held as an evidence of our good faith in this transaction, and applied as part 

payment on the bonds when they are delivered to us in accordance with the terms of our
bid therefor. If our bid is rejected, or if the bond attorneys fail to issue their
approving opinion as to the legality of the bonds, you agree to promptly return our
check to us.

Respectfully submitted,

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA
Reno, Nevada

By s/ C. Wengert____________

Vice President

Mr. Cyril S. Wengert who was present as a representative of the
First National Bank of Nevada also stated that if the City did
not use the whole $140,000.00 that they would be willing to 

accept the amount necessary to build the said station.

After careful consideration by the Board of City Commissioners of
the bid, Commissioner Clark introduced and moved the adoption of
the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, in response to official advertising for bids on $140,000.00 Las
Vegas, Nevada, Police Station Bonds, it has been determined that the bid of the First
National Bank of Nevada of Reno, Nevada is the highest, best and most advantageous
bid received for the purchase of said bonds, and that it is to the advantage of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and the taxpayers thereof, that the formal acceptance of said bids be
continued to the recessed regular meeting to beheld Wednesday, January 2, 1946 at the
hour of 2 P.M. of said day.