2 5 0

No bids having been received, and Nevada Industrial Commission having stated that
they did not have money available to bid on said bonds, Mayor Cragin stated that
he was negotiating with Reconstruction Finance Company for a bid. In view of
which, Commissioner Clark moved that the matter be held in abeyance pending information
from them. Motion seconded by Commissoner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent: Commissioners
Baskin and Moore.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #1498-1504 both inclusive and #1491

in the net sum of $27,577.08 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:

Commissioners Baskin and Moore.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants #1494-1496 both inclusive

WARRANTS	and #1505 and 1506 in the sum of $16,404.85 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk

authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

REQUEST FOR REFUND	A letter directed to the Board from Rev. Smith requesting a refund of a $50.00 Painting

OF LICENSE FEE	Contractors license fee was read to the Board. Mayor Cragin stated that	in view

	of the opinion heretofore submitted by the City Attorney that no license	fees were

refundable and the Board did not have the authority to refund same, that the City
Clerk be directed to answer the letter so informing Rev. Smith.

EASEMENT STORM	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried

SEWER R/W - Ken Haase unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:	BE IT	RESOLVED,

and Ruth Haase	this 4th day of June, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of	Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Easement
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

EASEMENT STORM SEWER On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
R/W - John P. Ahern	unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

and Martha L. Ahern	BE IT RESOLVED, this	4th day of June, 1948, by the Board of Commissioners of	the City

	of Las Vegas, County	of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 3rd	day

	of June, 1948, executed by John P. Ahern and Martha L. Ahern to the City of Las

Brhsd, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Easement,
and that the name be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

CITY	FUNDS	Commissioner Whipple	moved that the City Treasurer, Mr. Sloan be notified that it is

	agreeable with this Board that he accept the same arrangement with the First	National

	Bank for the deposit of. securities to cover the deposits of the City of Las Vegas as

is done by the County of Clark. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Moore.

MCNEIL TRACT BOND	Commissioner Clark moved that the bond of the McNeil Construction Company covering certain

RELEASE	improvements to be made in the McNeil Tract be released when the requirements for said

	bond have been met. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the

	following vote: Commissioners Clark, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Moore.

SUBDIVISIONS	The following letter from the Planning Commission was presented to the Board.

MONTE VISTA VILLAGE



June 4, 1948

Honorable mayor and board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	SUBDIVISIONS

Monte Vista Village, Tentative Map

Gentlemen:

This is to advise you concerning the above-mentioned subject.

On May 21, 1948, at a special meeting, this Commission considered a tentative map
and certain other phases in connection with the development of this proposed subdivision.
The results of this meeting, which was held concurrently with a meeting of your Board,
were discussed before you, prior to the transmittal of written recommendations.
Subsequently, your Board made a commitment to approve this tentative map on the basis
of said recommendations, pending receipt of written report thereon.

The Planning Commission is now in receipt of a letter from Horace Shidler & Son, Inc.,
stating that they have been unable to consummate the transfer of property to effect
the development, and therefore the same has been abandoned.

This is for your information relative to your previous action in this respect.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS-CLARK COUNTY JOINT PLANNING COMM.

C. G. Petrie /s
City Engineer