LIBRARY BUILDING USE	At this time His Honor presented a letter from Mr. Fred H.

	Wilson requesting that the City consider the establishment

of a museum for the display of the collection of the late
Dr. W. S. Park in the building where the Library is located
and soon will be vacated.

It was requested that the City Attorney investigate the
ownership of the Library and its surrounding property and report
to the Board.

CIVIL SERVICE TRUSTEE	Commissioner Jarrett moved the resignation of Ambrose

Murphy as a member of the Board of Civil Service Trustees be
	accepted.

Commissioner Peccole moved that Don Ashworth be appointed as a
member of the Civil Service Board to replace Ambrose Murphy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that Charles Horsey and George Knipp
be appointed as members of the Civil Service Board of Trustees
effective July 1, 1951 for a four year term.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn until
June 20, 1951 at 3:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

  voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk 	Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
June 20, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this
20th day of June, 1951 was called to order at the hour of 3:40 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor B. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	G. D. Baker

Commissioner     Rex A. Jarrett
"	William Peccole

"	Reed Whipple

Absent:	Commissioner Wendell Bunker

City Manager C.W. Shelley	

City Clerk      Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney Howard W. Cannon

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of June 13, 1951 be approved by reference and

	the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bunker

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1206 to 1208 inclusive in

the total amount of $26,380.98 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
	to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bunker

SERVICE & MATERIAL WARRANT Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 2130 in the total
amount of $58,035.55 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commis-

	sioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bunker.

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the rezoning of the

Rezoning of Sewarway Property	following described property from R-E to R-2, His Honor read the notice of hearing:

 N½ of the N½ of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T 23 S,

	R 61 E, MDB&M. (F. E. Searway property)

Thereafter His Honor asked Mr, Searway to speak on behalf of his request for rezoning.

His Honor then asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this rezoning.

Mr. Maxwell Kelch spoke, but withdrew any protests when he ascertained where this