A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Council Chambers at the City Hall, on the 21st day of July, 1952,
at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Public Hearing on the rezoning of Block 3 of Paradise Village Tract #4 from R-l to

R-2.

2.	Opening of bids for the installation of improvement in Assessment District NO. 200-5.

3.	Payroll Warrants

4.	Service & Material Warrant

5.	Report from Commissioners Bunker and Whipple on proposed amendment to liquor ordinance.

C.D. Baker
MAYOR

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C.D. BaKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, RAX A JARRETT, WILLIAM PiCCOLE, REED) WHIPPLE, Commissioners,
and C.W. SHELLEY, City Manager, DORA LORD, Assistant City Manager, HOWaRD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker,
a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the
Council Chambers at the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 21st day of July, 1952, at the hour of
4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Public Hearing on the rezoning of Block 3 of Paradise Village Tract #4 from R-1 to R-2.

2.	Opening of bids for the installation of improvement in Assessment District No. 200-5.

3.	Payroll Warrants

4.	Service and Material warrant

5.	Report from Commissioners Bunker and Whipple on proposed amendment to liquor ordinance.

Shirley Ballinger
CITY CLERK

ACCEPTANCE of notice

We. the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

C.D. Baker, Mayor
Wendell Bunker, Commissioner
Rex A. Jarrett, Commissioner
William Peccole, Commissioner

Reed Whipple, Commissioner

C.W. Shelley, City Manager

Howard W. Cannon, City attorney

Dora Lord, Assistant City Manager

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 21, 1952

(Call of Special Meeting).-

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this 21st day of July,

1952 was called to order at the hour of 4:10P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D. Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor C.D. Baker
Commissioner Rex a. Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner Reed Whipple
City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Manager C.W. Shelley
Assistant

City Manager Dora Lord
City Engineer C.C. Boyer
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger

Absent Commissioner Wendell Bunker

PUBLIC HEARING This being the time set for the public hearing on the rezoning from R-l (Single Family Residence) to
Rezoning of	R-2 (Two Family Residence) Use District of the following described property:

Paradise Village

Tract #4	Lots 1 through 10 inclusive of Block 3 of the proposed

Paradise Village, Tract No. 4

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this rezoning. There were no objections
raised.

Thereafter Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission that the
above describeed property be rezoned from R-1. to R-2, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ASSESSMENT This being the time set for the opening of bids for the installation of the improvements in Assessment
DISTRICT No. 200-District No. 200-5, bids were received from the following firms:

Opening of bids

for Improvement	Wells Cargo Inc.	$34,188.75

	Longley Construction Co.	31,576.40

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and City Engineer for checking
and recommendation at the next meeting to be held July 23, 1952.