Providing for the creation of a milk ordinance committee:

Providing for the appointment of a dairy and milk inspector:

Authorizing the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations
for the enforcement of this Ordinance:	Providing a penalty for

the violation of this Ordinance:	Repealing Ordinance Number 200

of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the
sale of milk, cream, and other dairy products in the City of Las
Vegas:	efining standard for milk and cream: Providing for the

issuance of permits for the sale of milk and cream, and the re-
vocation of such permits: Authorizing the City Commissioners to
promulgate rules and refulations for the violation thereof: And 

repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith:’
and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
with this Ordinance.” was read to the Board for a second time.
Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that Ordinance 290 be adopted
on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

HONOR ROLL TABLET	 	Commissioner	Clark moved that the City	Manager	be authorized to

grant permission to American Legion Post #8 for the erection of an
Honor Roll upon the property now occupied by the War Memorial Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

   pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

FLAG POLE	 	Commissioner	Clark moved that the City	Manager	be authorized to

erect a flag	pole on City property, at	or near	the War Memorial

Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until March 7,

1944 at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith Voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MARCH 2, 1944

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

 	LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be
held in the Commissioner's Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Thursday, the 2nd day
of March, 1944 at the hour of 10:00 A.M., to act upon the following business:

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN and to Pat Clark, Walter Bates, Al Corradetti, A. F. Smith, Sr., and Chas.

C. McCall, Commissioners, Mayor and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. 

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Cragin a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will
be held in the Commissioner's Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Thursday, March 2,
1944 at the hour of 10:00 A.M. , to consider the following business:

1.	Ellis Estates

Helen Scott Reed_____

City clerk