that their work for the School Board was very satisfactory.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that Proposal No. 2 of the Tait Appraisal Company
be accepted. It was noted that "time payment" provision was not specified
in Proposal #2, and stated that inasmuch as Proposal #1 set forth time
payment of 50% of the fee payable on completion of the field work and the
balance on presentation of the work, it was decided that a letter of ap-
proval of this method of payment should be obtained prior to the Mayor
and Clerk signing the proposal.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Tait Ap-
praisal Company be authorized to conduct an insurance appraisal of the
City property at a total cost of $2,840.00 and the Mayor and Clerk auth-
orized to sign the proposal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager requested permission to sell approximately seven pieces
of surplus motor equipment at public auction on September 20, 1957.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise
for sale of approximately seven pieces of surplus motor equipment at
public auction on September 20, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a request has been re-
ceived from Lembke, Clough and King, contractor for the construction of
the new Sewage Treatment Plant for an additional extension of time. Mr.
Kennedy stated that this request has been checked by the Consulting En-
gineer, Headman, Ferguson and Carollo, and they have verified the
fact that some of the filtering equipment has not been delivered, but that
delivery will be made this first week of September. The City Manager re-
minded the Board that the contractor has previously received an extension
of time until September 13, 1957, and it is the recommendation of the Con-
sulting Engineers that an additional thirty (30) days will be ample time
to complete the construction.

Discussion was held on whether or not additional fees would have to be
paid the Consulting Engineers if an extension was granted, and Mr.

Kennedy advised the Commission that Headman, Ferguson and Carollo had
agreed to continue in this capacity without additional expense to the
City for an additional thirty (30) days. However, if there is an exten-
sion past this time, the Consulting Engineers will have to be paid.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Lembke, Clough and King be granted an ex-
tension of time for completion of the new Sewage Treatment Plant until
October 13, 1957; further, that they be notified that if they require
additional time for completion of this project they will be required to
pay the cost for the services of the Consulting Engineers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro

Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Headman, Ferguson and Carollo,
Consulting Engineers on the New Sewage Treatment Plant, for final pay-
ment in the amount of $29,915.16 for supervision of construction of the
Sewage Treatment Plant representing 90 percent (90%) of their fee for
supervision. The additional ten percent (10%), or $3,323.91 will be
due when the contractor has completed his work at the sewage plant. This
is based on the fact that the plant is 97% complete and they feel they
should not be penalized for the plant's not being complete by reason of
the inability of Lembke, Clough and King to have placed filter rock
according to original schedule.

It was pointed out that now it would probably be two or three months
before the job will be finished and that Headman, Ferguson and Carollo
have no intention of billing the City any additional money for supervi-
sion during the period of the extension of contract granted to Lembke,
Clough and King.

The City Manager requested that this partial payment be authorized.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment of $29,915.16 to Headman,

Ferguson and Carollo, Consulting Engineers for the new Sewage Treat-
ment Plant be approved and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to
issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SURPLUS MOTOR
EQUIPMENT

Sale Authorized

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Extension of Time

SEWER PLANT CONTRACT