58

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants

WARRANTS	Nos. 1153 to 1156 inclusive, in the sum of $33,725.19 be

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Corradetti.

POLICE STATION &	This being the time set for the opening of bids for fence

SWIMMING POOL BIDS	at the Police Station and Swimming Pool. Bids were opened

Fence	from the following firms:

Alcorn Fence Co.	$5,967.00

Cyclone Fence Co.	4,287.25

Las Vegas Building & Materials Co.	4,634.00

Canemona Co.	5,830.00

Thereafter the bids were referred to the City Manager for
recommendation. This was also the time set for the opening
of bids for three cars for the Police Department, and no bids
were received.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
recess until 2 P.M. May 8.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark and -

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti
absent.

ATTEST	APPROVED

City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 8, 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 8th day of May, 1947. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Crgain at the hour of 2 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager

T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk
Helen Scott Reed.	

Upon recommendation of the City Manager, Commissioner moved that all
bids for the Swimming pool and the Police Station on May 7, 1947
be rejected and new bids issued to be opened at 10 A.M. on May 14,

1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

POLICE STATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that the claim of Mr. Stanley Runyan in	the

Claim- Runyan	sum of $8,978.98 covering work completed to April 30, be approved	

	when satisfactory to the City Manager and Comptroller. The Mayor	

and City Clerk are authorized to sign said warrant.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

RECOMMENDATION	At this time the recommendation of the Planning Commission relative

Planning Commission	to the location of the two disposal plants as approved as proposed	

by Mr. O'Neil and approved by the Planning Commission was read to	the	

	Board, and thereafter ordered filed.	

Thereafter a letter from the Planning Commission dated May 7 relative
to land use recommending that a special permit be given to the
Daughter's of the Utah Pioneers for use of a portion of the Old Ranch
on North 5th Street for a museum and relic hall be approved. The
recommendation was ordered filed.