VARIANCE -

Tide Water Associated
Co & Heers Associated
Approved



USE PERMIT -
Ruth Blake
Approved

AWARD OF BIDS
Schedule D of Sever
Improvement Program

SEWAGE PUMPING PLANT

Bid No. 54.36
Electric Light Bulbs



Bid No 54 37
Concrete Slab

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 6th day of October, 1954, having considered the
application of the Fremont Hotel, Inc. for a Variance to erect a hotel building
ten stories hight at the NE corner of Fremont and 2nd Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Commissioners
approving this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
Fremont Hotel, Inc., for a Variance to erect a hotel building ten stories high
at the NE comer of Fremont and 2nd be approved and the inspection departments
are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion which vas carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the request of the Tidewater Associated Co. and Heers
Associated of Nevada to construct a service station at 3601 Vegas Drive and Turquoise
Avenue as approved by the Board of Adjustment, V-51-54.

Mr. Jacobson representing Tidewater Associated and Heers Associated of Nevada
stated that this property is only suited for a service station and there have been
no lots sold for homes within ¼ mile. Also a wall will serve as a buffer to keep this
station away from any homes developed.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be approved,
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 6th day of October, 1954, having considered the application of
Tidewater Associated and Heers Associated of Nevada for a Variance to construct a
service station at 3601 Vegas Drive and Turquoise Avenue; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this board that the application of Tidewater
Associated and Heers Associated of Nevada for a Variance to construct a service station
at 3601 Vegas Drive and Turquoise Avenue be approved and the inspection departments are
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Sharp voted no due to the fact
that he feels the Planning Commission should study this whole area further. Commissioner
Jarrett did not vote as he stated that he writes insurance for these people.

At this time the Board considered the request of Ruth Blake to rent a building at 1612-14
East Charleston as an office for a doctor or a dentist. U-32-43, approved
by Board of Adjustment.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved as recommended by the Board of
Adjustment and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 6th day of October, 1954, having considered the application of
Ruth Blake for a Use Permit to rent a building at 1612-14 East Charleston as an office for
a doctor or a dentist; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ruth Blake
for a Use Permit to rent a building at 1612-14 East Charleston as an office for a
doctor or a dentist be approved and the inspection departments are authorized to issue
the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. George Wade, City Engineer, recommended that Longley Construction Co.
be awarded the bid on Schedule D of Sewer Improvement Program, Schedules 1,2,3,4,5,9,
10,11,12

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineers recommendation be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Wade recommended that the Sewage Pumping Plant bid be awarded to George E.

Miller

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City Engineer's recommendation be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Wade recommended that Bid No. 54.36 Electric Light Bulbs be awarded to Osbourne
and Dermody. This company will allow a 42 per cent discount and if payment is made
in ten days a 44 per cent discount for Sylvania Lights.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be approved.

Seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

Mr. George Wade recommended that Bid No. 54.37 on the Concrete Slab be awarded to
General Builders, Inc., in the amount of $2474.17

10-6-54