REZONING APPLICATION
Clem Malone

Z-17-54

REZONING APPLICATION
Charles L. Horsey, Jr.
Z-18-54

PETITION FOR REZONING
John Pappas



MEADOWS ADDITION
Water Service



SCHEDULES B & C
Sewer Improvement Program

LICENSE BONDS

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
2nd Qtr. 1954

New

REQUEST FOR REVISION
OR ORDINANCE



NEVADA CLUB
Gaming Application
3rd Qtr. 1954

Snack Bar License



Liquor License
3rd Qtr. 1954

6-16-54

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Jarrett, Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the application of Clem Malone for
rezoning from R-2 to C-2 of property south of Cadillac Arms.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this application
be set for July 7, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the application of Charles Lee Horsey,

Jr., to rezone Lots 15 to 20, Block 21, Wardie Addition from R-3 to C-1.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this application
be set for July 7, 1954, at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple. Commissioner Bunker passed his vote stating he has an
interest in this property.

Commissioner Sharp moved the petition of John Pappas for zoning the west half
of Block 5, Hawkins Addition to C-2 be referred to the Planning Commission for
study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time Mr. Harry Claiborne representing Theodore Michelas owner of the
water system in the South Meadows Addition appeared before the Board. There
was also present Mr. and Mrs. Croft who indicated that some of the residents of
the South Meadows Addition were complaining about the water service in this
area. These protestants indicated that there was sand in the water and
other disturbances, and that the matter has been brought to the attention of
the Public Service Commission.

Discussion was held on the matter but no action was taken due to the fact
that public utilities come under the jurisdiction of the Public Service
Commission.

The Assistant City Attorney reported that he has a copy of the contract between
Ralph 0. Dixson Estate and the Bonding Company. Mr. Hawkins further stated that
the Bonding Company would take over the contract and let George Miller complete
the unfinished portion of Schedules B & C of the Sewer Improvement Program.

At this time the City Attorney's office reported that the Overland Tile
Company and the Marshall Floor Covering Company have not secured license bonds
as required. Discussion was held on the matter and the City Clerk authorized to
cite the above mentioned business' to appear at the next regular meeting to
show cause why their license should not be revoked.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for the retail sale of
tobacco and tobacco products be approved:

ARTHUR MURRAY DANCE STUDIO	202	No.	7th	Sutton	Vending

LAS VEGAS V. F. W. HALL	705	No.	5th	Sutton	Vending

SNYDERS DRIVE INN	2001 So. 5th	Sutton Vending

UNION OIL CO.	226	So.	Main	Sutton	Vending

WRENS AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE	201	So.	5th	Sutton	Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time Mr. Elkins of the Nevada Outdoor Advertising appeared before the
Board requesting revision of the Building Permit Sign Fee Ordinance.

Discussion was held on this matter and it was referred to the Building
Inspector for study and recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of A. F. Schellang, Joseph Hall,

Bernard Van Der Steen, Frank Edds, Victor Hall and L. B. Sdherer for 100
Slot Machines, 1 craps, 1 "21" and 1 Big Six at the Nevada Club, 113 Fremont
for the 3rd Quarter, 1954, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of A. F. Schellang, Joseph Hall,

Bernard Van Der Steen, Frank Edds, Victor Hall, and L. B. Scherer for a snack
bar license at the Nevada Club, 113 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of A. F. Schellang, Joseph Hall,

Bernard Van Der Steen, Frank Edds, Victor Hall and L. B. Scherer for a tavern
liquor license at the Nevada Club, 113 Fremont for the 3rd Quarter of 1954
be approved.