125

LEE'S LUNCH	Commissioner Baskin moved that the business license for Lee's Lunch,

LICENSE REVOKED	216 North Main Street be revoked until such time as he has complied

	with the State Health Laws. Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple,

and His Honor Mayor Pro-Tem Clark voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Cragin.

RECOMMENDATIONS	The following recommendations of the Planning Commission were received

PLANNING COMMISSION and considered:

	September 2, 1947

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	LAND USE

Zone Exception Case No. 32

Mrs. V. B. Richardson

Lots 29, 39, 31 and 32, Block 4

Hawkins Addition, City of Las Vegas

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board adopt
an order approving the recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission
that the above petitioner be granted permission to use the lots indicated
above as commercial lots. Such lots are located at the above address
in Residential Zone #2, as legally described in the Petition for
exception, a copy of which is on file in the office of the Planning
Commission.

It is further recommended that your order include the following
provisions:

1.	Any buildings or structures constructed on such lot be of
type 1, 2, or 3 construction as established by the Building Code of the
City of Las Vegas in order that the same comply with the occupancy and
structural requirements of Fire Zone No. 1

2.	That said lots be subject only to such commercial use such
as a trade, service or retail establishment, and that the manufacture,

processing or handling of materials or articles usually conducted within
an industrial zone not be permitted.

3.	That any permits or licenses to operate such business be
issued under the same conditions as affects similar business in other
commercial districts in the City of Las Vegas.

This petition involving property legally described there in and
classified in Residential Zone #2 was presented to and reviewed by members
of the Joint Planning Commission on August 26, 1947. After consideration
of all factual data before members of the Commission, it was determined
that the exception here recommended under the conditions set forth was
consistent with the intent and purposes of the City Zoning Ordinance.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS - CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

,/s/'.C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

September 2
19	47

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	STREETS AND HIGHWAYS

Oakey Boulevard Extension

Gentlemen:

Under date of August 12, 1947, the City Manager requested the
recommendation of this Commission regarding the extension and opening
of Oakey Boulevard between South Fifth Street and South Main Street
in the City of Las Vegas.

The Planning Commission favors this proposal which is in accordance
with our previous recommendation of February 24, 1943, Item 3, concerning
streets and highways. At our regular meeting August 26, 1947, this original
recommendation was reaffirmed by the Commission with order to advise
your Board accordingly.

It is further recommended that this street be opened on not less
than eighty (80) feet of right of way due to the nature of the street
system and anticipated traffic movements in the area.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY JOINT PLAN-
NING COMMISSION
C. G. PETRIE
Planning Engineer