with the American-LaFrance and Foamite Corporation (Pacific) covering one type 75 American-LaFrance

750 gal. Pump and Fore Car with 80 gal. Water Booster Tank Complete as per specifica-
tion attached thereto, for a total rental price of $14,710.00, payable $3500.00 upon the acceptance
of said apparatus, and balance in installments as follows:

Twelve months after delivery and acceptance of said apparatus: $2470.00
Twenty-four months after delivery and acceptance of said apparatus $2356.00
Thirty-six months after delivery and acceptance of said apparatus $2242.00
Forty-eight months after delivery, and acceptance of apparatus $2128.00

Sixty months after delivery and acceptance of said apparatus $2014.00	

with option to purchase the same at the end of the lease period for the sun of One Dollar,
as specified in the draft of contract presented to the Board,	

	Said lease contract to be attested by the City Clerk under the seal of the City of Las Vegas,

And that upon the delivery and acceptance of such apparatus a warrant be drawn upon
the Police and Fire Fund for the initial rental payment of $3500.00 as in said lease provided,
by the proper officers of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to some before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
till Wednesday Sept. 25th at the hour of 3:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

SEPT. 25th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on Sept. 25th 1929 at the hour of three thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith Commissioners L. B. Hansell, and R. W. Thomas together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse and Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 24th read and approved as read.

A Petition form the electrical contractors was read to the Board asking for changes
in the new electrical Ordinance. Petition was laid over until such a time as the Electrical
Inspector could meet with the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday Sept. 30th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAC VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

SEPT. 27th, 1929.

Special meeting.	Present Mayor Hesse, and Commissioners Thomas, Hansell,

and Smith together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

To Viola Burns,

City clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Boa d of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Friday the 27th day of September

A.D. 1929 at 3 o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following:

1.	Street improvement matters.

2.	Matter relating to sewerage system, and disposal plant.

You will please make, and service notice in accordance with this call.

J. F Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

Notice is hereby given, that in pursuant to a call this day issued by J. F. Hesse
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Friday the 27th day of Sept-
ember 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following matters:

1.	Street improvement matters,

2.	Matter relating to sewerage system, and disposal plant.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

To- J. F. Hesse Mayor, and to O.J. Smith

L. B. Hansell, and R. W. Thomas Commissioners.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.