Commissioner Elwell withdrew his motion that this application he referred,
hack to the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of W. Bailey and the Woods Construction
Company for the reclassification of property legally described as the west 330'
of the S½, NW¼, SW¼, NE¼, Section 28, T20S, R61E, generally described as being
bounded by Madison Avenue, "N" Street, Jefferson Avenue and Highland Drive, from
RE to R-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bailey stated he was presently serving as a member of the Urban Renewal
Area Advisory Committee, having been appointed to this Board two years ago
by the City Commission, and had worked with this group under the direction
of Franklin Bills and Dave Kennedy. In this capacity he had been oriented
to the principles of good planning and that was the basis for this application.
Commissioner Sharp stated that he did not doubt his intentions or logic at
all, but he believed the Planning Commission had made a thorough study of
this and again stated the applicant had the right to appeal.

-0O0-

At the hour of 9:00 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 9:10 P.M., with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

REZONING Z-34-59	Commissioner Fountain moved the application of T. K. Wong and Flora Wong for

T. K. Wong	the reclassification of property legally described as a portion of the NE¼,

Section 8, T21S, R61E, consisting of approximately 120 acres, from RE to R-1
Approved	be approved as recommended by the Planning Commission, and the City Attorney

instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING Z-36-59	Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Jack T. Belcher for reclassification

Jack T. Belcher	of property legally described as a portion of the SE¼, NW¼, Section 5, T21S,

R61E, generally located on the east side of Cashman Drive, between Oakey
Approved	Boulevard and Ashby Avenue, and consisting of approximately 4 acres, from R-1

to RE be approved, and the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary
ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING Z-35-59	The Commission considered the application of Dr. Foster H. Krug, D.C., for

Dr. Foster H.	reclassification of Lot 34, Block 10, Huntridge Subdivision #2, located at

Krug, D. C.	the intersection of Norman Avenue and Maryland Parkway, from R-1 to R-4.

Denied	Denial was recommended by the Planning Commission on the grounds that this

would be spot zoning at a single lot in the middle of a large single-family
residential zone. A large number of neighboring property owners appeared at
the Planning Commission hearing to protest this application. Two petitions of
protest on file included 126 signatures; one petition was signed by 23 property
owners, all located within 300' of this property. Mr. Bills stated the applicant
intended to make application for a use permit to allow a professional office if
this rezoning was approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Dr. Foster H. Krug, D. C., for
reclassification of Lot 34, Block 10, Huntridge Subdivision #2, located at
the intersection of Norman Avenue and Maryland Parkway, from R-1 to R-4, be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

INFORMAL BID	The Commission considered the bids received for Informal Bid #1-17-59 for

#I-17-59	Alley Paving between Charleston Boulevard and California Avenue, from 2nd to

Alley Paving	3rd Streets; cash improvement district. Public Works Department recommended

Charleston,	that Wells Cargo, Inc. be awarded the contract for their low bid in the amount

California,	of $540; second bid received from the Ideal Asphalt Paving Company was in the

2nd & 3rd Streets	amount of $550. Engineer's estimate was $600.

Wells Cargo, Inc.	Commissioner Whipple moved Informal Bid #1-17-59 be awarded to Wells Cargo, Inc.

for their low bid in the amount of $540.

Award

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none.

INFORMAL BID	The Commission considered the bids received for Informal Bid #1-18-59 for

#I-18-59	Alley Paving between "A" and Main Streets, from Utah to Wyoming; cash 

Alley Paving	improvement district. Public Works Department recommended the Ideal Asphalt Paving

"A", Main, Utah,	Company be awarded the contract for their low bid in the amount of $730;

Wyoming	second bid received from Wells Cargo, Inc. was in the amount of $800. Engineer's

estimate was $800.

Ideal Asphalt Paving

Company	Commissioner Whipple moved Informal Bid #1-18-59 be awarded to Ideal Asphalt

Award	Paving Company for their low bid in the amount of $730.

11-18-59