No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 22nd day of December, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Clark County, Nevada.

December 22nd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of December 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Thomas
add Hansell, City Clerk and acting City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner German.

Mr. C.D.Baker appeared before the Board at this time and ask if the City would	give

some	aid in the providing of fuel for	the needy	at this time.

After some discussion on the matter on	motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by

Commissioner Thomas it was moved that J.P. King	Supt. of Streets	direct the cutting and

hailing of wood to the City Stockade where the City saw would be used in the cutting of the
wood into stove lengths to be turned over to the Red Cross as a clearing house.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
ten slot machine licenses be granted to J.T.Watters for the fourth quarter, 1932. Applications
being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the passage of a suitable Resolution on the demise of City attorney
F. A. Stevens was brought before the Board and the following was enacted, on motion of 
Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas,

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of December, 1932, City Attorney F.A. Stevens departed
this life, and

Whereas, the said F.A. Stevens, as City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, was and has
been a loyal, faithful, conscientious and learned advisor of the City for a period of over
twenty years, and

Whereas, in the death of F.A. Stevens, the City of Las Vegas has suffered a great
loss, and the County of Clark and the State of Nevada, a worthy and valuable citizen,

NOW THEREFORE

On motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, the following Resolution was
duly adopted:

Resolved, that the City of Las Vegas, by and throught its Mayor and Board
of City Commissioners, deeply feels the loss sustained, and extends to the
widow and daughter of F.A. Stevens its deepest expression of condolence and
sympathy in their bereavement, and bespeaks the individual sorrow of the
Mayor and each member of the Board of City Commissioners and the officers of
said City with whom the said F.A. Stevens labored.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the
minutes of the Board of City Commissioners, and a copy be forwarded to the
widow and daughter of the deceased.

Vote oh the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. noes none.

At this time the appointing of a City attorney was considered by the Board of
City Commissioners, and the name of A.S. Henderson was placed before the Board for consider-
ation by Commissioner Thomas. Mr. Henderson having been acting City Attorney for the City of
Las Vegas since December 8th, 1932 on appointment made by the Mayor, E.W. Cragin.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Mundy A.S. Henderson was
appointed City Attorney for the City of Las Vegas, same to be effective as of Jan. 1st, 1933,
to hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners and to qualify by taking the
official oath of office and filing a bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars with the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.