that the following resolution be and the same is hereby passed "Resolved That the City Attorney



be, and he is hereby ordered to draft and present at the next regular meeting of the Board a proper Notice of
Intention of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las V gas to order improvement of Main
Street by constructing on the east side of said street from the North line of sidewalk on the
South side of Stewart Street to the south line of sidewalk , on the North side of Garcia street, in
accordance with the provisions and requests of said petitioners, and providing for the cost of said
 
the following resolution was passed as follows towit:- "Resolved That Owing to the fact that the assess
ed valuation on the property abutting on the proposed improvements is so low that 20% of said valuation
would pay but a small amount of the expenses of the said improvement and the City would be compiled to

pay the largest part of said expenses therefore the prayers of said petition is hereby denied.

On roll call the following vote was recorded. Commissioners O.D. Hicks aye, F.E. Matzdorf, aye,

W.H. Elwell aye, and hie honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. C.P. Ball not voting on account

of being absent.

The petition for construction of a sidewalk on the East side of South Sixth street from Bridger
Street to Lewis street was taken from the table and after due consideration upon the part of the Board
it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following resolution be and the same
is hereby adopted" Resolved that owing to the fact that the assessed valuation of the property
abutting on the proposed improvements is so low that 20% of said valuation would pay but a small
amount of the expenses of the said improvements and the City of Las Vegas Nevada, would have to pay the
larger part of said expenses , therefore it is ordered that said petition be and the same is hereby
denied by the Board, upon roll call the vote was cast as follows towit:- Commissioners O.D. Hicks aye.
F.E. Matzdorf, aye, W.H. Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Commissioner
C.P. Ball being absent and not voting.

The matter of auditing the City Books coming on before the Board from the date when they were

last audited by A.S. Henders on down to January 1st, A.D. 1916. was next taken up by the Board and upon

motion of Finance Commissioner O.D. Hicks was instructed to enter into a contract with W. Whitmore

a State Auditor to audit the City Books for the sum of $125.00 , upon roll call the following vote

was recorded, Commissioners O.D. Hicks aye, F.E. Matzdorf, aye, W.H. Elwell aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Commissioner C.P. Ball being absent.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.