On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
one slot machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett. Application for same being on file with the
clerk and the required amount of money accompanying said application.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
Harry Shade be granted a taxi license for the operation of one cab.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 14th day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 14th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
-egas held on Friday the 14th day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on Friday
the 7th day	of August, 1936 at the hour seven o'clock P.M.	read and	approved as read.

The matter of the paying of a	claim of $6,744.74	to	the State Highway Department	of

of the State of Nevada was considered and the letter of recommendation of the City Attorney
was read to the Board. The City Attorney stated in his letter that he did not believe that said
claim was a claim that could legally be paid by the City.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was
moved and carried that the Clerk be directed the State Highway Department and report the
findings of	the	City Attorney and a	copy of his letter	the	Mayor.

Vote	was	Commissioners Down,	Farnsworth, Marble	and	Ward and	His Honor the Mayor	voting

aye. Noes, none.

Dr. W.R.Smith appeared before the Board in regard to a fixed salary of the Meat Inspect-
or for the City of Las Vegas. He was requested to work with the Meat Inspection and Milk In-
spection Boards and ascertain of some plan might be worked out which would be effective.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 21st, day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
AUGUST 21st, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held Friday the 21st day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and
Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held August 21st, 1936 read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that Geo. Earlywine be granted a retail beverage license for 113 No. 5th St. and that Jack
Weisberger be granted one 5¢ slot machine license for the same address. All application being
in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.