Mr. Lorenzi offered to rent his swimming pool to the City for the months of July 15, to
Sept. 15, 1937 for the sum of $250.00

Mr. Blackman, Chairman of the Recreational Board was instructed investigate the matter
of renting this pool and using same as a municipal pool for the summer months, and to report
his findings to the Board at an early date.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 16th day of July, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JULY 16th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of July 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow, Deputy City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Austin and Commissioner Perry.

The Board at this time took under discussion the securing of a swimming pool for the
City of Las Vegas. It was desided at this time that the cost of transporting the children
from town to the Lorenzi resort would prove too expensive.

A form of agreement leasing to the City of Las Vegas the pool commonly called Ladd's
was presented to the Board for consideration. Mr. Taylor, Deputy City attorney informed the
Board that they were not undertaking any financial risk and that there was not time limit set
as to when improvements should be made on the property providing dressing rooms, showers,
water supply and drainage. That both the agreement and supplemental agreement were in good
form.

The Board was informed by Mr. Baker, City Engineer and Mr. Blackman that the cost of
the improvements would be bout $1500.00. $800.00 to be paid by the city and the balance
by popular subscription. Water to be used in pool to be paid by contributions.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and car-
ried that the Board enter into an agreement with A.C.Delkin, owner of Ladd's Pool at such
time the supplemental agreement had been signed by Mr. Delkin and returned to the City of
Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and car-
ried that three slot machine licenses be granted to Ray Murphy to be used in the Lobby of the
Apache Hotel.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that permission be granted to Mr. Healy, owner of the Blue Cab Company to operate a taxi,
at First and Fremont Streets, west side of the Fremont Tavern, and to operate a taxi infront
of the Mission Tavern on 2nd and Fremont Streets.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that Lee Spiers be granted permission to operate a taxi formerly operated in front
of Sal Sagev Hotel to a place in front of the Apache Hotel on Fremont Street.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

At this time Commissioner Marble brought to the attention of the Board the fact that it
would be good policy for the Board of Commissioners to offer its services and cooperate in
every way with the T.W.A. in establishing its airline through Las Vegas, as permission for
such airline had been granted by the Department of Air Commerce.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and car-
ried that the sum of One Hundred Dollars be allowed Mr. Marble for traveling expenses in con-
nection with contacting officials of the T.W.A.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 19th day of July, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.