paving contractors asking that they submit written informal bids to the
City for this improvement . The City Manager advised the Commission
that two or these contractors had submitted informal proposals, said
bids which were on hand for opening by the Board.

Thereafter these bids were opened and read as follows:

Firm	Total

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO.	$1.25 per sq. yd.	$1,799.55

WELLS-CARGO, INC.	.80 per sq. yd.	1,066.40

The bids were then referred to the Engineering Department for tabula-
tion and recommendation.

Mr. Kennedy requested that a warrant be authorized in the amount of
$275.60 for airline transportation for Mayor Baker to attend the U.S.
Conference of Mayors in New York City in September, said attendance
at this convention having been approved at the regular meeting of the
Commission on August 7, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Comptroller and Treasurer be authorized
to issue a warrant in the amount of $275.60 for airline transportation
for Mayor Baker to the U. S. Conference of Mayors in New York City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple. Mayor Baker passed his vote.

The City Manager presented the recommendation from the Engineering De-
partment that a change order in the contract for the remodeling of City
Hall, State I with P & C Construction Co. to allow the installation of
a heat pump. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this will mean a
credit to the City of $560.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved the change order to the contract for the re-
modeling of City Hall to permit the installation of a heat pump be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance is $890,977.85.
He further advised the Commission that included in the Service and Mater-
ial Warrants totaling $221,393.74 there is $100.12 from the Bond Fund and
$6,173.56 from the special assessment for South A Street improvement.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Lembke, Clough & King for an addi-
tional sixty days for the completion of the new Sewage Treatment Plant.

The City Manager advised the Commission that the contractor claims that
due to the unforeseen encountering of water it is necessary to ask for
this extension of time. Mr. Kennedy further reported that the Engineer-
ing Department and the Consulting Engineer had gone over this request
and had advised that an extension of 30 days time is sufficient for
completion of the project.

Based on the recommendation of the Consulting Engineer that the contractor
for the construction of the new Sewage Treatment Plant be granted a thirty
day extension of time for delay caused by dust storms, unexpected founda-
tion difficulties and delay in equipment arrival, Commissioner Bunker
moved that Lembke, Clough and King be granted an extension of thirty days
from August 13, 1957 in which to complete their contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager advised the Commission that the Salvation Army has in-
dicated they are interested in either leasing or buying property owned
by the City at the intersection of North "A" Street and Bonanza Road,
just north of the Bonanza Road underpass.

Mr. Kennedy explained that at the present time the City owns portions
of Blocks 2 and 33 in the Original Las Vegas Townsite, which is inter-
sected by North "A" Street said street which deadends at the underpass.

The City Manager suggested that this portion of North "A" Street be
vacated, and presented a petition for said vacation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the petition
for vacation of a portion of North "A" Street, and this petition be
referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Mayor Baker

CITY HALL REMODELING
Change Order
Approved

GENERAL FUND
BALANCE

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Request for Extension
of Time

PROPOSED VACATION

OF NORTH "A" ST.

