Sir:

At a special Meeting of this Lodge, regularly and legally convened, the following Resolution
was offered from the floor and passed by the Lodge.

Be it resolved: That the Secretary of this Lodge be directed to write to the Mayor, Hon.

W. C. German, and request that he appoint at least one railroad man as a member of the

Park Board.

We feel that inasmuch as this Lodge maintains and finances the only active baseball team
in the City, which team meets teams from California and Utah, thus affording this City valuable

			

advertising in California and Utah, that is is an incumbrance upon the Board to co-operate with
and support the movement for athletics in the City, and that some member of the Board should be
familiar with the rent such attraction will be able to pay.

We also feel that a railroad man will prove a valuable addition to the Board in handling mat-
ters with Representatives of the Railroad.	

Thanking you in advance for your consideration of this matter, and assuring you of our
continued support and co-operation, we are

Very truly yours,

Roy H. Morgan, Secy.

Whereupon the matter of the appointment of a third member of the Board of Park Trustees, to
represent the City of Las Vegas, was taken under discussion.

The name of J. R. Brady was placed in nomination by Commissioner Matzdorf for the office of
member of the Board of Park Trustees, for the term of one year. Nomination was seconded by Commissioner
Anderson.

Thereupon, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell , that the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and El-
well and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of J. R. Brady was placed before the Board for appointment to the office
of member of the Board of Bark Trustees for the term of one year. The vote on said name was as
follows:	Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. noes

none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following petition:

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 28, 1923.

TO THE HONORABLE MAYOR AND CITY COUNCIL:

Gentleman;

I hereby made application for the position of cook at the City Jail.

I have resided in Las Vegas the past eight years and am a free holding taxpayer.

If elected to this position, my forty odd years as a cook places me in a position
to assure you of an intelligent, satisfactory and economical administration.

Respectfully,

W. P. Truden.

We, the undersigned, resident taxpayers of this City, take pleasure in endorsing Mr.

W. P. Truden's application for the position of Cook at the City Jail.

Ed. W. Clark	O. K. Adcock	Joe Graglia	Carl D. Farrar

Ed. Von Tobel	John S. Park	John F. Miller	W. E. Rerron

M.	E. Ward	0. C. Boggs	Chas. C. Corkhill	J. T. Ullom

Reese Morgan

Whereupon the matter of the appointment of a cook for the chain gang, was referred to the
Street Commissioner.

Upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, the following
Resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes of the Board:

RESOLVED that, until the further order of the Board all general licenses and fines
shall be distributed as follows:

General Fund	50%

Police and Fire Fund 50%