Bid No. 54.23 -

Traffic Signals

Awarded

Bid No. 54.24
Off-Street Parking
Area Paving

Awarded

PROPOSED PURCHASE
Steel Building
City Bams

BIDS FOR BLUEPRINT
MACHINE & OFFICE
EQUIPMENT

Opening Set

PROPOSED OFF-STREET
Parking Site
1st and Stewart

GAMING APPLICATION
New

Showboat

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Showboat

Paragraph 3b)- add upon fifteen (15) days notice and proceed with due diligence.

This was agreeable to the representatives of the Nev. So. Gas Co.
Paragraph 3c)- Add, comply with all ordinances of the City and statues of the
State.

This was agreeable to the representatives of the Nevada Southern
Gas Company.

Mr. Cannon further stated that the City would like to set up certain rules and regulations,
and add a provision that in the event of default the Board of Commissioners can require the
Nevada Southern Gas Company to appear to show cause why the franchise should not be revoked.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the transfer of the gas franchise from the Las Vegas Gas
Company to the Nevada Southern Gas Company as revised, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Jarrett.

It was requested that this matter be placed on the agenda for the next regular meeting on
September 1, 1954, in order that the franchise transfer can be reaffirmed when a full Board
is present.

George Wade, City Engineer, recommended that the Bid of Harry Brewer Company for the
installation of Traffic Signals and Street Lighting system at the intersection of Fremont
Street with 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 12th Streets and Electric Traffic Signal system and
construction of Traffic Islands at the intersection of Charleston Boulevard and Maryland
Parkway, known as Bid No. 54.23, be accepted and in the total amount of $37,300.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved that upon the recommendation of the City Engineer that Bid No. 54.23
be awarded to Harry Brewer Company in the total amount of $37,300.00 and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and

Commissioner Jarrett.

At this time George Wade, City Engineer, recommended that the bid of the Pahlen Construction
Company in the total amount of $14,530.65 for the construction of improvements of Off-Street
parking areas, be accepted. Said bid is known as Bid No. 54.24.

Commissioner Bunker moved that upon the recommendation of the City Engineer that Bid No. 54.24
be awarded to Pahlen Construction Company in the total amount of $14,530.65, and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Jarrett.

Director of Public Works George Wade requested permission at this time to purchase a steel
building for the City Barns for warehouse purposes. No action was taken at this time other
than to place the matter on the agenda for the regular meeting September 1, 1954.

The Director of Public Works George Wade requested permission at this time that the Board set
a date for the opening of bids for a blueprint machine for the Engineering Department and
office equipment for the Public Works Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved that bids be opened for a blueprint machine and office equipment
for the Public Works Department on September 1, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Jarrett.

City Manager, George Rounthwaite, read a letter from John Mendoza attorney for Quadalupe
Santa Cruz on the proposed purchase of her property on the comer of 1st and Stewart Streets
for off-street parking. Action on this matter was deferred until a full board is present.

The request of the City Engineer for permission to purchase concrete bumpers at a cost of
approximately $1.25 per foot. Action was deferred until bids can be received at the next
regular meeting on September 1, 1954.

At this time the Board considered the application of Ruby Kolod, Morris Kleinman, Moe Dalitz,
Roy Earl, Joseph H. Kelley, Bernard Rothkoff, C. J. Jones, and George Rosen, Desert Showboat,
Inc., doing business as the Showboat on the Boulder Highway for a gaming license for the
third quarter of 1954. This application was for 78 slots, 2 Roulette, 4 "21" games, 2 Craps
and 1 Bingo with 300 chairs.'

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved on the recommendation of the Chief of Police that the
gaming license of the Showboat be granted in the names shown on the application for 78 slots,

2 Roulette, 4 "21" games, 2 Craps, and 1 Bingo with 300 Chairs for the third quarter of 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor
Baker and Commissioner Jarrett. Commissioner Sharp stated that the firm of Zick and Sharp
did structural drawings on the casino only of the Showboat for William J. Moore, only.

That is their only interest in this project.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Desert Showboat, Inc., dba Showboat for a
Tavern Liquor License and a Cocktail Lounge License for the third quarter of 1954 be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Jarrett.

8-24-54