550

and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 9th day of December, 1953, by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the deed executed fey A. C. Grant, Al Cahlan and C. S. Wengert to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein fee, and the same is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution fee attached
to said deed, and that the same fee recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records
of this Board.

Motion seconded fey Commissioner Whipple and carried fey the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Motion seconded fey Commissioner Jarrett and carried fey the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this contract on the parking meters on the
Clark County Courthouse parking area be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commisssioner Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Las Vegas fee approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded fey Commissioner Jarrett and carried fey the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Motion seconded fey Commissioner Jarrett and carried fey the following vote
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried fey the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There feeing no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED! 

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held this l6th day of December, 1953 was called to order at the
hour of , 7:30 P.M. fey His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

BID OPENING SET
Cemetery House

Commissioner Whipple moved that bids for the construction of a new house
at Woodlawn Cemetery fee opened December 29, 1953 at 7:30 P.M.

PARKING METER CONTRACT The contract with Clark County on the collection and policing of the parking

Clark County	meters installed on the Clark County Courthouse parking area was presented

Lease	Agreement for consideration.

Lease

POSTAGE MACHINE
Lease & Purchase

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Manager to enter
into a lease and proposed purchase of a postage machine for the City of

CIGARETTE LICENSE
Derby Turf

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Sutton Vending for license
for a Cigarette machine at the Derby Turf at 113 South 1st Street, for
the fourth quarter of 1953 be approved.

SEWER IMPROVEMENT

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Charles J. Dorfman contractor for
Schedule A of the Sewer Improvement Project for an extension of time until
January 11, 1954 be granted.

PROJECT

Schedule A
Extension of time

12-9-53

...............

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 16, 1953

Mayor

C. D. Baker

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Asst. City Manager George H. Rounthwaite
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 50745 to
50858, inclusive, in the total amount of $76,383.46 be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.