point; thence northwardly, normal to Washington Avenue a distance
of 189.35 feet to a point in the south line of Adams Avenue; thence
eastwardly along the south line of Adams Avenue a distance of 392.56
feet to the westerly line of "E" Street (80 feet in width); thence
southwardly along the said westerly line of "H" Street to the true
point of beginning, all lying in the S½ of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of
Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada.

SECTION 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the
work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense
thereof, on file in her office for public inspection and examination.

SECTION 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the

City Hall in said City on Wednesday________, the 21st day of September ,

1955, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M., to hear and consider any sugges-
tions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed
improvements, or any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed
improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the
office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates,
plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed
improvements or work, of the location of the improvement, of the district to be
assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.
Said notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in
the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las
Vegas, and also by posting said notices in three public places near the site of
said proposed work.

SECTION 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of
by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are
hereby repealed.

SECTION 9- That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment
shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance,
but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplica-
bility and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance,
in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applica-
bility and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

SECTION 10. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two
successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 8th day of	September_________________, 1955.

Commissioner Fountain then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.
The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the
following result: Those voting aye: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple
and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay: none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by Commissioner Fountain that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and
adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for
the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said ordinance at this
meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay: none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in
full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion, and the question being upon its passage,
the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted.

Commissioner Sharp moved this ordinance be numbered 660.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

9-8-55