Commissioner Whipple moved the report be accepted with the amendments as stated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Banker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TWA-UNITED AIR SERVICE	Commissioner Peccole introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

RESTRICTIONS
Resolution Adopted

  WHEREAS, this Board at a regular meeting on the 20th day of June, 1951, proposed that an additional
airline service be granted into Las Vegas from the Los Angeles area and that a hearing on such matter be held
in Las Vegas, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, at a regularmeeting on the 5th day of July, 1951, this Board went on record as favoring the
extension of air service from Las Vegas to Los Angeles as soon as possible, and

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of this Board held on the 7th day of November, 1951, the City of Las
Vegas agreed to expend certain sums for the purpose of lifting the restrictions imposed by the Civil Aeronautics
Board on airplane flights to and from Los Angeles, California, by TWA and United Airlines, and

WHEREAS, a petition has been prepared in which the City of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Chamber of
Commerce are co-applicants before the Civil Aeronautics Board requesting the removal or modification of the
closed-door restrictions which prevent United Airlines and TWA from engaging in local traffic between Las Vegas
and Los Angeles, and

WHEREAS, this Board at this time redeclares its determination to seek the lifting of the restrictions
imposed oh United Airlines and TWA, and further wishes to ratify and confirm all its previous motions taken in
this matter, and

WHEREAS, the petition for the lifting of the said restrictions has been prepared and should be veri-
fied by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, AS FOLLOWS:

That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby ratifies, confirms and approves all
actions heretofore taken in the attempt to remove the restrictions imposed on United Airlines and TWA from
engaging in local traffic between Las Vegas and Los Angeles, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor is authorized to verify the petition for the removal of
such restrictions and he hereby is authorized to verify the same for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

JAIL PHYSICIAN	Commissioner Peccole moved the recommendation of the City Manager that Dr. Earnest Piersall

	be appointed Jail physician on a month to month basis at a salary of $175.00 per month be

approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Peccole moved the request of Wells Cargo Inc. to decrease the 10% retained

NO. 100-2	on the contract with them for Assessment District No. 100-2 to 5%, be denied.

Reduction of Retained

Percentage	Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

	Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MUTUAL RELEASE AGREEMENT Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign the mutual release
Nevada Sanitation 	agreement with Nevada Sanitation Inc. for the use of equipment by the City.

Equipment

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED HOUSING PROJECT Mr. Gordon Colton appeared before the Board at this time regarding a proposed housing
Slum Clearance	project designed for slum clearance.

His Honor appointed a committee composed of Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple to look
into the matter and report back to the Board.

EASTER SERVICES	His Honor appointed Commissioners Bunker and Peccole to study and make recommendations on

the proposal of Dr. J. Everett Clark for Easter Sunrise Services.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT -	Commissioner Peccole moved that the proper notice for bids for the installation of improve-

No. 200-10	meats in Assessment District No. 200-10 be given, said bids to be opened December 19, 1951

Advertise for Bids 	at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARBAGE CONTRACT 	Commissioner Bunker moved that all bids heretofore received on the Garbage Contract be

Bids Rejected	rejected and the Board proceed to renegotiate with those who have submitted bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker, Peccole and Jarrett were appointed to renegotiate for a new Garbage
Contractor and to make their recommendations to the Board as soon as possible.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor