WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has heretofore adopted
a resolution where under it agreed to secure additional rights of way to accommodate the reconstruction
 of State Highway Route 5, Section D-2, on behalf of the State of Nevada and such
rights of way are now being acquired; and

WHEREAS, for the better drainage of said highway and the protection of the adjacent
property, it will be necessary to install certain culverts and to construct ditches
appurtenant thereto upon and along certain city streets; now, therefore, be it

RESOLVED, that this Board of Commissioners does hereby grant permission to the State of
Nevada, Department of Highways to install new culverts or to replace existing structures
where necessary according to the plans of the Highway Department, at locations conforming
to the platted city streets, also, to construct the required appurtenant drainage ditches.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing Resolution be adopted and approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Two letters pertaining to the widening of Fremont Street addressed to C. F. Gartside
and Sal Sagev Hotel were read and referred to the city attorney who was directed to make
a report at the next regular meeting.

The application of E. P. Bihlmaier for a slot machine license at 123 Fremont for the

	

following machines: l 5¢ Mills, single handle, #429-639, 1, Mills 5¢, #464-452 and



1 Mills 10¢ single handle #344-567 was granted by motion of Commissioner Tinch, seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux

and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.	



Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Wm. A. Jones at Silver State Service 5th & Fremont for a renewal of 1 slot machine, Mills

10¢, single handle #326-345 license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith

and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor
pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Herbert Ward for a retail Tavern liquor
license at 131 S. 1st Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye.

Noes, Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of A. C. Clark for a retail liquor
license at 1st & Ogden Streets be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting
aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith.

The claim of J. A. Fleming for $854.71 for architectural services on the War Memorial
Building was presented at this time.

The claim of Connolly Electric Company for the return of cash bond of $100 posted with
the city as an electrical contractor was presented.

Commissioner Smith read a report prepared by himself regarding the bid submitted by

Jorgenson on the War Memorial Building.

The city clerk was instructed to write a letter to Mr. Jorgensen explaining that on

the advice of the city attorney, it is impossible to enter into any contract where the
city bear any part of the $200 wage increase.



Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of Connolly Electric Company in the sum of $100 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

A communication from the Parent Teacher's Association commending the Commissioners for
their action taken regarding the selling of liquor in the War Memorial Building was read.

The application of R. S. Norton for an increase in regard to the upkeep of his car
was presented.