No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 13th day of October, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 13th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of October, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Krause, Marble, Perry,
Ronnow and City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to Ethel Rapoport.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 30th, Oct 4th read and corrected.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to acknowledge letter from the Nevadans and congratulate them on their
plans for the celebration of State Admission Day October 31st, 1937, and inform them that a
representative of the City would be present in Reno on that date if at all possible.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Marble, Perry and Ronnow, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to write Mr. Berry Dibble, Consulting Engineer and ask that he prepare
a report and submit same to the Board by the first of November covering the costs of the in-
stallation of a power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas at the prevailing prices.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes
none. Commissioner Perry being excused before the vote was called.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk forward at once to Wright L. Felt, Acting State Birector of the P.W.A. four certi-
fied copies of the Resolution introduced and passed at a meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on this date at the hour of nine o'clock A.M. Said Resolution making formal application
to the United States Government for grant to be used for the construction of a power plant and
system, and to also inform Mr. Wright the estimates of cost would be in his hands by the first
of November, 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until the hour of three o'clock P.M. on Monday the 18th day of October, 1937.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 18th, 1937

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of October, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ron-
now City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for at this time be granted.

Vote Commissioners Krause Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Police Report approved by the Mayor.



At this time a number of bids for the purchase of shingles and paint for the grandstand, were opened
and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the bids be referred. to C.D. Baker for checking and that the lowest and best bid be accepted.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 25th day of October, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.