Las Vegas, Nevada

October 11, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 11th day of October, 1945. Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin at the hour
of 10:00 a.m. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Baskin, Clark; City Manager, T.E. Fennessy; and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti and
City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

The following letter from Commissioner Corradetti was read
to the Board and order filed:

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 9, 1945

Hon. Mayor E. W. Cragin and
Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

I wish to enter my objection to building the swimming pool
on the north side of the City Park, as recommended by the Planning
Commission, for the following reasons:

1.	Lack of sufficient lighting.

2.	No adequate approach to said location.

3.	Not the proper environment for swimming pool.

It is my suggestion that if the Mayor wishes to build the
swimming pool at such location that the Parent Teachers Association
and School Authorities be consulted and their recommendation be
given consideration.

I also feel that the residents of the South side of the City
are entitled to consideration as to the location of said pool.

Respectfully yours,

/s/_ A. Corradetti
A. Corradetti
Commissioner

Commissioner Bates moved that the swimming pool to
be built on the Westside be located in Block 14 of Valley-
view Addition, this property now owned by the City of Las
Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Claim No. 573-1, in the sum of
$14,945.90, covering final payment to the Pioneer Construction
company for the erection of the Fire Station be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until October 22, at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

AC:hsr

SWIMMING POOL - Westside

CLAIM — Pioneer
Construction -