184

After the foregoing motion was made, a group of interested taxpayers from Biltmore
Addition No. 1 and 2 appeared before the Board requesting information as to how the
payments were to be made. Mayor Cragin stated that a meeting with the City Manager
and the group would be arranged and a method of payment would be agreed upon which
would be satisfactory to everyone concerned.

At this time Commissioner Moore appeared.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that service and material warrants

WARRANTS	#1345 to 1348, both inclusive, in the sum of $24,967.10 be

	approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Nate Mack and the application of

PAWNSHOP APPLICATIONS At this time the application of James S. Pappas and Alexander

Coblentz, M. D. for permission to operate a pawnshop were
	presented to the Board for their consideration. Thereafter

Commissioner Whipple moved that the applications be referred
to the City Manager for referral to the police department for
recommendation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Harry Farnow

Harry Farnow	for	1 "21" game and 1	Roulette	game at the Boulder Drug Co.,

	121	Fremont Street be	denied.	Motion seconded by	Commissioner

Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that	the application of	Nate Mack

Eldorado Club, Inc.	for	24 slots, 3 "21",	2 Poker,	1 Pan, 2 Roulette,	2 Craps, 1

	Race Horse Book, 1 Tango-152 chairs at the Eldorado Club, Inc.,

124 Fremont be granted and that the license be issued to Nate
Mack until such time as the Commissioners investigate the
other stockholders. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved	that the application of Ben Goffstein

Ben Goffstein	for 1 Race Horse Book at	the Las Vegas Turf Club, 23 Fremont

	Street on the 2nd floor be denied. Motion seconded by Com-
missioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.	

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Dave Stearns

Dave Stearns	for 21 slots at the Santa Anita Turf Club, 113 Fremont Street,

Santa Anita Turf Club	be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried

	by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Dave Stearns

Dave Stearns	for 1 Race Horse Book at	113 Fremont Street at the Santa Anita

	Turf Club and Bar for the 4th quarter of 1947 and the 1st

quarter of 1948 be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Clark and Moore voting aye. Commissioner Whipple and Mayor
Cragin voting no.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of F. P.	Rinaldi

F. P. Rinaldi	for 1 slot machine, 3 chutes, Roto-lette, at the Monte	Carlo,

	15 Fremont be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the gaming application for 1 "21"

Silver Club	1 Roulette, 1 Crap be issued in the name of Joe Morgan	instead

	of the name of J. W. Schamm and Jess Meyers as applied	for.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	

GAMING APPLICATIONS	The following gaming applications were presented to the Board

	for their consideration:

Cora Jayne Phynes Brownie's Garage
Walter W. Mills	Elwell Hotel (bar)

"	"	"	Elwell Hotel (lobby)

 Gayer Co.	J. D's Drive In #2

Vernon E. Bunker	Oppedyk Jersey Dairy

Ronal D. Graham	Perfection Delicatessen

Joe Morgan	Silver Club

Robert Kroloff	Ace Bar

L. D. Tunnell	Ace High Garage

Claude Adams	Adams Market

O.	T. Rast	Aero Service Station

C. E. Cannon &

Ruth Cannon	All Nite Market

P.	O. Silvangi	Apache Hotel