On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that T.C.Walsh be employed at the new golf course at a salary of $140.00 per month, until the
further order of the Board. Mr. Walsh to have full charge of the equipment at the course.

Also incorporated in Mr. Ronnow's motion was the hiring of Ivan Abbott as
janitor of the War Memorial Building for the month of March 1940 at a salary of $50.00 for the
month.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City maintain a schedule of $35.00 per night for use of War Memorial Building when same
would be rented to individuals or associations of persons.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Purchasing Clerk call for bids for the purchase of a 7x10 2 inch screen to be used on
a truck in screening gravel. Same to cost approximately $30.00.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that R.C. Pearson, City Surveyor rent suitable engineering equipment until such time as the City
might purchase the same,

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Colbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on mot on of Commissioner Gilbert
seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this meeting recessed until Friday
the 8th day of March at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed until Friday the 8th day of March at 7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
MARCH 8, 1940

Minutes of a regular recessed meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 8th, day of March at the hour of seven thirty o'clock PM.

Present, Mayor John L. Russell, Commissioners Joe S. Ronnow, C. V. T. Gilbert, Herb Krause
and A. Corradetti, City Attorney Harry H. Austin and Deputy City Clerk Le Roy Whipple

Absent: City Clerk Mrs. Viola Burns.

A letter from County Assessor Frank C. De Vinney was read to the board, wherein Mr, DeVinney
asked that in the future when any new subdivisions are being platted that a blue-print be furnished
the Assessor's office of any such new subdivisions for record in his office. Thereupon the board
directed the City Clerk to advise Mr. DeVinney that his request would be complied with in the future
and that such blue-prints would be furnished his office hereafter.

Mr. A. A. Hinman made a request to the Board by letter that the City authorize and request
the City Attorney to appear in quite title action and file a disclaimer or notice of general
appearance to disquite title to the golf club as described in his letter of February 5th, to the
Board at that time. Thereupon Commissioner Ronnow moved that the City Attorney be authorized to
take the necessary action to comply with Mr. Hinman's request, his motion was seconded by Commissioner
Gilbert and the roll call showed the following vote, Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and
Corradetti, and His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti and Seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved that
the monthly report of Municipal Judge A. G. Blad be accepted fines for the month of February 1940
being in the amount of $51.00 - Vote Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a slot machine license be granted to Jimmy Fulcher at the Lido Bar 109 N. 1st, Street for the
first quarter of 1940 vote being Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor
The Mayor Voting Aye; None None.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail Beverage license be granted Blaine Johnson at the Johnson's 5th, Street Market 632 S.

5th, Street, Vote being Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor The
Mayor Voting Aye, None None.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow, and Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, it was moved and
carried that all bids on City Engineering equipment as previously called for, be rejected and that
the City Clerk be instructed to write each concern bidding on same and advise them of such action,
that the reason for so doing at this time that the City budget had not been approved for the year
and that the Board deemed it more advisable to with hold making such purchases until the budget was
adopted and accepted by the Commission, Vote being Commissioners, Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti

and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.