	Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 17th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and Commissioners, Stewart, Coughlin,
McGovern, Von Tobel, and his Honor the Mayor. after the roll call and there being no business
before the Board that required there attention it was then upon motion of Coughlin, and seconded
by Von Tobel, and duly carried ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday July 24th, at 8'o'
clocK P.M.

Office Of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 24th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

held pursuant to adjournment Present HOn. Peter Bull. Mayor and the following Commissioners
Coughlin, Me Govern, Von Tobel, there being a quorum present the Board then proceeded to
take up the following business. Claim of the Salt Lake R.R. Co. for $892.30 for freight on 

trenching machines w4a allowed and ordered paid. Claim of the Salt Lake R.R. Co. for $190.00
as freight on one car of cement from Devil slide Utah was allowed and ordered paid.

Claim of the Union Portland Cement Company for $420.00 was allowed and ordered paid.

Claim of the American Light and Water Company for $72.60 for labor performed on the sewer was
allowed and ordered paid.

Claim of the Salt Lake R.R. Co. of $78.55 for freight on sewer pipe from Los Angeles California
to Las Vegas, was ordered allowed and paid.

Claim of the American Light and Water Company of $57.60 for gravel for said sewer system was
ordered allowed and paid.

At this time Dr Roy W. Martin appeared before the Board regarding the question of the City
License tax and after a through discussion of the matter it was ordered that this matter be
turned over to the District Attorney.

At this time the Clerk notified the Board that he received a communication from the Hyrim Silver

Company of Salt Lake City Utah to the effect that the prices of man-hole covers would be $845 .00



instead of $745.00 as quoted to the American Light and Water Co. and per the order of the Board
at the last regular adjourned meeting, it was then ordered by the Board after general discuss ion
upon the part of the Board ordered that the Clerk of this Board be instructed to write to Silver
Brothers of Salt Bake City and to also send cut of blueprint of material desired and if found
that there prices are in accordance with the figures submitted by the American Light and Water
Company for said material that the order be placed with them.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday July 31st, A.D. 1912.