RESOLUTION

WHEREAS; the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada;
and the officers thereof; have taken action to improve certain streets and
parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS; said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-36 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS; Section 10 of Ordinance No. 693 provides for a cash payment per-
 iod from the date of such confirmation; and

WHEREAS; the time has now come to notify the owners of the premises assessed
that they may within said-period of two weeks pay the full assessment in cash;

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof; held on the 15th day of February;

1956; that the Director of Finance of the City of Las Vegas; in place of the
County Assessor, Ex-Officio City Assessor; be and he hereby is directed to
notify in writing all owners of the property assessed that they may pay said
assessments in full within said period of two weeks.

DATED at Las Vegas; Nevada; this 15th day of February; 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

The Commission considered the application of Don Atkin for rezoning of a por-
tion of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 2; T21S; R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to C-1.

The Planning Commission recommended this application be approved subject to
the condition that the property be developed according to the plot plan sub-
mitted; that construction commence within five months and be completed within
an additional twelve months and that all off-site improvements be installed
and completed within seventeen months.

Mr. George Milny appeared before the Commission and explained the plans for
the proposed development of this property if the rezoning is approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. Mr. R.B. Vaile
property owner in Hillside Terrace Subdivision was present and advised the Com-
mission that 38 of the 47 home owners in this subdivision had signed a petition
protesting this rezoning. He stated that these protestants felt that this
property should be developed for single family residences.

The Mayor announced that action on this application would be held until a
later time in this meeting.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.5 for the furnishing of
five dump trucks; bids were received from the following firms:

Gaudin Motors	$25,650.20

Sellman Motors	31,665.00

Clark County Mercantile 	32,485.00
Cashman GMC Truck Co. 	27,960.75

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of

Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 56.7 for the furnishing of a
tractor and mower units, bids were received from the following firms:

Garden Center	$4,747-00

Vegas Materials	4,267.27

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred	 to the Director of

Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp;Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
South 4th and South 6th Streets be rezoned as follows:

1.	All property between 6th and alley running parallel to and west of 6th Street
between Bridger and Charleston be classified C-1.

2.	All property on the east side of 6th Street between 6th and the alley running
east of 6th Street; between Bridger and Charleston be classified R-4.

3.	The triangle formed by Charleston Boulevard and Gass Avenue east of 6th
Street be classified R-4.

4.	All property between 4th Street and the alley east of 4th Street from
Clark to Hoover Avenue be classified as C-1.

REZONING - Z-2-56
Don Atkin

BID NO. 56.5
Dump Trucks

BID NO. 56.7
Tractor & Mower Unit

REZONING -

South 4th and South 6th
Streets