Upon notion duly made seconded, and carried the Mayor J. Hesse, and Commissioner
O.J. Smith were each allowed forty-five (45) days leaf of absence.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height,
area, and maintenance of all buildings and /or structures in the City of Las Vegas; providing
for the issuance of permits and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties for the viola-
tion thereof: declaring, and establishing fire zones; repealing Ordinances Nos. Twenty-seven (27)
-nine (59), Sixty-one (61) and Seventy-two (72) of the City of Las Vegas, and all other
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith:

Was read for a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Smith, and
Thomas, and His honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None. The same was ordered published in the
Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk was directed to order twenty (20) copies of the Uniform Building Code, and have
same on sale in the Clerk's Of ice. Three (3) copies to placed on file with the map of the fire
zones all to be dated this 1st day of August 1929.

An Ordinance providing the manner of parking vehicles in certain areas of the City of Las
Vegas for a period of sixty days from, and after the passage, approval, and complete publication
of this ordinance, providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance, and other matters
relating thereto; was read for a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners
Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None. Same was ordered published in
the Las V gas Age, tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

AUGUST 5th 1929.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada held on the 5th day of August 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Protem Smith. Commissioners L. B, Mansell, R. W Thomas, and W. C German.

together with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Pro tem.

CALL FOR A Special Meeting.

Las Vegas Nevada, Aug. 5th 1929.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

Call is hereby made for a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of the said Board in the County Court House in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on the 5th day of August 1929, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. to take up, consider and act upon the question of purchasing a new automobile for
the Police Department of said City, and turning the old Buick auto upon such purchase.

You will give notice to all Commissioners in accordance with this Call.

Done in the absence of the Mayor from the State this 5th day of August 1929.

O.J. Smith

Mayor Pro. Tem.

Las Vegas Nevada Aug. 5th 1929.

To O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro. Tem. C. German, R. W, Thomas, and L. B. Hansell Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to a call this day issued there for by the Mayor Pro. Tem. of the City of
Las Vegas, in the absence of the Mayor from the State upon leave, you are hereby notified that
there will a special meeting of the said Board, held in the Board Room of said Board in the
County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada on Monday the 5th day of August
1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to take up, consider, and act upon the question of purchas-
ing a new automobile for the Police Department of said City, and turning in the old Buick auto
upon such purchase.

Given under my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas the day and year first above

written.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

Due service of the foregoing Call and notice is hereby admitted this 5th day of August 1929.

O.J. Smith

R. W. Thomas	Mayor Pro. Tem.

L. B Hansell
W. C. German

Commissioners

After due consideration the following Motion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell,
and seconded by Commissioner German: Commissioner Thomas purchase a car for the Police Depart-
ment to cost not more than $1600.00 to turn old Buick in on a new car to agency that would allow
the most for the old car on the trade in, to make immediate delivery of car. The type of car to
be left up to Commissioner Thomas's judgment, and that the car should be purchased for cash.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell ,and Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith
voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned