SEGRAVES TRUCK	The City Auditor reported that the original agreement for the purchase of a

 Segrave fire truck provided that the truck was to cost $8,850.00 with interest
 of $1,062.00 covering a five year period, plus certain other carrying charges
which totalled $9,912.00 and that, he reason of recent negotiations, a cash 

payment had been agreed upon for $8,020.00 f.o.b. Columbus, Ohio. Commissioner
Smith moved that the deal be closed on a cash basis as read into the minutes
by the Purchasing Agent and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch,
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE CARS	 Commissioner Clark moved that the City Auditor be authorized to put the Police

OVERHAUL	 cars in first class shape at any place he may see fit to have the work done.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ACETYLENE WELDER  The City Clerk was instructed to correct the minutes of February the 16th to

 show that the City purchase an acetylene welder instead of an arc welder.

INVENTORY	 The City Clerk was instructed to notify the head of each department to submit

CITY	 an inventory of all city property in their respective departments and submit

the same at the next regular meeting. Also to make an estimate of the value
of its worth today.

 

MUNICIPAL JUDGE	 Commissioner Clark moved that the report of the City Judge for the month of

REPORT	 February be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the

following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; noes none.

TANKEL’S NORTH	It is the recommendation of the Clark County-Las Vegas Planning Commission that

ADDITION #2	  the City allow the vacation and reversion to acerage of all of Tankel's North

Addition #2 with the following exceptions:

1)	The street right-of-way on the north boundary known as Croissant Street
be retained.

2)	The street right-of-way on the south boundary known as Oak Street be
retained.

3)	Block 1 dedicated as public school site be retained.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Board be
accepted as regards Tankel's Addition #2. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BOULDER DAM	A certain petition signed by property owners in the Boulder Dam Homesite Addition,

HOMESITE	  et al, heretofore referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation, was

ADDITION	returned with the following recommendation:	That the petition be granted 

ET AL	providing it meets all legal requirements. Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved

that the petition be referred to the City Attorney for a report at the next
regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; noes none.

CITY STREETS	A recommendation from the Joint Planning Commission to the Board of City

 Commissioners for the acquisition of right-of-way and improvement of certain
 important streets in the City of Las Vegas, was presented to the Board at this
time. Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City Commissioners concur with
the Planning Commission on the establishment of streets as outlined in their
report and that the work be carried out at the pleasure of the Street Department.
Further, that the Ctiy Engineer and the Planning Engineer look into the matter
of right-of-way. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; noes none.

MILK ORDINANCE	Mr. F. L. O’Donnell appeared before the Board requesting the repealing of the

  milk ordinance insofar as inspection fees are concerned. Thereafter, Commissioner
Clark moved that his request be submitted in writing. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following voter Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING AND LIQUOR  Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming and liquor applications be
APPLICATIONS     granted:

GRANTED

Pearl's Cafe	224 N. First St.	Retail beverage license

Emma's Cafe	"F"	& Jackson Streets	2	slot	machines

Pearl's Cafe	224	N. First St.	2	slot	machines

Westside Cafe	"D"	& Madison	3	slot	machines

DeLuxe Sandwich	Shop	127	S. 2nd St.	1	slot	machine

Recreation Tavern	123	S. 2nd St.	4	slot	machines

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PREAMBLES AND RESOLUTION

RESOLUTION	WHEREAS, this Is the year provided by law for the holding of a General Election

  in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, there are to be elected at such election two Commissioners each for a
term of four years, and a municipal judge and city attorney for a term of two
years, and a Mayor for a term of four years, and

WHEREAS, it is the duty of this Board of Commissioners to order said election,
and determine the places in said City for holding the same

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that a general City Election be held in the said