ATTEST:		APPROVED;



 City Clerk		Mayor

* * * **************

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 7, 1952

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held this

7th day of May, 1952 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor	

C.D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.	Baker

Commissioner  Wendell Bunker
Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett
Commissioner William Peccole
Commissioner  Reed	Whipple

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
City Manager	C.W.	Shelley

Assistant

City Manager	Dora	Lord

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of April 16, 23, and 29, 1952 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commis-

sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; nones, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2263 to 2267 inclu-
sive and 2269 in the total amount of 153,636,13 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning from R-1 to
R-2 and R-3 of Charleston Village, said property being described as follows:

Lots 1 to 25, Block 1; Lots 1 to 12, Block 2; Lots
1 to 9, Block 3; and Lots 1 to 6, Block 4 of Char-
leston Village be rezoned from R-1 to R-3 and Lots
10 to 18, Block 3 and Lots 7 to 13, Block 4 be re-
zoned from R-1 to R-2.

His Honor asked Mr. Frank McCulley of the Madsen Development Co., Subdividers of this
tract, to explain the proposed development.

Thereafter His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this pro-
posed rezoning.

Mr. Robert M. Cope spoke to the Board and presented a petition from property owners
in the vicinity, protesting the rezoning.

Thereafter the following property owners spoke in protest to the rezoning.

 Mark Lintz	Mr. Rankin

John Mowbray	Jack Pursel

Commissioner Bunker moved this rezoning be denied. This motion was later withdrawn.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this matter be referred to a committee composed of two com-
missioners, five property owners and one representative of the Subdivider to discuss
this matter and make their recommendation to the Board at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Peccole
passed his vote:

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the following
described property:

Lots 1 to 10, Block 1 of the Moss Tract to be rezoned
from R-1 to R-2 and Lots 11 tp 19, Block 3, Lots 1 to
18, Block 4, Lots 1 to 9, Block 5, Lots 1 to 10, Block
6, and Lots 1 to 10, Block 7 of the Moss Tract No. 3
to be rezoned from R-l to R-3.

His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to object to rezoning.

There were no protests filed or voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Regional Planning Commission be
approved and the above described property be rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed rezoning of the following
described property:

Lots 1 to 20, Block 1 and Lots 1 to 10, Block 2
of the replatted Noblitt Addition to be rezoned
from R-1 to R-3, and Lots 11 to 20, Block 2 to
be re zoned from R-1 to R-2.

MINUTES

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PUBLIC HEARING -
 REZONINGS
Charleston Village



Moss Tract
Noblitt Addition