OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October Fourth, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of October, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M.

PRESENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German and Roy Neagle, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioner W. B. Mundy.

Owing to the absence of Mayor Hesse and Mayor Pro tem Mundy, Commissioner German was
appointed to act as Mayor Protem. upon motion unanimously carried.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Protem.

Minutes of the previous meetings read and approved. All claims allowed as shown
by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered filed in the Office of the Clerk.

The Clerk presented the application of A. T. Gilmore and J. W. Horden for a license
for the operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars
having been paid and said application having been approved by the Police and Fire
Commission, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license
be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the operation
two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars having been paid and
said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Gabriel Lopez for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars having been paid and
said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented a Plat of Lot J, Park Place Addition to the City of Las Vegas for
approval. Owing to the absence of the Mayor, it was resolved, upon unanimous vote of the
Board, that the Police and Fire Commissioner, Roy Neagle, be authorized and directed to
approve said Plat, and the City Clerk authorized and directed to attest such approval.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting recess until Monday, the 8th day of October, 1928, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.