OFFICE OFTHE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 19,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 19th day of June, 1923, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield, and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk.
At this time Proposed Ordinance No. 101 of the City of Las Vegas entitled" An Ordinance
Providing for a City Pound; Appointment of a Pound Master and Deputy Pound Master; Providing
Rales and Regulations for the Government of same; Prohibiting Animals Running at Large Within
the City and Providing for the Custody and Sale of Same and Matters Relating Thereto; Fixing
the Fees to be charged by the Pound Master, his salary and His Duties;

Fixing a Penalty for the Violation of

Any of the Provisions hereof, and Repealing All Ordinances or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict
Herewith, And Specifically Repealing Ordinance No. 5 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled' An
Ordinance to Prohibit Stock Running at Large' ", was read for the first time, and on motion of
Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson was passed to the second reading.

Voting on said motion; Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C.
German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon a committee from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce, of which E.W. Griffith
acted as chairman, appeared before the Board and entered into an informal discussion of the
routing of the proposed Federal Aid highway to be constructed through the City of Las Vegas.
Expressions of opinion were requested from the following citizens: Leslie R. Saunders, E.E.

Smith, C.C. Boyer, H.M. Lillis, John F. Miller, Ed. Von Tobel, W. G. Fulton, A.H. Harrington, H.D. Black, O.K.
Adcock, L.W. Stocker, and A.S. Henderson. At this time it was decided, on motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that final decision on the matter be deferred until
the next regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 3rd day of July, 1923. Voting on
said motion, Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time A.H. Harrington appeared before the Board with regard to making an
audit of the City books, and it was suggested by the Board that Mr. Harrington make an estimate
of the respective costs of a detailed and cash audit and present the same at the next regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners. The Clerk was directed to write to H.E. Frudenthal at
Pioche, Nevada, and secure his estimate on the same work.

At this time the Clerk read a communication from J.T. McWilliams regarding the
establishing of sidewalk grades within the City, and it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the letter be filed and the matter laid over
until the next regular meeting for further investigation. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield,
and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that
the matter of rounding up dogs without licenses be turned over to the City Pound Master, and
Chief of Police Crowley was directed to make arrangements for enforcing the ordinance regarding
dogs. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read a communication from the Chief of Police with regard to the
Providing of some motor vehicle for the convenience of the police department. On motion	

of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered that the letter be
placed on file and that the Mayor appoint a committee of three to look into the matter of

cars and prices, and to report at the next regular meeting. Voting on said motion; Commissioners