Mayor Russell inquired of the Board if it was ready to proceed with the radio programme as
he had commenced said programme. The Commissioners were of the unanimous opinion that at the
present time the City was not in the position to under take any additional programmes or pro-
jects until the City Budget for the year 1940 had been approved by the Board of Clark County Com-
missioners and the State Board of Finance, or Tax Commission.

No further business appearing before the Board on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded
by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until Friday the 9th
day of February, 1940 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

There upon said meeting recessed until Friday the 9th day of February, 1940 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 9th, 1940

Minutes of a Recessed Regular Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 9th day of February, 1940 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

This being annual Boy Scout Week a number of Scouts were present and took part in the
meeting, assuming the chairs of the various City Offices. Those present and the offices they filled
were as follows:

Robert Lee	Mayor

Eugene Hampton	Finance Commissioner

Bob Robinson	Street Commissioner

Glen Van Eaton Water Sewer and Light Commissioner

Sam Davis	Police and Fire Commissioner

Jules Benbow	City Attorney

Jimmy Porter	City Clerk

Sam Case	Electrical Inspector

Frank Kim	Truant Officer

Chester Gilbert Juvenile Officer

Jimmy Porter as City Clerk read to the Board a form of Agreement signed by A.A. Hinman
allowing the City of Las Vegas to use ground owned by him as a golf course until July 1, 1940.

Minutes of a regular meeting of February 4th were read and approved as read.

Krause

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner	seconded by Commissioner

Krause it was moved and carried that the "Agreement" signed by A.A. Hinman be accepted.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and Hie Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that 5 slot machine licenses be granted E.P. Bihlmaier and 4 slot machine licenses to granted
Ethel Rapoport.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. noes, non.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Mayor Russell sign the "master electrician certificates" of S. Dosch, Tom Connolly and H.K.
Jansen. These men had passed the required Electrical Examination given by A.L. Drew, City Electrical
Inspector ad the sum of $50.00 from each covering cost of Examination was filed with the Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Gilbert, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and car-
ried that the Board go on record approving the purchase by the Water, Sewer Light Commissioner
Mr. Krause of parts from the Door Company for the plant at the sewerage disposal plant.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

At this point in the meeting the Boy Scouts were excused.

The purchase of four (4) fire hydrants by the City was considered at this time and
the tabulation of bids opened at a previous meeting were presented to the Board. Fire Commissioner
Corradetti ask that the Clerk read a letter from Fire Chief Case recommending to the Board the
purchase of Meuller Columbian Fire Hydrants as it appeared to the Volunteer Fire D pt of the
City of Las Vegas that this make of hydrant was the best for this department.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and
carried that the City purchase four fire hydrants of the Meuller Columbian type from the Standard
Wholesale Supply Company. Bid price $284.00

Mayor Russell informed Commissioner Corradetti that he was going to transfer him to
some other department of the City and appoint some other of the Commissioners to the commission
of Police and Fire Commissioner.

Commissioner Gilbert called for question and upon being put to vote the vote was Commissioners
 Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting for the purchase of the fire hydrants
and His Honor the Mayor voting no.

Mayor Russell ask that the minutes show that he voted no because he was opposed to the
purchase of said hydrants for the reason in his opinion another brand namely, Pacific States, was
of the same quality and the price bid was $208.00