ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-20
Resolution setting
Date for Public
Hearing

SLUM CLEARANCE
REPORTS

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inade-
quate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is nec-
essary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that
an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the
public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately
following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in
said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication
hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of April, 1953

Commissioner Jarrett duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance, The question
being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result: Those
voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None.

Those voting nay; None.

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Jarrett that all rules of
this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordin-
ance at this meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final
passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was
called with the following result: Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole,

Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None. Those voting nay; None.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at
this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion, and the
question being upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result. Those voting
"Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None.

Those voting "Nay": None.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an em-
ergency ordinance. Commissioner Jarrett seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage
and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result: Those voting

"Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Absent: None. Those

voting "Nay”:	None.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 538.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing that a public hearing on the crea-
tion of Assessment District be held April 10, 1953, be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken steps to create cer-
tain public improvements all as provided in Emergency Ordinance No. 538, passed, adopted and
approved this 1st day of April, 1953.

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 538 discloses the intention and determination of said
Board of Commissioners to create said district and construct said improvements by special assess-
ment made according to benefits; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 538 provides a time certain for hearing protests against
said proposed improvements and directing that notice thereof be given, such time of the protest
hearing being 8:00 o’clock P.M., on the 10th day of April, 1953.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a
regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of April, 1953, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the
Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of said hearing once a week
for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
hereby is directed to post notice of said hearing in at least three public places near the site
of the proposed work; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said notice shall be in substantially the form attached to this
Resolution and made a part hereof

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 1st day of April, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the reports of the Building Department on buildings in the downtown
area be considered on April 20, 1953, and the City Manager directed to write letters to the owners
of the property notifying them of the details of said report and advising them of the meeting
to be held on this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.