

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Morris Diamond and Bernard L. Koblin for
a change of name on their license for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco
products at 433 North Main Street from the Dollar Market to the Dollar Food Bas-
ket, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners. Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following new applications for license for the re-
tail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved and the Supervisor of Li-
cense and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

H.W. HARMON CIGAR CO.	Louis Katsaros	300 Fremont

LITTLE BURROW CORRAL TRADING

POST	M.D. Close	2108 S. Fifth

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 10573 to 11124 inclusive in the
net amount of $75,973.05 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 12654 through 12895
in the total amount of $229,434.84 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of June 5, 19, 25 and 27, 1957 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker and Fountain voting aye; Mayor Bunker voting aye on all except the minutes of
June 27th at which meeting he was not present; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed
his vote because he was not present at these meetings. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordi-
nance concerning collection agencies, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance to amend
Ordinance No. 462 concerning the requirements for registration of casino employees
and taxi drivers, reported favorably on this ordinance with the following amendment:
that the registration fee be changed from $1.25 to $2.00.

The City Attorney was asked to revise the proposed ordinance to include this amend-
ment and present it to the Commission at the next regular meeting for adoption.

The proposed ordinance to enact Rezoning Z-5-57, referred to Commissioner Sharp for
recommendation, was held in abeyance until Commissioner Sharp is present to report
on said ordinance.

At the hour of 8:55 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:15 P.M:.,
with all members present as of the opening session.

Consideration was given to the application by William A. Poison, President of the
Monte Carlo Inc., 15 Fremont for a tavern liquor license, formerly issued to Fred
Soly. City Manage Kennedy reported that the Police Department investigation on
this application was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William A. Poison for a tavern liquor
license at the Monte Carlo, Inc., 15 Fremont be approved and the Supervisor of Li-
cense and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Morris Diamond and Bernard L. Koblin
for change of the name on the Retail Beverage license at 433 North Main Street
from Dollar Market to Dollar Food Basket be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of William A. Poison, President, for gam-
ing license for the Monte Carlo, Inc., 15 Fremont for 40 slot machines, formerly
issued to Fred Soly, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue author-
ized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. William Gelder appeared before the Commission at this time and requested permis-
sion to open the Monte Carlo Club this evening. He was advised that the licenses
had been approved, and the Club could be opened.

CIGARETTE LICENSES

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS



MINUTES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Casino Employee
Registration





PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

z-5-57 

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Monte Carlo

LIQUOR LICENSE
Chg. Name of Business
Dollar Food Basket

GAMING LICENSE
Change of Owner
Monte Carlo, Inc.