Office of the City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 5th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners sitting in and for the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, present Hon. Ed Von Tobel Mayor protem, Commissioners Chas M. McGovern,

Commissioner W.J. Stewart, and Commissioner J.J. Coughlin, and Clerk of the Board.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

The City Clerk having presented his official Bond for the sum of $2500. 00 with
Harry R. Beale and J.J. Lefurgey as sureties, for the same it was upon motion duly made and
carried ordered approved.

The City Attorney having presented his official Bond for the amount of One thousand
dollars with M.C. Thomas and W.D. Worrell as sureties the same was upon motion duly made and
carried aproved.

The Munucipial Judge having presented his official Bond in the sum of One thousand
Roy W. Martin J.H. Ladd.

dollars, with $$$$$$$$$ and $$$$$$$$$$$ as sureties it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the same be approved.

The $$$$ Night and Police N. Mitchell having presented his official Bond in the

sum of One thousand dollars with C.P. Ball and W.E. Hawkins as sureties it was upon motion
duly made and carried ordered that the same be approved and placed on file.

The Commettie as appointed by the Mayor at the last regular meeting of the Board
to devise ways and means for the rasing of funds for the City, presented the following towit:- 
 "we your commettie on finiaces as appointed by our Hon. Mayor at the last regular meeting of
said Board, do find the following that it is necessary to levy a special license tax covering
all business, callings, avocations, in said City and do recememd the following ordances and further
that this Board adopte the same at at once as per section 30 chapter 11, of an Act Approved
March 16,1911. entitled "An Act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and
defening the bundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City goverement therefor,
and other matters relating thereto."

The Clerk then proceeded to read the following before the Board towit:-

Ordance No. 1.

An ordance fixing the licenses on Divers Businesses and Occupations pursued in Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissionees of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

Sec. 1. that each and every person, firm or corporation who shall engagen on or
follow any of the herein after mentioned businesses, callings avocations or occupations in the
City of Las Vegas, shall as a condition precedent to the doing of any business or pursuing such
calling, avocation occupation or business, pay to the City treasurer as a license fee for such
privilage the amount set immediately following the designation of the variuos businesses,
occppations, avocations and callings hereinafter set forth, and such sums of money shall be paid
quarterly in advance, and for the purpose of the collection and payement of such licensee and
tax each year is divided into four quarters years, the first quarter year beginning January first
the second quarter beginning April first , the third quarter beginning July first, the fourth
quarter beginning October first, and each of such quarters year shall expire on the day preceding
the beginning of the next following quarter year, and no license shall be issued or granted for a
less peroid of time than one quarter year, and all licnses shall expire on the last day of the
quarter wherein they are issued.

Section, 2, The occupations , avocations, callings and bsinesses hereby taxed and

licensed and the rates of licenses and taxation are as follows, viz.

	For each and every grocery store $5.00 per quarter

For each general merchandise and gnts furnishing store $5.00 per quarter.

For each second store $5.00 per quarter.