The Clerk	then	read a card of thanks from	Mr. and Mrs. Al Rubidoux	for the

flowers sent to his	sisters funeral. Mr. Rubidoux,	at this time, personally	thanked	the

Board.

A copy of a letter from Gerald Sylvian, M. D., was read to the Board. Said letter
being in regard to Clark County Health Unit. Same was ordered filed for future reference.

The Mayor at this time stated that the County Commissioners and City Commissioners
were requested to meet July 9th at a joint meeting at the hour of 2:00 P.M., for the purpose
of discussing the proposed Health Unit for Clark County.

Mr. Smith	read	a letter from Mr. Wood and	same was ordered filed.

Mr. Clark	made	a motion that Mr. Newman, FBI man from Salt Lake be	requested	to

come to Las Vegas to aid the police department. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote:
Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion carried.

The Clerk, at this time read a letter from R. B. Griffith regarding right-of-
way for the Municipal Airport.

Mr. Smith made a motion that a body of five men be selected to be known as
Airport Advisory Committee. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith,
Clark, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Tinch moved that said selection be made at the meeting of July 16th, 1941
seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Smith made a motion, that, when any member or members of the Board of City
Commissioners, City Officers or employees, are required to make trips outside City limits of
Las Vegas, Nevada, in performance of duties or otherwise in the interest of city business
provided, such trips are made upon authorization or request of three members of said board
of city commissioners, such person or persons shall be entitled to reimbursement of any
and all money by them, actually expended for necessary living and traveling expenses
indidental to such trip or trips, when claim for reimbursement is presented to the Board
of City Commissioners at a regular meeting accompanied by itemized statement or voucher
properly attested or witnessed, showing each item and cost thereof, separately, such
claim or claims may be allowed upon approval by a majority of members present at said
regular meeting. Motion seconded by Mr. Clark. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Clark,
Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

Mr. Tinch made a motion that Mr. Clark and His Honor the Mayor be reimbursed
for expenses incurred by their recent trip to Reno, Nevada on behalf of the City regarding
the water situation. Motion seconded by Mr. Smith. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch and
Rubidoux voting aye. Commissioner Clark and His Honor the Mayor passing their vote. Motion
carried.

Mr. Clark made a motion that the meeting adjourn until July 16th, 1941 at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Mr. Tinch. Vote: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Clark
Rubidoux and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 16, 1941

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 16th day of July, 1941 at the hour of 7:45 P.M.

Meeting called to order by the Clerk in the absence of the Mayor.

Present:	Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, and Rubidoux. Mayor Pro Tem, Pat Clark.

City Attorney, Paul Ralli, the Clerk and Deputy Clerk.

Mr. Smith made a motion that in view of the fact Mayor Garrison is out of town
on account of illness, that Mayor Pro Tem, Pat Clark, act as Mayor for this meeting.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux voting
aye. Mr. Clark passed his vote. Motion carried

The meeting was called to order by Mayor pro tem, Pat Clark.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Upon motion of	Tinch seconded by Mr. Rubidoux, it was moved and carried that

warrants Nos. 543 to 547 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor pro tem and the Clerk
sign the same. Vote: Commissioners, Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Motion carried.

The Clerk at this time read a Resolution regarding the establishment of a Health
Center in Las Vegas. Said Resolution being as follows:



RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, W. T. HARRISON, Senior Surgeon, Liaison Officer, 9th Corps Area and Gerald
J. Sylvain State Epidemiologist and Director of Local Health of Nevada State Board of
Health, personally appeared before the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,