Las Vegas, Nevada

May 17, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 17th day
of May, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor pro tem C. R.

Clark at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City
Auditor, Mac Cazier; Deputy City Clerks LaVera LeMarinel and Ruth Spaulding.
Absent; Mayor Howell C. Garrison.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Minutes of the Meetings of May 4th and
May 5th, 1943 be approved and accepted by reference. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

VOUCHERS	  Commissioner Tinch moved that vouchers #1354 to #1718, inclusive, be approved

1354 to 1718 V and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

GAMING	  Commissioner Tinch moved that the following applications for gaming licenses

NEW APPLICATIONS   be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

Boulder Drug Co.	121 E. Fremont	1	slot machine

Bill Connell & Tony	Pappas	119 N. 1st St.	2	slot machines

Warners	16 & 18 E. Fremont	1	Craps

1 Wheel
1 Roulette
1 "21" Game
1 Poker

LIQUOR	Commissioner Tinch moved that a retail cabaret liquor license be granted to

NEW APPLICATIONS   R. J. Kaltenborn at the corner of 1st and Ogden Streets. Motion died for
R.J. KALTENBORN   want of a second.

LIQUOR	The application of P. O. Silvagni for an importer's beverage liquor license

NEW APPLICATION    was held over for proof from him that he has obtained his state license.

APACHE HOTEL      The City Clerk was instructed to notify him of this fact.

LIQUOR	Commissioner Tinch moved that C.A. Jones of the Pioneer Cocktail Lounge at

RENEWAL	    25 E. Fremont St., be granted an importers beverage liquor license renewal.

C.A. JONES	Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark
voting aye; noes none. Commissioner Smith stated at this time that the City
Clerk’s office should require some proof from the applicant that he has
his state license, when applying for an importer’s beverage liquor license,
before his application and deposit are accepted for a city license.

NAVAJO GRILL	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Irving Weiner for a beer

BEER APPLICATION   license at the Navajo Grill, 419 S. 5th St. be denied. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

GAMING	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of C. R. Millhizer for a

SOLS CLOTHING     slot machine license at Sols Clothing Store, 509 Jackson St., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye;
Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

ORDINANCE	 	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating Travel

TRAFFIC	 	and Traffic upon the Public Streets, Establishing a Central Traffic District;

and Providing a Penalty for the Breach of any of the Rules or Regulations
Regarding Traffic in this Ordinance Provided; and Repealing Ordinances
Nos. 66-68-69-86-90-94-120-124-125-127-141 and 143 of the City of Las Vegas
and all Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Herewith." was read
to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Tinch moved that said Ordinance
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark

voting aye; noes none.

RECREATION BOARD A letter from Jack J. McNutt, presenting his resignation as Chairman of the
JACK MC NUTT    Recreation Board of Las Vegas, was read to the Board. Commissioner Tinch
RESIGNATION	  moved that Mr. McNutt’s resignation be accepted. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

RECREATION BOARD Commissioner Tinch moved that the appointment by the Recreation Board of Mr.
MEMBERSHIP	  Lloyd Tritle, Ranger Arnold Hanson, U.S. Forest Service, the Rev. E. A. Wessell,

REPLACEMENT     and Gwendolyn Woolley to fill the vacancies of Mrs. Leo McNamee, Miss Maude

Frazier, Stephen Girard and Jack McNutt be approved. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.