ZONING ORDINANCE  	A letter was read from Mr. O. J. Morling, Building Inspector, in which he

VIOLATIONS	stated that he had given notice to several persons to remove trailers

and shacks that were in violation of the Zoning Ordinance and that the
owners of said trailers and shacks informed him that they had been to the
Office of Price and Rent Administration where they were told they did not
have to comply with this Ordinance. Commissioner Smith moved that the
Building Inspector he instructed to take the necessary steps to enforce
this Zoning Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

SUB-FIRE STATION  	At this time Mr. Jos. A. Fleming submitted plans for a proposed sub-fire

engine house. These plans were held for further study before action is

GAMING	taken.

NEW APPLICATIONS        Commissioner Tinch moved that the application for the following gaming

licenses be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

Jack Pot	116 Fremont Ave.	3 slot machines

1 "21" game

Esquire	120 S. 2nd St.	1 slot machine

PLANNING BOARD	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the appointment of Mr. Al Worswick to

AL WORSWICK	 	the Planning Board to replace Mrs. Dimick, whose term has expired, be

APPOINTED	 	approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner Tinch voted no.

AL DREW	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. Al Drew be allowed expenses to attend

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER'S   the chapter meeting of the Electrical Engineers at Long Beach on May 26th 
MEETING - LONG BEACH and 27th and that he be given the remainder of that week off. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Smith 

passed; noes none.

REPORT	A report from Mr. Al Drew	regarding	improvements at the Airport 

 ELECTRICAL DEPT.  	Administration Building 	was	read and ordered held for further	 study.

BOY SCOUT BUS	 	A letter from	Mr.	Kenneth	Van Vorst	of the Recreation Department 

INSURANCE	 	concerning insurance 	for	the Boy	Scout bus	was read to the	 Board and ordered

filed.

ELECTRICAL DEPT.	 	A letter from Mr. Al Drew, Electrical Department, requesting	the Board to

EXAMINING BOARD	 	appoint two commissioners to sit on the Electrical	Examining	Board for

Master Electricians was read and ordered held for further consideration.

DELINQUENT MILK	 	At this time Commissioner Smith read a letter from	Mr. Harry	H. Austin,

INSPECTION FEES	City Attorney, stating that the six dairies listed	as delinquent in their

milk inspection fees, namely:	Anderson’s Dairy, Creamland Dairy, Heinie’s

Select Dairy, Gwynn’s Dairy, Rancho Grande and Oppedyk Dairy have been
notified that unless these fees are paid up to date in compliance with
the Milk Ordinance, legal steps will be taken to collect said fees.

MURRY CABINS  	Commissioner Smith stated at this time that the Murry Cabins case, in

which the City is involved, has been postponed to June 10, 1943.

L.V. HOSPITAL  	Commissioner Smith read a letter from Mrs. Viola Burns of the Las Vegas

ASSOCIATION  	Hospital Association asking if the City still investigates the credit

rating of persons before placing them on the City payroll and intimated
that several city employees are now in arrears with their payments to the
Las Vegas Hospital Association. Mr. Smith stated that he called Mrs.

Burns on the phone and told her that the present Board of Commissioners
does not investigate the credit rating of prospective employees as Las
Vegas now has a Credit Bureau for that purpose. Mr. Smith stated that
he did not think the Board of Commissioners should set up a collection
agency and the Board concurred. This letter was ordered filed.

U.S.O. BUILDING  	Commissioner Smith read a letter from Walter F. Hansen of the Federal

FIRE INSURANCE	Security Agency which suggested that the City of Las Vegas provide fire

insurance on the U.S.O. building to protect its possible future equity
in the building. To determine the City’s equity in said building, 

Commissioner Smith wrote Mr. Wright L. Felt, Assistant Regional Director of
the F.W.A. who in turn made the following statement by letter:

"This will acknowledge receipt of your letter of May 7 concerning the
present ownership and future disposition of the Recreation Center in the
City of Las Vegas constructed by the Federal Government under this project.
The land and building are owned by the United States of America and it
cannot be stated at this time what disposition will be made of the building
after termination of the War." In view of the foregoing statement,
Commissioner Smith felt that the City has virtually no equity In this
building and, therefore, should not provide fire insurance coverage.
Commissioner Smith moved that his report be accepted, and that the City
Clerk inform Mr. Van Vorst, by letter, of the action taken on this matter.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark
voting aye; noes none.