At this time the following resolution was presented before the Board for their con-
sideration.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, did on the 12th, day of September,

A. D. 1935, enter into a lease with Las Vegas Post Number 8, The American legion, Department
of Nevada, a corporation, which lease was on the 3rd, day of June, 1936 recorded in the office
of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 12 of Miscellaneous, at pages 8 and 9
thereof, and by the terms of which said lease the said City did lease and let unto said Post
for the term of fifty years from and after the 1st, day of September, A. D. 1935, at the annual
rent of $1.00, the following described land:

Commencing at the northeast corner of Block thirty-three (33) of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

as per map of said Townsite on file and of record in the office of the County Recorder of

Clark County, Nevada, thence east along the prolongation of the easterly line of said Block

33 N. 28° 13' E. eighty (80) feet to the point of beginning; thence N. 6l° 47' W. 275.0 feet;

thence N. 28° 13' E. 300.0 feet; thence N. 68° 01' 20" E. 117.15 feet; thence S. 61˚ 47' E.

200.0 feet; thence S. 28° 13' W. 390.0 feet to the point of beginning, comprising a net area of

2.385 acres; and

WHEREAS the said Post did then and thereafter cause to be erected upon said land a large
building known as The War Memorial Building, at a cost far in excess of the sum of fifteen
thousand dollard ($15,000.00) against which there are now outstanding some ten thousand dollars
in bonds, including interest, all of which are now due; and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas did during the month of February A. D. 1940 enter into
negotiations with said Post for the purchase by said City of said building, including equipment
therein contained of the appraised or cost value of five thousand nine hundred seventy-nine
dollars ($5,979.00); and

WHEREAS said agreement was duly executed by both said Post and said City, and according to
the terms thereof the sum of ten thousand dollard ($10,000.00) has already been placed in
escrow with the First National Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas Branch, for the purpose of retiring said
bonds; and

WHEREAS pursuant to such agreement of purchase, the said City of Las Vegas has agreed to
pay unto said Post the additional sum of five thousand dollars ($5,000.00) on or before the 31st,
day of December, A. D. 1940; and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas does not at this time have the said sum of fifteen thou-
sand dollars available for such purpose; and

WHEREAS it is necessary that the said sum of ten thousand dollars so placed in said bank to
retire said bonds be returned to the said City of Las Vegas and made available to it for the pur-
poses of carrying on its regular governmental functions; and

WHEREAS it became necessary for said City to make the said purchase of said War Memorial Building
during the said month of February, nr not at all; and

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of said City deemed it advisable to make said purchase in
order to maintain the Auditorium in said building contained as and for a public auditorium for
present and future use, and also the remodeling of the down stairs front rooms of said building
as and for City offices and city hall purposes; and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas is badly in need of additional room for its City Library
and the room now being used as the City Clerk's office which adjoins said library, will furnish
such room and fill such need, if vacated as an office for the City Clerk; and

WHEREAS the downstairs portion of said War Memorial Building, in front of said large audi-
torium room, can be converted into office rooms sufficient to meet all of the present needs of
said City: and

WHEREAS the expense thereof, consisting of moving the present stairway, moving certain
transformers, altering the entrance, moving certain partitions and remodeling said front portion
for use as City offices, together with the expense of additional equipment, will
amount to the sum of five thousand ($5,000.00) dollars; and

WHEREAS the said Board of Commissioners of said City did at the time of consummating such
purchase, intend to apply for and make an emergency loan from said bank in the sum of twenty
thousand ($20,000.00) dollars to cover the purchase price of said building and its equipment,
and the remodeling of the downstairs portion thereof; and

WHEREAS there are at present no	funds in	the treasurer of	said City not	allocated to other

purposes, which can be used	for such	purpose,	and by reason of	the foregoing	facts an emergency

exists sufficient to warrant said City in making a loan of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000.00)
which can be obtained from the First National Bank of Nevada, Las Vegas Branch, at the rate of
interest not to exceed five percent per annum:

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada do borrow from the said First National Bank or Nevada,

Las Vegas Branch, the sum of twenty thousand dollard ($20,000.00) for the term of two and one-
half years with interest at	the rate	not to exceed five percent per annum; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that the	Mayor of	said City of Las	Vegas and the	City Clerk be, and

they hereby are authorized and empowered to make, execute and deliver a promissory note, or
promissory notes on behalf of said City, aggregating said sum of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000.00)
to be redeemable at the option of said Board at any time when money is available in the emergency
loan fund of said City, to be levied by said City and included in its budget for the years 1940 and
1941, as provided by law.