PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
Blks 13, 21 & 22
Wardie Addition
SO. Nev. Power Co.

TRANSFORMER STATION
Power Company Notified
to remove

PUBLIC HEARING

V-44-53

Lloyd Hobson

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners, Acting City Manager and City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special
Meeting:

C.D. BAKER	REED WHIPPLE

Mayor	Commissioner

WENDELL BUNKER
Commissioner

A.H. KENNEDY
Acting City Manager

REX A. JARRETT
Commissioner

HOWARD W. CANNON
City Attorney

HARRIS P. SHARP
Commissioner

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this
29th day of July, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C.D.
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Attorney
Acting City Manager
City Clerk

C.D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
Rex A. Jarrett
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

Howard W. Cannon
A.H. Kennedy
Shirley Ballinger

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of the Southern Nevada Power
Company for rezoning of the following described property:

FROM R-3 to C-1 - Lots 6 through 10, Block 22 of the resubdivision
of Block 13 and portions of Blocks 21 and 22 of
the Wardie Addition.

His Honor asked if there were any objectors present. There were no protests voiced.

Mrs. Evelyn Crone, property owner in this vicinity stated that she had no objection to the
rezoning as long as the transformer station was moved.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this hearing be continued until September 2, 1953.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Clerk be directed to write a letter to the Power Company notifying
them that the transformer station at 10th and Charleston is to be moved by September 30, 1953
and the Board expects this transformer to be moved by that time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of Lloyd Hobson of the denial of
his application for variance to construct a four unit apartment building within 5 feet of the
side property line, 8 feet being required, at 1422 South 2nd Street, His Honor asked if there
were any objections to this variance. There were no protests voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this variance be granted, and the following resolution
adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 8th day of June, 1953, Lloyd Hobson filed an application with the Regional
Planning Commission for a variance to construct and maintain a four unit apartment building
within five feet of the side property line where eight feet is required, at 1422 South 2nd
Street between Imperial and Utah Streets on Lot 14, Block 10, Boulder Addition; and

WHEREAS, on June 25, 1953 the Regional Planning Commission held a public hearing on this
application for variance; and

WHEREAS, on June 25, 1953, the Regional Planning Commission voted to recommend that this
application be denied inasmuch as they felt that the granting of this variance would start a
precedent and that the enforcement of an eight foot setback as required in the building code
would not cause any extreme hardship in the development of this property; and

WHEREAS, such decision was filed with the Board of Commissioners on June 26, 1953 recommend-
ing that such variance be denied; and

WHEREAS, The Board of Commissioners held a public hearing on this application for variance
this 29th day of July, 1953 and no objections have been received.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that Lloyd Hobson be granted a variance to construct and
maintain a four unit apartment building within five feet of the side property line at 1422

South 2nd Street on Lot 14, Block 10 of the Boulder Addition.

7-29-53