serve said sentence as aforesaid, and

Whereas, said Carl Winegart has since said 7th day July, 1923 been confined in said City Jail

under said committment and sentence, and is still confined in said City Jail under said comm-
ittment and sentence and has served one hundred (100) days of said sentence up to and including 

this 15th day of October 1923 and

Whereas, during the period of his incarceration of said Carl Winegart has proved himself a model

prisoner, trustworthy and industrious, and in the capacity of a "trusty" has well and faith-
fully performed valuable services for said City in driving the sprinkling truck of the
City for a long period of time, and also in the hauling of gravel for the street, and in
various other capacities, including valuable assistance in fire practice and at fires
occurring in said City, and

whereas, these matters have been brought to the attention of the Board of City Commissioners from

time to time by the Police Commissioner, the Chief of Police and other parties, and said
Board is convinced that this is a proper case for clemency.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, duly assembled
at an adjourned regular meeting of said Board on this 15th day of October, 1923, do hereby
recommend to the Board of Pardons and Parole of the State of Nevada, the remission of the
remainder of said fine so entered against said Carl Winegart, and the commutation of his
imprisonment for the remainder of the term necessary in the ordinary course to serve out
said fine; that a certified copy (certified by the city clerk) be made of this Resolution,
and immediately forwarded to said Board of Pardons and Parole, with request for speedy action
upon the application hereby made.

The vote of said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners C. R. Shield, W. H. Elwell,

A. R. Anderson, and his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, voting aye. Noes None.



At this time the City Attorney read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 102 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number 8 of Sec. 2 of Ordinance
No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance
No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the
purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted
or carried on within the corporation limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the
rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a
punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Or-
dinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35,' approved December 3, 1913 and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance
No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further amended March 5,1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City
of Las Vegas, and to amend Section 6 of said Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74,
and repealing all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," and same was passed to
the second reading upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell. Voting
Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the City Attorney read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 103 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled, " An Ordinance to Amend Section No. 1 of Ordinance No. 10 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled *An Ordinance Defining Vagrancy and Providing Penalties for Vag-
rancy,' and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances An conflict therewith", and upon
motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson,, the same was laid on the table
until the next regular meeting. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, Aye. His Honor

the Mayor, W.C. German, No. 

At this time the Mayor, W. C. German, asked the City Attorney whether it was permissible for
the Mayor to make or second a motion without vacating the chair, and was advised by the City
Attorney  that this Board is governed by no rules of order which would prohibit the Mayor from
either making or seconding a motion.

	Thereupon , there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, and duly
carried that the Board adjourn until Monday the 22nd day of October, 1923, at the hour of
seven thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.