CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

NOVEMBER 9th, 1939.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be
held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
Thursday the 9th day of November, 1939 at the hour of ten thirty A.M. to consider and act upon the
following business:

I. To consider and act upon the business of constructing an addition to the horse barns at the City
Race Track providing more housing for animals in said barns.

Dated this 9th day of November, 1939.

John L. Russell

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

To— Mayor Russell and to Commissioners

Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office on Thursday the 9th day
of November, 1939 at the hour of ten thirty A.M. to consider and act upon the following business:

I. To consider and act upon the business of constructing an addition to the horse barns at the City
Race Track providing more housing for animals in said barns.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 9th day of November, 1939.	Viola Burns

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned mayor and commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service of
the foregoing notice of a special meeting.

John L. Russell	Joe S. Ronnow	C.V.T. Gilbert

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

Herb Krause	Al Corradetti

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 9th day of November, 1939 at the hour of 10:30 A.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney and
City Clerk.

This meeting being called for the purpose of constructing an addition to the present barn at
the race track the Board at once considered the matter. Commissioner Gilbert, Commissioner in charge
of this department of the City informed the Board as to the great need to construct this addition
at once. A number of horses taking part in the Fall Race Meet to be held the last of the month*
arrived in Las Vegas and the housing of such a large number of animals not be adequate it was
necessary that steps be taken at once to provide this housing.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that the Purchasing Clerk together with the Street Commissioner and the Department Head purchase
necessary materials to construct an addition to the barns. Same to Cost approximately $1,000.00.
Purchases to be made with out bid owing to the lack of time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that this meeting adjourn.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

There upon said meeting adjourned.