Gragson asked if the proposed freeway would affect the zoning in that area. Mr.
Bills replied that he did not see how it possibly could until the Highway Department
came up with a final plan. Commissioner Fountain stated if this was spelled out,
he would support the plan and he appreciated the fact that these maps were necessary;
however, it was a question of protecting the people in this right-of-way which was
five years away.

Commissioner Elwell moved the general neighborhood plan covering the area between
the Union Pacific Railroad and Highland, West Bonanza Rd. and the north City Limits
be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain asked that the question regarding the rezoning be worked
out with the City Attorney as to what could be expected in this particular area
inasmuch as it was not known if the freeway would be located there or not. Mr.

Cory stated this was only the adoption of a general neighborhood plan which would
be used by Mr. Bills for his guidance and it did not constitute a change of
zoning in this area. Mr. Cory added that any change of zoning by property
owners would still come in for the next five years according to present ordinance.

BID NO. 59.60	Commissioner Fountain moved Bid No. 59.60 for the Painting of Exteriors at Dula

Paint Exteriors;	Recreation Center Building and Swimming Pool Building be awarded to the Sharpe's

Dula Recreation	Paint Company, 24 W. Utah, for the low bid in the amount of $4,257; engineer's

Center & Swimming	estimate was $4,000.

Pool Building

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Sharpe's Paint Co.	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Award

INFORMAL BID	Commissioner Whipple moved Informal Bid #I-8-59 for Alley Paving from Bridger to

#I-8-59	Lewis between 2nd and 3rd Streets (Cash Assessment District) be awarded to Ideal

Alley Paving;	Asphalt Paving Company, 7800 E. Charleston, for low bid in the amount of $595;

Bridger to Lewis	engineer's estimate was $800.

Between 2nd & 3rd

(Cash Assess. Dist.)              Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Ideal Asphalt	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

Paving Co.	noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Award

INFORMAL BID	Commissioner Whipple moved Informal Bid #I-10-59 for a 7½ H.P. Pump for the Police

#I-10-59	Rehabilitation Farm Irrigation System be awarded to Allen Water Well Service Company,

7½ H.P. Pump	911 S. Main, for low bid in the amount of $3,076.61; engineer's estimate was

Police. Rehab. Farm	$2,926.

Irrigation System

Allen Water Well	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Service Co.	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

Award	noes, none.	Absent:	Commissioner	Sharp.

INFORMAL BID	Commissioner Fountain moved Informal Bid #I-11-59 for construction of Sidewalks

#I-11-59	on 1st Street from Hoover to Boulder Avenue be awarded to the only bidder E. M.

Sidewalks; 1st St.,	Kaufield & Son, 601½ W. Bonanza, for Alternate #1 in the amount of $1,156,

Hoover to Boulder	including base course and 4" concrete sidewalk; engineer's estimate was $1,232

and excavation to be performed by City forces.

E. M. Kaufield

& Son	Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

Award	noes, none.	Absent:	Commissioner	Sharp.

INFORMAL BID	Director of Public Works, Richard P. Sauer advised the Commission that one bid

#I-12-59	was received from Blystone Equipment Co., 2840 Fremont, in the amount of $3,648.15

Skip Loader	on Informal Bid #I-12-59 for a Skip Loader with Scraper, and recommended this bid

with Scraper	be accepted. The engineer's estimate was $3,500. Mr. Sauer stated the present

Skip Loader was to be transferred to the Park Department.

Blystone Equip. Co.

Commissioner Fountain asked what the Park Department would do with this piece of
Award	equipment and Kenneth Hadland, Superintendent of Parks, stated it would be used

every day for picking up soil and sludge in the parks and cemetery as well as for
smoothing new park areas.

Commissioner Whipple moved Informal Bid #I-12-59 for a Skip Loader with Scraper be
awarded to the Blystone Equipment Co., 2840 Fremont in the amount of $3,648.15.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

INFORMAL BID	Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Public Works Department to receive

#I-16-59	bids on Informal Bid #I-16-59 for a Small Trencher required for various small

Small Trencher	pipe line and sprinkler jobs at an estimated cost of $1,300 be approved; bids

to be opened October 20, 1959.

Approved to

Receive Informal	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Bids	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

INFORMAL BID	Director of Public Works Sauer requested permission to receive bids on Informal

#I-15-59	Bid #I-15-59 for Fencing at the Municipal Golf Course in the estimated amount of

Fencing at Municipal 	$11,250. Mr. Sauer stated these funds were available in the budget and it was

Golf Course	intended to install as much fencing as this amount would cover, and a continuance

would be asked f or in the next year's budget.

Approved to

Receive Informal	Commissioner Fountain asked if this was not a little high and Mr. Sauer advised this

Bids	would be 6' chain link fence with two strands of barbed wire and they would purchase

as much fence as possible on the lowest qualified bid with the $11,250 available in
this year's budget.

10-7-59