the City. Mr. Kennedy pointed out that there had been one or two
partial payments made but there was still a balance of approximately
$3,600.00, which the present owners of Palm Mortuary claimed was the
responsibility of the previous owners of Palm Mortuary. After some
discussion it was decided that immediate action should be taken to
collect the monies owing from Palm Mortuary and that the matter
should be referred to the City Attorney.

Mr. Kennedy presented a letter from Planning Director Franklin Bills
to the effect that the House and Home Finance Agency wanted him to
act as Co-ordinator of Urban Renewal, for which they will pay him
$150.00 per month during the time the Urban Renewal Program is in
progress. Mr. Kennedy pointed out that this would last only during
the Urban Redevelopment Program and the $150.00 per month would be
paid out of Urban Redevelopment monies made available by the Federal
Government and recommended that Mr. Bills be authorized to accept
the appointment as Co-ordinator of Urban Redevelopment, effective
September 1, 1957.

At this point the City Attorney advised that it should be made clear
that Mr. Bills would be required to perform duties outside of his
regular duties. The Board of Commissioners directed that the City
Attorney prepare a motion approving the above, said motion to be
presented at the next regular meeting of the Board.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Headman, Ferguson and Carollo,
Consulting Engineers on the New Sewage Treatment Plant, for final
payment in the amount of $29,915.16 for supervision of construction
of the Sewage Treatment Plant representing 90 percent (90%) of their
fee for supervision. The additional ten percent (10%), or $3,323.91
will be due when the Contractor has completed his work at the sewage
plant. This is based on the fact that the plant is 97% complete and
they feel they should not be penalized for the plants not being com-
plete by reason of the inability of Lembke, Clough & King to have
placed filter rock according to original schedule.

It was pointed out that now it would probably be two or three months
before the job will be finished and that Headman, Ferguson and
Carollo have no intention of billing the City any additional money
for supervision during the period of the extension of contract granted
to Lembke, Clough & King.

Mayor Baker suggested there be something in writing to relieve the City
of payment for supervision by Headman, Ferguson and Carollo during the
period of extension granted to Lembke, Clough & King. Mr. Kennedy
then suggested, and the Board concurred, that Mr. Carollo and the City
Attorney get together to draft a letter or agreement regarding the
above to the satisfaction of the City Attorney.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Fountain moved that the meeting be adjourned at the hour
of 5:25 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Deputy City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 4, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 4th day of September, 1957 was called to
order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

FRANKLIN BILLS
Letter

SEWER PLANT
CONTRACT
Consulting
Engineers