a variance to construct a 25 unit apartment house on Lots 17 to 21 inclusive of Block 16,
South Addition.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for extension of time on said variance be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

south of St. Louis Avenue between Beverley Way and 6th Street, from
R-l to R-2.

2) Application of Royes J. Peterson to reclassify that property fronting
on the north side of St. Louis and extending for a depth of approxi-
mately 130 feet north, between 6th and 10th Streets from R-l to R-2.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation for denial of these applications
by the Planning Commission be upheld.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

Therebeing no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Jarrett.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
26th day of October, 1953 was called to order at the hour of 4:l5 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

constructing sewer mains and laterals throughout the City.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution.

WHEREAS, The City Commission has issued and sold General Obligation Bonds for the
purpose of constructing sewer mains and laterals throughout the City; and

WHEREAS, the City has received and has on hand the moneys from the sale of such
bonds; and

WHEREAS, it appears that approximately $405.001.00 of such moneys on hand will not
be required by the City for payment of construction contracts until on or after March
22, 1954; and

WHEREAS, it will be in the public interest to invest such funds in short term
securities so that the City can receive interest thereon during such time as the funds
are not required for payment to contractors; and

REZONING APPLICATIONS
C. Van Patten &
Royes Peterson
Z-67-53 & Z-68-53

The Board considered the following applications for rezoning at this time, the same having
been denied by the Planning Commission.

1) Application of C. Van Patten to reclassify a portion of land lying

LOADING ZONE - Denied
9th & Fremont Hotel



The Board considered the request of Thomas L. Kaplan for a loading zone or fifteen minute
parking zone in front of the 9th & Fremont Hotel, 117 North 9th Street.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-22

Commissioner Bunker moved the partial payment on Assessment District No. 100-22 in the
total amount of $10,608.00 to the Ideal Asphalt Paving Company be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Sup't. of Cemetery

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of George F. Maxwell, Superintendent of the Cemetery

for expenses of $250.00 to attend a convention in Chicago, Illinois, November 8 through

11, 1953 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the warrant when prepared.



Las Vegas, Nevada
October 26, 1953



Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

C. D. Baker
Harris P. Sharp
Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	R. V. Carey

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

ABSENT:

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

INVESTMENT OF SEWER
BOND FUNDS

At this time discussion was held on the investment of a portion of the funds from the sale
of General Obligation Bonds, which were recently sold by the City for the purpose of

WHEREAS, it appears that Certificate of Indebtedness United States Treasury Bonds