PRECINCT NO.3, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Bridger Street; oh
the east by the center line of Third Street ; on the south by the center line of Clark Street,
and on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way.

PRECINCT NO. 4., which is bounded on the north by the center line of Clark Street; on
the east by the center line of Third Street; on the South by the center line of Garces Street;
and on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way.

PRECINCT NO. 5, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the point where the center
line of Fifth Street intersects the northern limit of the City of Las Vegas, east along the said
northern limit of said City to the eastern limit of said city; thence south along said eastern
limit to the point where Croissant Street intersects the said eastern limit of the said city ;
thence west along the said Croissant Street to the center of State Street; thence south along
the center lint of State Street to the center of Oak Street; thence west along the northern
boundary of Buck's Subdivision of the City of Las Vegas to the center of Seventy Street; thence
south along the center line of Seventh Street to the center line of Fremont St; thence west
along the center line of Fremont Street to the center line of Third Street; thence north along
the center line of Third Street to the center line of Stewart Street; thence east along the
center line of Stewart Street to the center of Fifth Street; thence north along the center
line of Fifth Street to the point of the beginning.

PRECINCT NO. 6, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Fremont Street;
on the east by the intersection of Fremont Street and Charleston Boulevard; on the south by
Charleston Boulevard from said intersection west to the southwest corner of Harrison Acres and
a line running from said southwest corner of Harrison Acres to the intersection of Bridger and
Fifteenth Streets and the center line of Bridger Street; and on the west by the center line of
Third Street.

PRECINCT NO. 7, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Bridger Street
from the center line of Third Street east to the intersection of Fifteenth and Bridger Streets
and by a line from the said intersection to the southwest corner of Harrison Acres; on the
south by the center line of Charleston Boulevard from the said southwest corner of Harrison
Acres west to the center of Garces Street and by the center line of Garces Street from the
center of Charleston Boulevard west to the center of Third Street; and on the west by the center
line of Third Street.

PRECINCT NO. 8, which is bounded as follows: Betinning at the southwest corner
of the NW¼ of the NW¼ of Section 31, Township 20 S., Range 61 E., east along a line extending
from said corner to the southeast corner of the NE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 33, Township 20 S.,
Range 61 E.; Thence south along the center line of said Section 33, Township 20 S., Range 61
E., to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence west along the center line of Charleston
Boulevard to the east boundary of the Union Pacific right-of-way; thence north along the said
boundary of the said Union Pacific right-of-way to the point where an extension of the center
line of Garces Street intersects the said boundary; thence east along the center line of Garces
Street to the center line of Charleston Boulevard; thence east along the center line of
Charleston Boulevard to the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence south along the
eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas to the southern limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence
west along the southern limit of the City of Las Vegas to the southwest corner of Section 5,
Township 21 S., Range 61 E., thence north to the northwest corner of said Section 5, Township
21 S.; Range 61 E., thence west to the west limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence north to the
point of beginning.

PRECINCT NO. 9, which is bounded on the north by the north limit of the City of
Las Vegas; on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way; on the south by Clark Avenue and an
extension thereof to the northwest corner of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 30, Township 20 S.
Range 61 E., and on the west by the western limit of the City Las Vegas.

PRECINCT NO. 10, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the intersection of
Croissant Street and the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas, south along the said eastern
limit of the said city to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence west along the center of
Charleston Boulevard to the center of Fremont Street; thence west along the center of Fremont
Street to	the	center	of Seventh Street; thence north along the center of	Seventh Street to the

northern	boundary of	Buck's subdivision of the City of Las Vegas; thence	east along	the said

boundary to the intersection of State and Oak Streets: thence north along the center line of
state Street to the center line of Croissant Street; thence east along the center line of
Croissant Street to the point of beginning.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the polling places in said election precincts shall
be established as follows: to-wit:

For Precinct No. 1, at the Fire House next to alley on Second Street between
Fremont and Ogden Streets.

For	Precinct No. 2, City Library, Carson Street between	Second and	Third Sts.

For	Precinct No. 3, New L. & K. Market Southwest corner	second and	Bridger Sts.

For Precinct No. 4, Clark's Garage, Clark Street between Main and First Sts.

For Precinct No. 5, Martin's Garage 204 No. 4th St.

For Precinct No. 6, South wing of Tower Market No. 1, South Fifth Street.

For Precinct No. 7, Fifth Street entrance to Old High School, gymnasium near
corner of Fifth and Clark Streets.

For Precinct No. 8, Store building Southwest corner First and Garces Street,

For Precinct No. 9,	204 Wilson Avenue, Westside.

For Precinct No. 10, Hansell's garage, 131 No. 8th St.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Inspectors and Clerks for said election for each
of said election precincts shall be as follows:

Precinct No. 1, voting Board
Inspectors

Agnes Watters

Catherine Riggen
Hilda Pine
Clerks

Mrs. Billee Yates
Olive Roberts

Precinct No. 2, counting Board.
Inspectors

Flossie A. Wasden
Mabel Ingram
Ida Frehner Miller.
Clerks

Emily Lake
Dorothy Roth