RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

Sewer Easements
W. Charleston Blvd.

Area



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Sewer Easement Owens Avenue

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Sewer Easement
13th & Mesquite



RESOLUTION -
Municipal Judge
Leave of Absence

(5) acre parcel on the Northeast corner of Maryland Parkway and San Francisco Streets.

III - WARDIE & PIONEER HEIGHTS
(llth & Garces Streets)

Mr. C. Norman Cornwall appeared before the Commission representing Mr. DeBoveque owner of Lots 15 and 16, Block 23, Wardie Addition and Lots 31 and 32 of Pioneer Heights Subdivision. Mr. Cornwall
stated that his clients wished to retain the C-2 zoning instead of the R-3 as proposed.

IV - AREA SOUTH OF PARK PASEO
(Between South 5th St. & South 5th Place)

Property owners on South 5th Place were present to protest the proposed rezoning from R-l to C-l
of the area south of Park Paseo, between South 5th Street and South 5th Place.

V - AREA SOUTH OF BONANZA ROAD
(UPRR Industrial Property)

&

AREA NORTH OF BONANZA VILLAGE

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels appeared on behalf of the property owners in Bonanza Village concerning the
proposed change of zone from R-E to M-2 of that property owned by the Union Pacific Railroad
Company lying south of Bonanza Road. Mrs. Houssels also stated that these property owners wish
to object to the proposed R-1 zoning of that property north of Bonanza Village which is the SW 1/4 of Section 21, T 20 S, R 6l E, MDB&M.

Mr. Bigelow, Mrs. Longo and Mrs. Martha Bell also voiced objection to the above mentioned zoning.

Mr. Ted Werner and Mr. Clements stated that they had no objection to the proposed industrial zoning
of the Railroad Company property.

VI - CHARLESTON HEIGHTS SUBDIVISION

Discussion was held on the zoning of the proposed Charleston Heights Subdivision. It was the consensus
of opinion of the Board of Commissioners that the R-4 and C-2 zone be changed to R-l.

The meeting recessed at the hour of 10:00 P.M. and reconvened at the hour of 10:20 P.M. with all
members present as of the opening session.

Deeds were presented for sewer easements in the West Charleston Boulevard are a at this time for
consideration by the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT	RESOLVED,	this 2nd day of	December,	1953, by	the	Board of Commissioners	of the City	of

Las	Vegas,	County of	Clark, State Of	Nevada, that the deeds	dated and executed as follows:

a) Thomas T. Beam

b) Melvis S. Moss and Nate Mack

c)	Mattie	B.	Scoby,	Gladys C. Harris,	Thomas T. Beam, Melvis S. Moss	and Nate Mack

d)	Robert	B.	& Ruth	Griffith and R.J. & Eva Mae Kaltenborn

e)	Baker & Hazard, Inc.

f)	Lloyd L. & Rita McCray St. John.

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State Of Nevada, and that the real property described
there in 	be, and	is	hereby	accepted, for the	purposes and intentions as therein set forth;	and,

	BE	IT FURTHER	RESOLVED, that a copy of	this Resolution be attached to	said deed, and	that the

same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT	RESOLVED,	this 2nd day of	December,	1953, by	the	Board of Commissioners	of the City

of Las Vegas, County	of Clark, State	of Nevada	that the	deed dated the 27th day of	August, 1953

executed by Jesus and Macedonia Lopez and Tom Sakai to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time two deeds for sewer easements on 13th and Mesquite Streets were presented to the
Board for their consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of December, 1953, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deeds dated the 24th day of November, 1953
and executed as follows:

a)	Harry C. & Frances E. Jackson

b)	Harry N. & Margaret Herzog

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder, of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
filed in the records of this Board.



Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the foreman of the Clark County Grand Jury has signed and filed a complaint

against Walter J. Richards, Judge of the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas, said complaint

being filed in the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada asking for said Judge's