All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of
the Clerk.

No further business appearing Before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 9th day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 9th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 9th day of October 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners
German, Mundy and Hansell, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas, and City Attorney Stevens.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioners Hansell it was moved
that the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form,
and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Gateway Cafe	1 Slot Machine

State Cafe	3	"	"

G.E.Robinson	2	"	"

C.J. Mackey	3	"	"

J. Warren Woodard	3	"	"

Arnett & Graglia	10	"	"

E.P. Bihlmaier	43	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The following were at this time appointed to serve as Master Electricians on
the Board of Examination for Electricians, C.A. Nellis and D.L. Williams, and as
Journeyman Electricians to serve on the same Board the following were appointed, A.E.
Liebert and H.G. Malot.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was
moved that the Clerk be instructed to return to W.S.Goodwin, Clarence Blazier, and
Geo. N. Thompson and C.E.Faxon the sums deposited with the Clerk when making application
for gaming licenses, as said applications had been denied. The vote on said motion was
as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that the Clerk be directed to write Paul Hosman Building Inspector of the City of
Las Vegas that the Board of Commissioners wished him to maintain regular hours in the
office of the City Clerk. Said hours to be from 9 to 10 A.M. and 1 to 2 P.m. each day.
Said hours to correspond with the hours kept by the Plumbing and Electrical Inspectors.

Vote oh said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. A.R.Thompson, Commander of the American Legion Post #8 appeared before
the Board at this time and ask that permission be granted the Post to use the Streets
of Las Vegas for parades, and to advertise upon and from vehicles upon the public streets
of the City of Las Vegas wrestling bouts and boxing contests held from time to time in
the American Leion Stadium by music/or oral announcement made from or on such vehicles
by the human voice through megaphone or otherwise.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried the following Resolution was

duly adopted:

Resolved, that until the further order of this Board the Local Post of the
American Legion be and it is hereby permitted to advertise and to cause and
permit to be advertised upon and from vehicles upon the public streets in
City of Las Vegas wrestling bouts and boxing contests held from time to
time in the American Legion Stadium by music and or oral announcement made
from or on such vehicles by the human voice through megaphone or otherwise.
The vote on the said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 14th day of October at the hour of three o'clock P.M.