Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.

2122 and 2123 in the total amount of $7,005.44 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved that the minutes of May 29 and June 6, 1951
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker:

At this time Mr. Herbert Gerson, Executive Secretary of the Housing
Authority of the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board requesting
approval of the street plan in their proposed housing project on the
Westside.

Mr. F. E. Searway, owner of two and one-half acres of land adjoining this
project stated to the Board that he objected to McWilliams Street having
a curve as it enters the Housing Project. Mr. Searway also stated that
according to the Plans, H Street would curve also.

Discussion was held, and Mr. Gerson pointed out that the Planning Commission
had approved all preliminary plans.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the necessary resolution be
adopted accepting the streets in Marble Manor as shown on the maps sub-
  mitted, when said streets conform to specifications set up by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Gerson then requested information as to the requirements of the City
in order that they will accept the dedication of streets in the
Kelso Turner Tract. He stated that the Government is willing to meet City
specifications if the City will accept these streets and take care of the
maintenance thereafter.

Commissioner Peccole moved the City Engineer be requested to make a survey
of Kelso Turner regarding sidewalks, curbs and gutters and streets and
street lighting and determine what the cost will run and report back
to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of the Russell Tract be approved
subject to check by the City Engineer, and the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Jarrett moved the tentative map of the Pahor Tract be refer-
red back to the Planning Commission for further study, regarding the dead
end street in this tract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Peccole moved the application of E. Giorgetti and Catherine
Horden, The Westerner Club, 23 Fremont for additional gaming license
for 29 slot machines for the second quarter of 1951 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

At this time a letter from A. F. Schellang notifying the Board that
there has been a change in the ownership of the Frontier Race Horse
Book to Al Abrams and Joe Blumenthal was presented to the Board for
their consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be held in abeyance until
the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the petition of property owners for the vacation
of certain parts of streets in the Meadows Addition be referred to the
Planning Commission for study and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



MINUTES

HOUSING AUTHORITY
Street Plan

Kelso Turner
Streets

RUSSELL TRACT
Final Map



PAHOR TRACT



GAMING APPLICATION
Additional



GAMING LICENSE
Change of Operators



VACATION OF STREETS
Meadows Addition