BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said license to said Grimes and Williams be granted only

upon the express condition that they shall promptly pay the compensation of said police
man, as the same becomes due as aforesaid, and that the gaming shall be located in the room and
building which is changed in accordance with the plans this day filed with and presented
to this Board, and that upon failure so to do, such failure shall be deemed and taken as
a ground, in addition to the grounds now provided by, for the revocation of such license.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that except as herein modified and changed said Resolution of
date July 6, 1931 shall remain in full force and effect.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Commissioner Thomas voting No.

The application of above mentioned Roy grimes and L.A. Williams being in proper form,
and money coverning license fee for same being on file the Clerk was directed to issue said
license.

Mr. L.A. Williams at once paid the Clerk $100.00 as provided by the foregoing Resolution

On motion duly made seconded and carried the following slot machine licenses were
issued. Said Applications being in proper form, and the money coverning same on file in the
office of the City Clerk.

A. T. McCarter	2	Slot	Machines.

R. C. Andrus	1	"	"

J.T. Watters	6	"	*

Lorenzi Lake Resort 2	"	"

E. P. Bihlmaier	32	"	"

Licenses for above mentioned slot machines were granted by the following vote: Com-
missioners German, Mundy, Thomas, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Cragin voting Aye.

Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of granting a gaming license to J.D.

Butler and H.D. Me Bride for license to be operated under at 110 South 1st Street, at the
Big Four Club. The proper papers being presented to the Board showing the formation of a
co-partnership upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that a gaming license be granted said co-partnership, as application was in proper
form, and the money to cover said application being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board considered the calling of a special election for the voting
on bonds for a sewer system and disposal plant in the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, it is deemed necessary for the health, comfort and safety of the people
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to provide adequate outfall main sanitary sewers and an
efficient modern sewerage disposal plant to serve certain territory within the limits of the
City, and

Whereas, the present system is inadequate for such purposes, and

Whereas, the City's Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Benham, has made the necessary
investigations, surveys, general plans, profiles and estimates of cost of such main outfall
sanitary sewers and sewerage disposal plant, and

Whereas, the engineer's estimate of cost of such main sanitary outfall sewers and
sewerage disposal plant in accordance with report heretofore filed in in amount of One
Hundred and Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00), which main sewers are of the size and
location substantially as follows:-

10" diameter- Charleston Blvd. from Third Street to Eighth Street.

12" diameter- Eighth Street from Charleston Blvd. to Gass Street.

12" diameter-Gass Street from Eighth Street to alley between Eighth and Ninth Streets.
12" diameter - Alley between Eighth and Ninth Streets from Gass Street to Clark

Street.

8" diameter - Garces Street from the alley between Main and First Streets to the
alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets.

8" diameter - Alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets from Garces Street to Bonne-
ville Street.

8" diameter - Bonneville Street from alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets to the
alley between Sixth and Seventh Streets.

10" diameter - Alley between Sixth and Seventh Streets from Bonneville to Clark

Streets.

10" diameter - Clark Street from the alley between Sixth and Seventh Streets to
the alley between Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets.

12 " diameter- Clark Street from the alley between Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets
to Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets.

18" diameter - Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets from Clark Street to the sewerage
disposal plant to be located immediately north of Tankels Addition between Bruce and Four-
teenth Streets produced north.

8" diameter - Bridger Street from the alley between seventh and Eighth Streets to
Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets.

8" diameter - East and west alley between Fremont and Ogden Streets from the alley
between Eleventh and Twelfth Streets to Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets.

10" diameter - Fremont Street from the connection with the present sewer on the
property of the Union Pacific Railroad Company west of Main Street to Main Street.

10" diameter - Main Street from Fremont Street to Stewart Street.

10" diameter - Stewart Street from Main Street to Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets.

10" Diameter - Alley between Third and Fourth Streets from the east and west alley
between Ogden and Fremont Street to Stewart Street.

15" diameter - Oak Street from connection with the present sewer to alley between
Clark and La Salle Streets.

12" diameter - Oak Street from alley between Clark and La Salle Streets to Four-
teenth or Fifteenth Streets.

8" diameter - (Original Townsite) First Street and Clark Avenue to alley between
Gass and Stewart Avenues.

10" diameter - (Original Townsite) First Street from alley between Gass and Stewart
Avenues to Washington Avenue.

12 " diameter - From the intersection of First Street and Washington Avenue
(Original Townsite) southeasterly to the intersection of State and Croissant Streets at the
northwest corner of Stewart Addition.