OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 2nd, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of March, A.D. 1923, at the hour of two o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with commissioners Harry Blanding and W.E. Arnold,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens being absent.

VAt this time the members of the Cemetery Board ,Mesdames W.B. Mundy, C.M. McGovern and
Helen J. Stewart, appeared before the Board and presented a statement of the needs of the
cemetery in the way of improvements. Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the improvements 

requested were a real necessity, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Com-
missioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the sum of $150 be allowed out
of the Cemetery Fund for the improvement of the Sexton's house and for the building of
a small shed for tools. Voting upon said motion Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time a discussion of the policy of the Board of Commissioners with regard to
the conduct and regulation of Woodlawn Cemetery coming on before the Board, it was the order
of the Board, on motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that
the matter of regulation and conduct of said cemetery shall be left to the discretion of the
Board of Trustees of the said cemetery.

It appearing to the Board that it has been necessary for the City two furnish two lots



for the burial of indigents, it was the order of the Board, upon motion duly made and carried that
the Cemetery Board should be paid for these lots out of the City General fund as follows:
the sum of $10.00 to the Board of Trustees of Woodlawn cemetery; the sum of $5.00 to Mrs.

W.B. Mundy, this amount having been advanced by her for a grave for the burial of a child, and
that the deeds to these said lots shall be given to the parents of the deceased. Motion of Com-
missioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding. Voting, Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

This being the time set for the presentation of protests against the construction of the
proposed sidewalk on Fourth Street, and it appearing to the Board that there are no property
owners present to protest, and it also appearing that not more than fifty percent of the
property owners affected have objected to said construction, proposed Ordinance No. 97 entitled
" An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, providing for the Improvement of Fourth Street by
constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Blocks Nos. 35, 36 and 29 of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment," was read for the
first time, and passed to the second reading upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by
Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes,
none.

At this time the Clerk was directed to advertise for bids for the construction of said
sidewalk improvement in accordance with the above mentioned Ordinance, bids to be submitted at
a regular adjourned meeting of this Board to be held on the 12th day of March, A.D. 1923, at the
hour of one o'clock p.m.

At this time the Clerk was directed to advertise for bids for the disposal of Garbage
in accordance with Ordinance No. 80 said bids to be submitted to the Board at a regular
adjourned meeting to be held on, the 12th day of March, A.D. 1923 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

On motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, it was the order of
the Board that the office of Sewer Inspector of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby
declared open. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

 Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that Chas. A. Gibbs has made application for the
position of Sewer Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, and it appearing that the applicant is