CIGARETTE VENDING	The Commission considered the application of Ray Eckle for a Cigarette Vending Machine

MACHINE LICENSE	License for the Smokey Cigarette Co., 1521 South Main Street. There is a favorable

Smokey Cigarette Co.	police report on the applicant.

Approved	Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Ray Eckle for a Cigarette Vending

Machine License for the Smokey Cigarette Co., 1521 South Main, be approved, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board at the hour of 9:35 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting be recessed until next Wednesday, March 11,

1959 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

	ROBERT F. BOOS, Acting City Clerk	

	

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 11, 1959

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 11th day of March, 1959; was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner 	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Calvin Cory

Deputy Planning Dir.	Donald J. Saylor

Dir. Public Works	Richard P. Sauer

Acting City Clerk	Robert F. Boos

Absent:	Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

BUDGET HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the hearing on the proposed budget for the fiscal

Proposed Budget	year 1959-60; City Manager Kennedy presented the proposed budget to the Mayor and Board

for Fiscal Year	of City Commissioners and discussed the major factors to be called to the attention of

1959 - 60	the Board prior to the adoption of the proposed budget.

Adopted	Mr. Kennedy pointed out that the total estimated expenditures in tie proposed budget is

$4,372,025.48 excluding bonded debt expenditures and that the total proposed budget 
including bonded debt expenditures is $5,148,316.52. He pointed out that the proposed
budget for the fiscal year 1955.60 for the City of Las Vegas is based on $1.58 tax rate.

He then discussed the major changes in the departmental budgets pointing out the proposed
increase of thirteen personnel in the Police Department, six personnel in the Fire Department 
and the corresponding increase in operating expenses in these departments as a result
of the additional personnel.

Mr. Kennedy then pointed out that there was a proposed capital outlay expenditure in
Civil Defense of $35,000 which is primarily for the purchase of equipment through the
Federal Civil Defense Program wherein we will be able to acquire equipment at a fraction
of the normal cost.

He then discussed the proposed program in the Street, Park and Recreation Departments
including the fact that there are funds budgeted for participation in a Community
Facilities Loan from the Federal Government in the amount of $750,000 if made available
to be used for development of the City Park facilities. If the money is made available
it would be payable on a 10-year basis at an interest rate of approximately 3%.

Mr. Kennedy stated that there are personnel provided in the proposed budget to place
summer time recreation leaders in seven areas in the City. Mayor Baker pointed out that
the same provision was made in this yearns budget; however, the demand on the part of
the public was such that not all of the positions were filled and that the positions would
be filled on the basis of need and demand as reflected in the wishes of the general public.

Commissioner Bunker asked Mr. Kennedy if there were funds provided in the proposed
budget for the development of the Hyde Park recreation area. Mr. Kennedy replied that it
is planned that this area will be, if possible, completed between now and the end of this
fiscal year. He also pointed out in reply to a question of Commissioner Bunker that work
would progress as rapidly as possible on the Lions Club Park baseball diamond and that
they should definitely have it available for use of the children this summer.

Discussion was also held regarding the bonded indebtedness and assessed valuation wherein
it was pointed out that the outstanding bonded indebtedness as of July 1, 1959 would be
$3,682,000 and the assessed valuation would be $128,501,369 representing a ratio of
bonded debt to assessed Valuation of approximately 3% which is a very favorable ratio and
considerably less than that of most cities.

3-4-59 & 3-11-59