Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of August 22 and 31, 1950 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and Carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple, Peccole and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the tabulation of Bid No. 50.22 for four dump trucks
heretofore received and opened on August 22, 1950, was presented to the
Board for their consideration.

City Manager C.W. Shelley recommended the bid of Clark County Wholesale
being the low bid, be accepted.

Commissioner Moore moved the bid of Clark County Wholesale in the total
amount of $11,996.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Clifford Jones, representing Mrs. Pauline Cline Lewis
appeared before the Board regarding the rezoning of property owned by Mrs.

Lewis on East Charleston Boulevard between 14th and 15th Streets, more:
particularly described as a portion of the S½, SW¼, SW¼ of the SW¼ of
Section 35, T. 20 S., R 61 E.

After discussion was held on this matter, Commissioner Moore moved that
the proper notice of Public Hearing on the aforementioned property be given
and the date for this hearing be set for September 28, 1950 at the hour
of 3:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple, Peccole and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. O.W. Clark, owner of Clark's Inn, 1800 Fremont appeared before the
Board at this time regarding his request for zone variance in order that

he might establish a trailer court in addition to his motel on this property.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 50.23, for two 4-Door
Sedans and one business coupe, bids were opened from the following concerns:

A.C. Grant
Community Chevrolet

Hogan and Westlake and Down Motors of Las Vegas, Nevada advised the Board

they were not able to present bids	at this time due to the fact there is a shortage

of cars and they are unable to deliver at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Comptroller for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved the application of Sam Ingalls, Las Vegas Loan Co.,

126 South 1st Street for a pawnbrokers license from July 1 to December 31,

1950 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Com-
missioner Peccole.

At this time Commissioner Moore left the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted, and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas just recently completed the construction
of a Sewage Disposal Plant, and

WHEREAS, fourteen (14) second-feet of water wastes from the said Sewage
Disposal Plant, and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 76, Chapter 140, Statutes of Nevada 1913, the
City of Las Vegas has the right to apply for the use of such water, and
WHEREAS, it has been determined by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas that it is to the best interests of said city to apply for the
said water,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas that the Mayor and the City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized
to sign the application for permit.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
transmit the said application by mail to the Office of the State Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner Moore.

At this time Commissioner Moore returned to the meeting.

MINUTES

 

BID NO. 50.22
Dump Trucks
Awarded

PUBLIC HEARING
Pauline Cline Lewis
E. Charleston Blvd.



BID NO. 50.23
Automobiles



PAWNBROKERS LICENSE
L.V. Loan Co.
Denied



WATER PERMIT - To be
filed with State
Engineer