RADLlCK Park ESTATES	The tentative map of Radlick Park Estates was referred back to the Regional Planning Commission.

Tentative Map



CLARK COUNTY HUMANE SOCIETY Mr. K.O. Knudson, representing the Clark County Humane Society appeared before the Board at this time requesting that the Animal S helter be dedicated as a permanent institution and that

the Humane Society be allowed to collect dog license fees and retain the entire amount.

Commissioner Peccole moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney for recommendation as to
the legality of this request.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SELEX COFFEE SHOP
Beer License

BID NO. 52-12-Lamp
Contract

Mr. Irving Gelsin appeared before the Board at this time and requested that the Restaurant Beverage
license for the Selex Coffee Shop, 209 North Main be issued in his name.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be denied until Richard Borders comes back to town and
straightens the matter out.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Shelley recommended that the bid of Osborne and Kitchen for the furnishing of lamps
to the City be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved and Bid No. 52.12
be awarded to Osborne and Kitchen.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple voting aye; noes, None. Mayor Baker passed his vote.

CONCESSIONAIRE AGREEMENT

Commissioner Peccole moved the agreement for the concessions at the City Ball Park and Central
Swimming Pool be renewed with Mrs. Eleanor Badik.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:  Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LDS CHURCH-Drainage



Commissioners Jarrett and Whipple requested additional time before reporting on the request of the
LDS Church for drainage from their property on North 5th Street.

BUSINESS LICENSE	The request of the Silver State Building and Loan Association for reduction of the business license

Request for Reduction from $100.00 per quarter to a lower fee was presented at this time.

Commissioner Jarrett moved this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AUDITORIUM RENTAL	Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the Post Office to rent the Auditorium from December 7

to December 27, 1952 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

WESTLEIGH SUBDIVISION
Tract No. 1
Release of Bond

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-2
Release of Bond

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer, the performance
bond of Federal Development Company on Westleigh Subdivision, Tract No. 1 be realeased.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Jarrett moved that upon the recommendation of the City Engineer, the performance bond
of Wells Cargo Inc. on Assessment District No. 100-2 be released.

Motion seconded by Corn issicner Whipple and carried by the following vote Commissioners Bunker,
Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION accepting
deed

R/W on Charleston Blvd.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Peccole, and carried unanimously,
the following Resolution is adopted and order made.

#327 Resolution

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of September, 1952, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 23rd day of
July, 1952, executed by Carl L. and Mae L. Hyde to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposed and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, state
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

R/w on San Francisco

on motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried unanimously
the following Resolution is adopted and order made:

#328

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of September, 1952 by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 1st day of July, 1952,
executed by Stanley L. and Nola Hardy to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of nevada,
and filed in the records of this Board,

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses for the
third quarter of 1952 be approved: