Mr. Murray Golden appeared before the Board in regard to securing financial aid for the Eagles
Drum Corps in making a trip to the next national convention.

Mr. Golden was informed that that Board at the present time was not in position to donate to
this very worthy cause as the budget for the year 1940 had not been approved by the Board of Clark
County Commissioners at this time.

Bids for the purchase of engineering sup lies for the City of Las Vegas were opened at this
time and on motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write each bidder and inform him that no action toward the purchase of said supplies
would be made until at least the 16th day of April, 1940 and that each bidder may withdraw his bid
at any time.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Ronnow ask that the bid prices be spread on the minutes at this time which are as follows:

Office Equipment Co
Albright's Bus. Machines

Grimes Stassforth Co.

The A Lietz Co

Eugene Dietzgen Co
Charles Bruning Co

At this time the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS IT has been brought to the attention of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that Mr. Harold J Stocker as County Commissioner, District No.

1, Clark County, Nevada, has addressed a letter under date February 26, 1940, to Hon. Harold L.
Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, Washington, D.C. calling attention to the fact that for the past
thirty years the domestic water supply for culinary purposes for the district, has been and now is
obtained from an irrigation ditch which tranverses about twenty one miles of the Moapa Valley,

Clark County, Nevada, originating at Warm Springs at the head of the valley and flowing eastward
until it reaches Lake Mead, and from which open ditch the communities of the Indian Reservation,
Moapa. Glendale, Logandle, Overton and Nepac, have their only supply of water for said purposes, and

WHEREAS the said letter of said Harold J. Stocker seeks to enlist the support of the Interior
Department of the United States for the construction of a pipe line to covey said water to said
communities, and thereby eliminate danger of contamination to said water, and

WHEREAS the merchants and tradespeople of the City of Las Vegas transact considerable busin-
ess with the people of said communities, and

WHEREAS the said City of Las Vegas is vitally interested in the health and welfare of the
people of southern Nevada, and

WHEREAS the members of the Board of Commissioners of said city of Las Vegas believe that the
said open ditch which flows through barn-yards, corrals, chicken runs, and the like, is not as
beneficial to the health of said communities as would be said pipe line, as a means of conveying
water to said communities,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, that the City of Las V gas does hereby endorse and approve the action of the said
Harold J. Stocker in writing said letter and does hereby join with him in requesting that Inter-
ior Department Of the United States to finance, a project, with Arid Lands Funds, or otherwise, for
the construction of said pipe line, said cost to be repaid over a period of forty years, by the
users of water in the water district to be thus benefited.

Commissioner C.V.T.Gilbert proposed and moved the adoption of the above and foregoing Resolution
and the same was seconded by Commissioner Herb Krause, and upon being put to vote the same was duly
adopted by the following vote:

Voting aye Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor. Voting
no: none.

The Clerk was instructed to forward a certified copy of the above Resolution to Harold L. Ickes
and also forward a copy to County Commissioner Harold Stocker.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and carried
that Water Sewer Light Commissioner Mr. Krause install strings of ornamental lights across Fremont
Street Main to Fifth Street and that the same be allowed the sum of $50.00 covering cost of the
lights. Reason for installing these lights at this time being that a number of visitors were ex-
pected in the City in the near future to attend various meeting and conventions slated for the
spring months, and that the installation of these lights added a festive air to the City.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Clerk order flowers, not costing more than $15.00 to be send to the new Union Pacific Depot
upon its dedication Saturday the 9th day of March, 1940.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Mayor and Board of Commissioners and all elective officers meet for the purpose of having a
group picture taken, same to be placed in the sealed vault of the new U.P. depot.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Corradetti voting no.

At this time Mayor Russell discharged the committee composed of Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert
and Corradetti, and thanked them for their co-operation and work in regard to the City taking over
the purchase of the War Memorial Building.