R/W DEED

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

POLICE DEPARTMENT—
Motorcycles Purchased

BONANZA ROAD WIDENING

& EXTENSION -----

Condemnation of Property

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and the Mayor and
City Clerk are authorized to sign said bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

On motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner
Bates and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

Resolution

BE IT RESOLVED this 7th day of December, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
4th day of December, 1946 executed by Earl A. Honrath and Sonja E. Honrath, his wife,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purpose and intentions as therein
set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said
deed and same be recorded in the office of County Recorder, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

On Motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner
Bates and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

R E SOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 7th day of December, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
4th day of December, 1946 executed by Richard H. Clough and Edith Clough, his wife,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as 

therein set forth, and  

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said
deed and the same be recorded in the office of County Recorder, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be instructed
to purchase two motorcycles and trade in two old ones at a net
cost of $650.00 and that requirements for securing competitive
bids be waived.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

 voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

On Motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Bates and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1946 by the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
laying out and construction of Bonanza Road by the most direct route between
North Main Street and Fifth Street in the City of Las Vegas, is a public use;
that the necessity to condemn lands therefor exists; and that is is necessary
to acquire by condemnation the following described property for said purpose:

PARCEL 1. All that certain lot, piece or parcel of land lying and being
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and being a portion
of Lot 10 of Block 1 of the Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the northeast corner of Lot 10 of Block 1 of said Biltmore
Addition, said point of beginning being further described as being 27.72
feet right of and radially at right angles to Highway Engineer’s Station
"o" 87.61 P.O.C.; thence S.27°53'06"W along the easterly boundary of said
Lot 10 a distance of 12.61 feet to a point on the new proposed southerly
highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which bears N.64°54’29”

W. curving to the left along said right of way line with a radius of
875.30 feet through an angle of 3°51’36” a distance of 58.97 feet to a
point on the northerly boundary of said Lot 10; thence from a tangent
which bears S.77°53'll" E. curving to the left along said boundary line
with a radius of 327.99 feet through an angle of 4°12'43" a distance