Those voting "Aye":          Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Those voting "Nay”: None

Absent:	Commissioner Moore

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed
upon its final passage.

Commissioner Peccole then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted
as read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Bunker seconded the
motion. The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance,
the roll was called with the following results

Those voting "Aye":            Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Peccole
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Cragin

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Commissioner Moore

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted
in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed
and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

There being no further business to come before the meeting Commissioner Peccole
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Moore.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



***** *

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 18, 1951

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held April 18, 1951, was called to order at the hour of 3:35 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners
Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple; City Manager C. W. Shelley, City Attorney
Howard W. Canon and City Clerk Shirley Ballinger.

MINUTES	Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of April 11 and 12, 1951 he approved

	by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
none none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1194 to 1196 inclusive

in the net amount of $26,034.50 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 2080 to

WARRANTS	2087 inclusive in the total amount of $78,975.87 be approved and the Mayor

	and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS          Commissioner Peccole moved the following applications for renewal of gaming
Renewals	licenses for the second Quarter of 1951 be approved.

GOLDEN NUGGET, INC.	By:	Nelson Conway	129	Fremont	          1	Hazard

OVERLAND ARCADE	Sid Martin	4	Fremont	4 slots

TASTY PASTRY	Ted Michelas	413	Fremont	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CIGARETTE LICENSE	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the

APPLICATIONS	retail sale of Cigarettes and Tobacco Products be approved:

Western Liquor Store	1433 South Main	Western Cigar

Famous Sandwich Shop	222 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

Union Hall	1020 South Main	Sutton	Vending

Clover Club	128 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

Baily's Chevron Station	Main & Charleston	Sutton	Vending

86 Club (AA)	South Main	Sutton	Vending