On Motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to write Mr. W.R. Smith, and ask that immediate steps be taken by
him to eliminate the waste of water caused from overflow of ditches carring water from the City
well to his ranch on the Tonopah Highway. Mr. Smith having previously been granted use of the
runoff from the City well or irrigation purposes

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 6th day of June, 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 6th, 1938.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 6th ay of June, 1938 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. on said day.

Present Commissioners Krause and Ronnow, Mayor Marble City Attorney and Clerk. Also present
and participating in the business of the meeting was the newly appointed Commissioner Luce who
this day qualified this day by presenting his bond duly signed by the Chairman of the Board of
County Commissioners, Kenneth Earl, and his Official Oath of office.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be instructed to wire Theodore Roosevelt, Chairman of the National Bowl of Rice
Committee, that owing to the press of City business and the short notice given that the City
of Las Vegas would be unable to participate in this very worthy movement.

Vote Commissioners Krause, Luce and Ronnow and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Luce seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that A.E. Cahlan be appointed to succeed J.P. King as a member of the City Planning Commission.

Mr. Kings term expiring May 25th, 1938. Mr. Cahlan's term of office expiring May 25th, 1942. Mr.
Grant was appointed to succeed him self as a member of the Commission and his term of office to
expire May 25th, 1942.

Vote Commissioners Krause and Ronnow and Luce and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Ronnow informed the Board at this time that Mr. George Wood of Pasadena, Cal-
ifornia had arrived and was this date commencing the audiot of the books of all departments of
the City of Las Vegas commencing with the 1st day of Janary, 1935. That the length of the audit
would Me approximately ten days.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the following letter be placed on the minutes of this meeting:

FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE

301 Continental Bank Building
Salt Lake City. Utah.

May 31, 1938

Mr. H.P. Marble,

Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

When former Special Agent in Charge Val C. Zimmer of this office conferred with you
earlier this month, he advised that he would secure certain information from this Bureau at
Washington concerning the number of fingerprints submitted by the Las Vegas Police Department
over the past six or seven years.

I am listing hereinafter the criminal fingerprints received and retained from the Police
Department of your city during the designated periods:-

Fiscal Year	Number

1930	29

1931	615

1932	145

1933	39

1934	80

1935	25

1936	400

1937	1,397

1938	(July 1, 1937 through

April 30, 1938)	1.752

Total	4,482

You will note that the above years are fiscal rather than calendar years, and that during
the past two years the number of criminal fingerprints received by the Bureau from your Police
Department have increased tremendously.

I presume you are also acquainted with the fact that your Chief of Police David Mackey, has
submitted numerous civil fingerprints to this Bureau also.

Trusting this information well be of some interest to you, I am,

Very Truly Yours
Jay C. Newman
Special Agent in Charge.