ALARY SURVEY

SOUTRHIDGE SUBDIVISION
Release of Bonds

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

"A" STREET RIGHT OF
WAY

Condemnation

Motion seconded By Commissioner Jarrett and carried By the following votesGonuniss

Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Assistant City Manager be authorized to make a salary
survey for the 1963 budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioner
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

Commissioner Whipple moved the performance bonds posted by Howard and Hassett on South-
ridge Subdivision Tract Nos. 1,2,3,4, and 5 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple, Jarrett and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

The Board instructed the City Attorney to prepare an ordinance in compliance with the
recommendations of the Building Inspector and the Assistant City Manager relative to
signs, fences and incinerators.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas had attempted for some considerable period of time
to secure without cost to the City, the necessary area to open "A" Street to the South,
and

WHEREAS, on January 16, 1952, the City Attorney was authorized to commence proceedings
to condemn the necessary area if the necessary right-of-way could not be secured, and

WHEREAS, it appears that the necessary right-of-way cannot be secured without con-
demnation proceedings, and

WHEREAS, the City Attorney has prepared the necessary complaints to bring such action
of condemnation, and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners declares, ratified, and affirms its deter-
mination to acquire the necessary land to open said street,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, this 24th day of September, 1952, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that said Board ratified, affirms and
declares, and does hereby ratify, affirm and rededlare

its desire to open up "A" Street from Philadelphia Street to Boston Street within the
limits of the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Board, affirms, redelcares and ratifies its
determination to acquire the necessary land from any and all persons who may be interested
in said land; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas be authorized to sign
the complaints to effect such condemnation proceedings as may be necessary.

C.D. BaKeR
MAYOR

ATTEST

Shirley Ballinger
CITY CLERK

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:Commissioner
Peccole.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner
Peccole.