Las Vegas, Nevada

February 1, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 1st day of February, 1956, was called to
order at the hour of 7.45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

This being the time set for Raymond Salmon to appear before the Com-
mission to show cause why his tavern license for the Bonanza Bar, 4l8
W. Bonanza should not be revoked, Mr. Salmon and his attorney Harry'

Claiborne were present.

Mr. Claiborne stated that Mr. Salmon had been requested to appear be-
fore the Commission on January 18, 1956 to show cause why his license
should not be revoked for reported sale of liquor to minors, but that
this case was dismissed in Municipal Court on January 17, 1956 and the
bartender completely exonerated. Mr. Claiborne further stated that
Mr. Salmon was unable to appear before the Commission on January l8th
since he was under arrest for alleged possession of stolen liquor and
that this matter comes up for preliminary hearing in the Justice Court
on February 6, 1956. He advised the Commission that Mr. Salmon's busi-
ness had been closed on January 20th and requested that Mr. Salmon be
allowed to open his bar.

The Commission decided to hold this matter in abeyance until a later
point in the evening so that discussion can be held with the City At-
torney.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 56.2 for seed and ferti-
lizer for the Golf Course, Park and Cemetery, bids were received from
the following firms:

Clark County Wholesale
Desert Nursery
Garden Center

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and Mayor

Baker voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.3 for two street
sweepers, bids were received from the following firms:

C.D. Roeder Equipment Company
Clark County Wholesale
Cashman

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.4 for two motor
graders, bids were received from the following firms:

Clark County Wholesale

C.D. Roeder Equipment Company

Cashman

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the adoption of the following resolution authorizing
the preparation of plans and specifications for the installation of sewers in
Bonanza pillage, known as Assessment District No. 200-13:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has heretofore taken certain action toward
the installation of a sanitary sewer system in the Bonanza Village Tract of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the plans and specifications heretofore filed for the installa-
tion and construction of said sanitary sewer system have contemplated the in-
stallation of said system in certain streets in said Bonanza Village Tract; and

BONANZA BAR
Liquor License

BID NO. 56.2
Seed & Fertilizer



BID NO. 56.3
Street Sweepers

BID NO. 56.4
Motor Graders

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-13