is hereby instructed and ordered to issue certificates of election to those candidates receiving the

highest number of votes for there respective offices and that the official returns of said election

be placed on file for record in the office of the Clerk of this Board, the vote being as follows towit

Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time the newly elected Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada having

filed there official bond and the same having been approved by the Chairman of the Board of County

Commissioners of the County of Clark, State of Nevada as by law provided, The Hon. Mayor Peter Buol

then proceeded to administrated the oath of office to the newly elected Mayor W.E. Hawkins, an d

Commissioners John B. Curtiss, E.W. Griffith, Edward E. Smith, and P.J. Sullivan. they and each one

of them having qualified as by law provided then proceeded to organize, His Honor the Mayor 



W.E. Hawkins then called the Board to ordered all members being present the Board then proceeded
with the first business of the day, Whereby upon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by
Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered that all appointive officers of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
be declared vacant, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, Smith and
P.J. Sullivan voting aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting , aye,. Noes None.

The First business before the Board was the appointment of a City ClerK, whereby upon motion
of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioners Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that
Harley A. Harmon be and is hereby appointed to the office of City Clerk in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada at a salary of $40.00 per month and that he make and file a bond in the sum of $2500.00
dollars and his oath of office to be approved by this Board. the vote being cast as follows towit:- 
Commissioner Curtiss , aye, Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, and P.J. Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Noes, none.

Harley A. Harmon the newly appointed and elected City ClerK in and for the City of Las Vegas

Nevada having filed his official bond and oath of office in the sum of $2500.00 dollars with Chas.

Co. Corkhill and Chas. P. Squires as Surities on the same said bond being approved by the Board Mayor

W.E. Hawkins then administrated the official oath of office where upon Harley A. Harmon then tooK

up his duties as City ClerK and ClerK of the Board of City Commissioners.

The next matter to come before the Board was the appointment by the Mayor of the various Comm-



ssioners to there various departments. as follows towit:- Edward E. Smith was appointed to the

office of Police and Fire Commissioner, P.J. Sullivan was appointed to office of Sewer, Water
and Light Commissioner, E.W. Griffith was appointed to the office of Street and public property
Commissioner,  John B. Curtiss was then appointed to the office of Finance and Revenue commissioner.

The question of electing a Mayor protem coming on before the Board it was upon motion of comm-
issioner Sullivan and seconded by commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that Edward E. Smith
be and is hereby elected to the office of Mayor protem, the vote being case as follows towit:- 

Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, P.J. Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Noes None.

The question of appointing a City Attorney in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on

before the Board it was upon motion of Sullivan and seconded by Griffith ordered and duly carried

that Frank A. Stevens be and is hereby appointed to the office of City Attorney at a salary of

$50.00 per month upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of one thousand dollars.



the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, smith, Sullivan and his honor the Mayor 

W.E. Hawkins voting, aye, noes None.

The question of appointing a judge for the Municipal Court coming on before the Board it was



upon motion of Griffith and seconded by Smith and duly carried ordered that G.A. Case be appointed to the
office of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a salary of $35.00 per month
upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One thousand dollars and taking his oath
of Office, the vote being as follows towit:- Curtiss, Griffith, smith and Sullivan City Commissioners
and his honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes none.

At this time Police and Fire Commissioner Edward E. Smith notified the Board that he had app-
ointed.