Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 14th, 1916.

At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, called by the Mayor of said City, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , with Commissioners Elwell,

Ball, Hicks, Matzdorf and the City Clerk and City Attorney. At this time the Clerk read before the Board the
Call as issued in full as follows towit:—

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk	Las Vegas, Nevada, April 12th, 1916.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

You are hereby notified that I have called a special meeting of the Board of City Comm-
issioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 14th day of
April at seven thirty o'clock P.M. of said day for the purpose of taking up the water question for
the Cemetery of said City.

And you are hereby notified to give notice to each member of said Board of the time and
place and object of said meeting.

Dated this 12th day of April 1916.	W.E. Hawkins. Mayor of said City.

Thereupon the Clerk read the call as sent by him to each of the for said member of said Board
as follows towit:—

To F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell	Las Vegas, Nevada, April 12th, 1916.

O.D. Hicks, and C.P. Ball City

Commissioners City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:—

This is to notify you that there will be a special meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to be held on the 14th day of April at seven o'clock
and thirty minutes P.M. of said day ,at the office of the City Clerk of said City, as per an order
and call issued by the Mayor of said City for the purpose of taking up the water question for the
Cemetery in mid City.

Your are earnestly requested to be present on said date and hour as this is a matter
of great importance to said Cemetery.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City or Las Vegas
this 12th day of April A.D. 1916.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

All members of the Board being present and members of the Cemetery Committee, the Board then
proceeded to take up the question of water for the Cemetery as per call as issued by the Mayor of said
City whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and all members of the Cemetery
that it would be advisable to try and sink for water on the Cemetery ground it was after due consideration 

upon the part of the Board ordered that the Mayor and Clerk of this Board be and they are hereby
authorized to advertise upon behalf of the Board for bids for the purpose of drilling a well upon
said Cemetery ground, said notice to recite the fact that the City will furnish pipe and cement for
said well and that said bids are to recite what the driller will sink a 200 foot well with the cost
per foot up to and including the 600 foot depth said bids to be sealed bids and in the hands of the
City Clerk not latter than 7:30 O'clock P.M. of the evening of April 21st with the Board will meet
to open and receive bids for the sinking of said well, and further that the Board reserves the right
to reject any all bids that may be filed, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:—
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

At this time upon motion of Commissioners Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball it was ordered
that this Board stand adjourned until April 21st, A.D. 1916. at 7:30 o'clock P.M. of said day for the
purpose of opening bids for the sin king of a well on the Cemetery ground of said City, the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and Matzdorf

aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Harkins voting ave.