OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF TEE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

JULY 9th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, held on the 9th day of July 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners, Smith, Hansell, Thomas,
and German, also the Attorney for the City, Engineer for the City, and Clerk.

Minutes of the meetings of July 3rd, July 4th, and July 5th read, and approved

as read.

The appointing of Electrical Inspector then came before the Board. Count of the
ballot cast showed Lloyd Payne 4 E. Roland Brauch 1.

There upon Commissioners Thomas made a motion that Lloyd Payne be appointed Elect-
rical Inspector, seconded by Commissioner Hansell.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith, and German, and His Hon-
or the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting aye. Noes None.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by construct-
ing, erecting, and installing an ornamental street lighting system on certain streets, and
portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements
providing that the cost, and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assess-
ment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established,
according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain
portions thereof are required to be paid from the general fund of the said City of Las
Vegas, and other matters relating thereto: was read for a second time, and passed
this 9th day of July 1929, and ordered published for one week (six issues) in the Las
Vegas Review, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas and His

Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.



The Clerk was ordered to draw a warrant to cover the cost of the paving of
First street in front of the lot owned by the City.

Mr. Miller of the Marbelite Co; and Mr. Pendelton of the Union Metal Mfg. Co;
were present, and spoke to the Board about their respective ornamental lights. Mr. Ferron,

of the City Planing Committee also reported to the Board his investigation of ornamental
light while in Southern Calif.

Mr. King's report of his inspection of the newly paved district was filed with
the Clerk of the Board.

After due consideration the Clerk was directed to draw a warrant for $955.96
the final payment due Mr. A. P. Slocum as per his contract as engineer for the City.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thurs. July 11th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.