Mr. George Banian was the last protestant to speak before the Commission. Mr. Boman
indicated that while he did not own property on Main Street or 5th Street, he works
on South Main, and he cannot see where the change of the name of the street will
be of any benefit. He stated that it would add, in his opinion, to the confusion
of street addresses.

Mr. A.L. Childs and Mr. Henry Bridgeman again spoke on behalf of the proposed
change.

Mayor Pro Tem asked if there was anyone else who wished to be heard on this 
matter, if not he would entertain a motion, since there were other items on the
agenda to be taken care of by the Commission.

Commissioner Fountain stated that he felt that this is a serious issue, and since
there was not a full Board he moved that the proposed change of the name of Fifth
and Main Streets be taken under advisement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

LOUISIANA CLUB -	At this time Mr. Ralph Denton, attorney, and Mr. Z. Louie of the Louisiana Club,

Poker Table Operation	1322 North F Street, were present to discuss the operation of the poker games at

this Club.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple advised Mr. Louie and his attorney that the Commission has
received reports from the Police Department that on several occasions Mr. Louie
has been advised of violations occurring and has received instructions from the
Police Department which have not been followed. His Honor stated that the 
Commission wanted to know why Mr. Louis has not followed the instructions given him.

Police Chief Sheffer advised the Commission that an investigation of this Club
has disclosed that on June 20, 1958 a George Duncan was operating the Poker game
on a 50-50 basis. Chief Sheffer stated that Mr. Louie was advised that this was
in violation of the State and City gambling regulations and requested to stop
operation. The Chief further reported that the next day when the Club was checked,
it was found that a Mr. Williams was operating the Poker game under the same 
conditions.

Mr. Louie advised the Commission that he did not understand at the time that this
was a violation, but he did understand the regulations now and would not permit
the recurrance of this incident.

The Commission advised Mr. Louie to thoroughly familiarize himself with the 
regulations concerning the operation of a gaming casino and not permit any future
violations.

USE PERMIT (U-13-58)	The Commission considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment on

City of Las Vegas	its application for a Use Permit to lease property, formerly the Huntridge Fire

Huntridge Fire Station Station, for the construction and operation of an emergency hospital at 1020 East
Site	Charleston Boulevard (Lots 1-2, Block 2, Huntridge No. 2); (Lot 2, Block 2, 

Approved	Huntridge No. 1) in a C-1 zone, said property proposed to be leased to Dr. Ross

Sutherland for construction and operation of a private emergency hospital.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Zoning 
Adjustment had recommended approval of this application, subject to the following 
conditions :

1.	Conformance by the proposed lessee of this property to the plot plan
presented.

2.	Installation of asphaltic concrete surfacing on all parking areas.

Mr. Bills stated that there was one letter of protest received from the Huntridge
Development Company.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any protests to this application for Use
Permit. None were voiced or filed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for use permit be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 2nd day of July, 1958, having considered the 
application of the City of Las Vegas for a Use Permit to lease property, formerly a
fire station, for the construction and operation of an emergency hospital at 1020
East Charleston (Lots 1-2, Block 2, Huntridge No. 2; and Lot 2, Block 1 Huntridge No. 1),
in a C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment
approving this application subject to the following conditions: 1) Conformance

by the proposed lessee of this property to the plot plan presented; and 2) 
Installation of asphaltic concrete surfacing on all parking areas.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the City
of Las Vegas for Use Permit, be approved, subject to the conditions hereinabove
set forth.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

7-2-58