NOTICE AND PROOF	At this time City Attorney Howard Cannon requested authorization to sign notice

OF LOSS	and proof of loss on fire damage to Police Car No. 104. This fire loss occurred

Police Car No. 104	August 29, 1955 in the amount of $20.20.



Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney's request for authorization to sign
notice and proof of loss on fire damage to Police Car No. 104 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	City Attorney Howard Cannon presented a resolution on the creation of Assessment

No. 200-13	District No. 200-13 for sewer improvement for Bonanza Village.

Bonanza Village

Improvement	Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be instructed to prepare the necessary

Sewers	plans and specifications for the installation of sewers in this area to be known

as Assessment District No. 200-13 and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has
been and still is without adequate sewers and sewerage facilities; and

WHEREAS, a petition dated January 24, 1955 requesting the installation
of a sanitary sewer system in the Bonanza Village Tract to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is desirous
that the citizens of the above described area have the advantages of a sanitary
sewer system; and

WHEREAS, it appears that a sanitary sewer system can be installed in
and along the streets and alleys, or portions of streets and alleys.

AND, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of September, 1955;
that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the
City Clerk plats, diagrams, plans of the work and locality to be improved, together
with the estimates of cost for the installation of a sanitary sewer system in the
following area hereinafter described, to wit:

A certain parcel of land, lying and being situate in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the
Northwest (¼) of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.

B.&M., and being more particularly described as follows, to wit:

All of the Bonanza Village Tract as shown by map thereof on file
in Book 2 of Plats, Page 69, in the Office of the County Recorder,

Clark County, Nevada being bound by the center lines of Harrison
Avenue to the North, Highland Avenue, also known as Sunny Place,
to the East, Washington Avenue to the South and Tonopah Drive to
the West. Save and except those parcels or lots in the aforementioned
Subdivision now being served by sewers.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

FINAL MAP	At this time the Board considered the final map of Glen Heather Subdivision No. 2.

Glen Heather	The agreement and bond had been received and checked by the City Attorney and the

Subdivision No. 2	required letter from the utility companies received. This map was referred back to

the developer because of the paving on Rancho Drive.

It was recommended by Mr. Franklin Bills that the agreement be confined to Unit No. 2
since C-C zoning was granted on the intersection of San Francisco and Rancho Drive,
with off-site improvements to be installed; Unit No. 3 has not been subdivided and no
right-of-way dedicated. They will put in base gravel and the City will pave the other
10 feet.

No action was taken on this matter at this time.

QUITCLAIM DEED	Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be authorized to secure a quitclaim

25TH STREET	deed from Richard and Violet Swartz for 25th Street, and to give the $2,000 to Mr.

Richard and Violet	and Mrs. Swartz when the deed is presented.

Swartz

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSE MOVING	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Norman Jones to move a small struc-

Norman Jones	ture from the 300 block of West Bonanza to the rear of 808 West Bonanza be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; Mayor Baker not voting.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS 	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for licenses for the retail
	sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

EL CORTEZ HOTEL	600 Fremont	Sutton Vending

EL TORRO CAFE	504 Jackson	Sutton Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

9-21-55