WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assess
ment to be published as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting held on the 4th day of January, 1956,
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is
hereby is directed to publish notice of the time and place when and where the
Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to con-
sider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be
published once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be
in substantially the form attached to this Resolution and made a part thereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 4th day of January, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION - Lien	Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution concerning the filing of a lien

Clifton Ream	on the Clifton Ream property be adopted"

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas pursuant to the Charter of said City and
a Judgment of the Eighth Judicial Court (District) of the State of Nevada, In
and For the County of Clark in Case No. 66542, Department No. 2, entitled:

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a Municipal Corporation, Plaintiff, vs. Clifton Ream
and Mary M. Ream, Defendants, abated a nuisance on the premises hereinafter de-
scribed: and

WHEREAS, a verified statement of the work done, and all expenses and costs
incurred in the abatement of said nuisance has been filed with the City Clerk; and

WHEREAS, such costs and expenses were proper and should be charged against
the above mentioned persons and against the hereinafter described premises,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof, held the 4th day of January, 1956,
as follows:

1.	That said verified statement of the costs and expenses of abating
said nuisance in the amount of $462.43 be and the same hereby is
determined to be proper.

2.	Th&t the name of the persons chargeable with said costs are Clifton
Ream and Mary M. Ream.

3.	That the legal description of the premises to be assessed is:

Lots 12 and 13, Block 1, Amended Plat of Highland Park Tract as
shown in Book 2 of Plats, Page 14, official records of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada.

4.	That the City Clerk be, and she hereby is directed to transfer a
certified copy of this Resolution, with said statement attached,
to the County Assessor, Ex-officio City Assessor, for assessment,
and the said County Assessor, Ex-officio City Assessor, shall
make an assessment roll, and levy a special assessment upon the
said premises and against the persons chargeable therewith in the
manner (same) as is provided by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas for the collection of special assessments.

DATED:	January 4, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWAGE DISPOSAL	City Attorney Cannon reported t&at the U.S. Government had received a judgment

PLANT	against the City in the amount of $29,500.00 for final payment on the sewage

Government Judgment	disposal plant. He requested advice whether or not the City wished to appeal

	this case.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment of the judgment to the United States
Government, plus interest required be authorized on the condition that a deed
to the property be delivered to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.