Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the	Las	Vegas	Land & Water Company be paid	$252.02

for installation of 7 fire hydrants in	the	 H. F.	& M. Addition and the sum of	$43.34 for

repairing fire hydrants. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the sum of $20.64 be transferred from the general fund
to petty cash. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,	Tinch and	His Honor voting aye. Noes,	none.

Commissioner Smith stated that he	has	carried out the Order of the Mayor	in supervising

the installation and hauling from the freight house of the furniture for the new city hall.



Mr. Petrie and Mr. Fleming appeared before the Commission regarding some proposed changes
in the west wing of the War Memorial Hall.



Commissioner Clark moved that said proposed alterations to the west wing be made an a cost plus basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch voting aye. Passed: Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Clark moved that $275.47 be allowed to take care of all lighting in the
new addition of the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A. W. Blackman was instructed to obtain priority for cable for removal of transformer
from the basement of the Memorial Building to the new wing.

Commissioner Clark moved that T. C. Walsh be raised from $154.00 to $170 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be authorized to bid $7,000
for the state barns and land. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that he be allowed to purchase 300 tons of black top
at $1.90 per ton from Wallace & Wallace as per a former agreement. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that he be allowed to give	the Best	Paving	Construction

Company permission to open up the city owned gravel pit	and	purchase	gravel	at 50¢ per

yard. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The clerk was instructed to write to Dr. Newman to	the	effect that any	improvements

on the building now occupied by the Clark County Health	Center would	not be	furnished by

the city. Further that the city would not be responsible for janitor services.

Commissioner Clark moved that a grader be purchased for $4500 delivered here, provided,
it meet with the approval of the city and that the street superintendent make a trip to
Tucson, Arizona for inspection. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Rubidoux be instructed to collect the amount
due on sidewalks that he has laid as provided for by ordinance and turn same over to the
city clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that request be made upon the Governor of the State of Nevada
to commission LeRoy Whipple as a notary public. That the city bear the expense of securing
said commission. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of $24.80 for 3 fixtures for the clerk's quarters
and the foyer on the east wing, signed by A. L. Drew be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch,
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Mayor appointed the following persons on the Planning Board. Mrs. C. C. Dimock
for 1 yr. A. C. Grant, 2 years; A. H. Harrington; 3 yrs; R. B. Griffith 4 yrs; A. E. Cahlan 5 yrs; and T. C.

Campbell 6 yrs. The Mayor, City engineer and Clerk being ex-officio members as set up by
ordinance.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until May 4th, 1942 at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Com-
missioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting ave. Noes. none.