The Clerk then presented te the Beard the Following communication with Map attached from Perry and



Clark of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. " To the Hon. Beard of City Commissioners of the City of
Las egas, Nevada. Gentlemen; We the undersigned have drilled a Water well an let No. 24 in block
8 in the original Townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada, and have a small flow of Artesian Water suitable for
Domestic Purposes and are desires and ready te distribute the same to the inhabitants of said Town-
site by means of pipe lines laid in the streets and alleys of said Townsite.

Therefore your petitioners pray your Honorable Body to grant us permission te lay a 3" water main
from said well running west along the alley in blocks 9 and 10 to a point 20 feet west of the East
line of 5th, street: Thence running south in said 5th, street to a point 20 feet North of the South
line of Wilson Avenue; Thence running east in said Wilson Avenue te its intersection with the alley
in block Number 2 of said townsite; Also a 1" Pipe line on 3rd, street from its intersection with
the said pipe line in Wilson Avenue North to its intersection with the Alley in block 13; thence
running easterly along said alley te its intersection with the alley in said block 13 that runs north
and south; Thence along said alley te its intersection with Gass avenue. Also on 7th. street
commencing at said well running south in said 7th street to its intersection with the alley in block
No. 7, Thence running west along said alley te the west limits of said townsite, also in the alley
in block 7 which runs North and south from its intersection with the alley that runs east and west
in block 7 to its intersection with Wilson Avenue. Subject to rules and regulations and Ordinances
of the City of Las egas Governing the laying of water mains and excavations, and your petitioners
will ever pray.	Signed Perry and Clark.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was then motion of Commissioner
Farnsworth and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, and duly carried it was ordered that said permit
be and the same is hereby granted te the said Perry and Clark. the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

It was at this time upon motionbeing duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until Thursday March 8th, A.D. 1917. at ten o'clock A.M. of said day.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

March 8th, 1917.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held pursuant te adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. With Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, Elwell, and Ball with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

At this time there appeared before the Board of City Commissioners a Committee from the
Mesquite Club of said City requesting the Board to set a day aside te be known as clean up day and
also for the purpose of interesting the Citizens of said City in the planting of garden truck in
there yards and upon the vacant lots of said City, Whereupon after due consideration upon the part
of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the question of planting
garden truck be left te the Committee of the Mesquite Club, and it was further ordered that the Mayor
of said City Be and is hereby directed te set March the 31st day 1917. as clean up day in said City
and to issue a proclamation to that effect.

At this time the Committee from the cemetery Board appeared before the Board relative te
the general conditions of said Cemetery such as the care of the grounds and the making and improving
of the drive ways in said Cemetery.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing of the Complaint against H.E. Squires
as filed by night policeman F