WHEREAS, these charity drives have all been conducted by worthy groups; and

WHEREAS, the requests to the City have become so numerous that there is hardly
a week goes by that Fremont Street does not have some drive going on with the 
accompanying request that the use of the sidewalk be permitted to assist in the 
collection of donations; and

WHEREAS, the objection to the use of the street is to the sale of tickets
on the public sidewalk, and the use of loudspeakers to attract the attention of
the passerby, and not to the display of the automobile or other valuable prize as
long as not accompanied by ticket sales on the sidewalk and the use of speaking
devices to attract attention; and

WHEREAS, the streets and sidewalks of the City are held in trust for the
use of all the public; and

WHEREAS, the only remedy is to prohibit the use of Fremont Street for the
purpose of conducting ticket sales or the request for donations when accompanied
with the use of the sidewalk to make such sales and when attention is called to
such matters by the use of loud speaking devices; and

WHEREAS, this prohibition should go into effect immediately as far as new
requests are concerned, and in all cases after the conclusion of the present drive
by the City of Hope which ends July 31, 1958;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 18th day of June, 1958, that
the City Manager be and he is hereby directed to refuse requests for the use of
Fremont Street in the downtown area for the purpose of displaying automobiles and
other valuable prizes to be given away when such requests are accompanied with 
request to conduct ticket sales on the sidewalk and when accompanied by the use of
a loudspeaker or other device to attract attention.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this prohibition of the use of said street need
not hot necessarily apply when the request is made solely for the purpose of showing
a prize and when not accompanied by the sale of tickets on the sidewalk or the use
of devices to attract attention, and the City Manager shall use his discretion in
such cases.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution take effect immediately as far
	as new requests are concerned and in all cases after the conclusion of the present

drive of the City of Hope which ends July 31, 1958.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 18th day of June, 1958.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

At the hour of 8:10 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 8:30
P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

RECODIFICATION OF	Commissioner Bunker moved that the City enter into a contract with Sterling 

ORDINANCES	Codifiers for the revision and publication of the Las Vegas City Code, and the Mayor

Contract Approved	Pro Tem in the absence of the Mayor and the Clerk be authorized to sign a 

contract in a form approved by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting ay; noes, none. Absent: 
Commissioner Whipple.

REDUCTION OF LICENSE 	At this time City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Mr. Robert Lee Taylor,

Juke Box operator	owner of Music Systems Inc. for reduction of City license fees on coin operated

juke boxes. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Mr. Taylor has recently 
Music Systems, Inc.	purchased the Ted Patton Music Company and at the time Mr. Taylor applied for 

transfer of this license it was determined that Mr. Patton's company was improperly
classified under the section of the Code which applies to the operation that has
one central location and speakers in the outside locations. Mr. Kennedy explained
that the central music location type of business should pay $20.00 semi-annually
for the first location, and $10.00 semi-annually for each additional location;
while the semi-annual license fee for each juke box is $20.00. He advised the
Board that since Mr. Taylor has approximately 69 juke boxes if he is properly
classified, it will cost him an additional $700.00 semi-annually.

Mr. Herb Jones, representing Mr. Taylor appeared at this time to request that
the Commission consider the reduction of this fee. He advised the Commission that
the average annual license fee in other states for this type of business is $15.00
per machine; in Reno it is $26.00 per annum, as compared to the Las Vegas annual
license fee of $40.00 per machine.

The Commission requested Mr. Jones and Mr. Taylor to make an appointment with City
Manager Kennedy to discuss this matter to see if a solution can be worked out.

OFF-SITE IMPROVEMENTS	City Manager Kennedy presented an agreement with M.J., Carl, Verm, Paul and Don

Lacy Lane	Christensen relative to the construction of off-site improvements adjacent to 700,

706,710,714 and 716 Lacy Lane. Mr. Kennedy explained that these people agree to
enter into an assessment district to construct all off-site improvements, or to
construct said improvements within two years from the date of the agreement; and
requested authorization for the Mayor to sign this agreement.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the agreement with M.J., Christensen et al relative to the offsite 
improvements on Lacy Lane.

6-18-58