USE PERM IT -

Christ Episcopal Church Permit
U-31-54

Approved

USE PERMIT -
Dr. R. P. O'Donnell
U-29-54
Approved

USE PERMIT -
R. W. Baldwin
U-27-54

Approved

The application of Christ Episcopal Church by Reverend T. M. Jones for a Use
 to build a church building on property situated at Maryland Parkway
and St. Louis Avenue in accordance with plot plan and design submitted, was
considered.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this Use
Permit. There were no protests voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for Use Permit be approved and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners on the 1st day of September,

1954, that the application of Christ Episcopal Church by Rev. T. M. Jones for a
Use Permit to build a Church Building on property situated at Maryland Parkway and
St. Louis Avenue was considered; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
Christ Episcopal Church for a Use Permit to build a church building on property
situated at Maryland Parkway and St. Louis Avenue be approved subject to the plot
plan and design submitted and provision for parking of 100 cars, and the inspection
departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Commissioner Sharp advised the Commission that he was the architect on the
proposed building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:35 P.M. the meeting recessed.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:50 P.M. with all members present as of the
opening session.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Robert P. O'Donnell for a Use
Permit to use a duplex at the comer of 17th Street and Charleston Boulevard as a
medical office, said building being located on Lot 6, Block 1 of Charleston Square,
Tract No. 4. The Board of Adjustment recommended that this application be approved.
His Honor asked if there were any objections. No protests were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Dr. Robert P. O'Donnell for Use Permit
be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 1st day of September, 1954, having considered the
application of Dr. R. P. O'Donnell for a Use Permit to use a duplex on the corner
of 17th Street and Charleston Boulevard as a medical office, said building being
located on Lot 6, Block 1 of Charleston Square, Tract No. 4; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr.

Robert O'Donnell for a Use Permit to use a duplex on the comer of 17th Street
and Charleston Blvd. as a medical office, said building being located on Lot 6,

Block 1 of Charleston Square, Tract No. 4 be approved, and the inspection
departments are authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

The application of Ray W. Baldwin to maintain an architect's office on Lot 6,

Block 11, Fairview Tract, the same being 308 North 11th Street, in an R-4 zone
was considered. The Board of Adjustment recommended that this application for a
Use Permit be denied.

The matter was discussed and the Commission felt that a professional office
should be allowed in an R-4 zone, especially since this location was abutting
the commercial zone on Stewart Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Ray W. Baldwin for a
Use Permit to maintain an architect's office at 308 North 11th Street in an R-4
zone be allowed subject to the condition that no additional outside indication
of a business being conducted at this location be allowed, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a regular meeting on the 1st day of September, 1954, having considered the application
of R. W. Baldwin to maintain an architect's office on Lot 6, Block 11, Fairview
Tract, the same being 308 North 11th Street, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ray W.

Baldwin for a Use Permit to maintain an architect's office at 308 North 11th Street
in an R-4 zone, the same being Lot 6, Block 11, Fairview Tract be approved subject
to the condition that no additional outside indication of a business being
conducted at this location be allowed and the inspection departments are
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Jarrett and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker
voting aye; noes, none.

9-1-54