issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart
on the 30th day of March, 1955, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	License applications on file for the 2nd quarter 1955

a)	Liquor Applications

b)	Gaming Applications

c)	Cigarette Applications

2.	Use Permit application of Drs. J. H. Swartzfager, K. F. Smith, G. W. Tueller and
Ralph Reed to erect a one-story building to be used for medical offices on the
west side of Rancho Road between Charleston Blvd. and Palomino Lane. U-7-55,
approved by the Board of Adjustment, matter continued from 3-2-55.

3.	Discussion on trade of property with Catholic Church.

4.	Civil Service recommendations on merit increases.

5.	Proposed sewer rental agreement with "Strip Hotels".

6.	Recommendation on bids opened March 21, 1955 on the additions and alterations
to the Sewage Treatment Plant.

7.	Discussion on questions to be placed on the. Municipal Election ballot and a
fiscal agent for these bonds.

8.	Use Permit Application of Dr. Rulon Whitehead to construct a one-story dental
office in the 300 block on Maryland Parkway. U-14-55.

9.	Recision of authority given to City Manager for purchase of additional parking
meters.

10.	Emergency Ordinance amending Building Code, allowing open parking garages.

11.	Request of City Attorney for authority to abate a nuisance of a child nursery
located at 1315 Francis Avenue, Mrs. Flo Hanson.

12.	Authority to purchase a counting machine for parking meter money.

13.	Authorization to issue a warrant to reimburse City Treasurer's petty cash fund
in the amount of $1,038.52.

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager
and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the
foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 30, 1955

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 30th day of March, 1955; was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A.	Jarrett

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Asst. City Manager	Robert	W.	Notti

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	George H. Rounthwaite

Mr. Herb Jones representing the Spinning Wheel Corporation who intend to demolish and
reconstruct the building on the northwest comer of 1st and Fremont appeared before the
Board at this time. Mr. Alfred J. Quodbach, licensee for the Little Casino at 110
North 1st Street also was present.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of A. J. Quodbach dba Little
Casino, 110 North 1st Street for a tavern liquor license and one "21" game for the
second quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Sharp qualified his vote by stating that the firm of Zick and Sharp were architects
for the proposed new building to be known as the "Silver Palace".

3-30-55

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Little Casino