Commissioner Sharp then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. 
The question being upon the adoption of the said ordinance, the roll
was called with the following result:	Those voting aye; Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay:	None.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Sharp
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye; Commissioners 
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting
nay:	None.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and
read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion, and the question being upon its passage, 
the roll was called with the following result: Those voting aye; Commissioners 

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.. Those voting
nay:	None.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted
in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed
and adopted.

Commissioners Whipple moved this emergency ordinance be numbered 758.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:10 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

XX-X-X X X X X X X )rX X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X -X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X-X-X -X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X-

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 5; 1958

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 5th day of February, 1958 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Mayor	C.D. Baker

PUBLIC HEARING -	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing of whether or not the

Lease of Huntridge	City should lease the Huntridge Fire Station to Clark County for a period of two

Fire Station	years at a	monthly rental of $275.00, His	Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if

	there were	any objections to this lease.	None were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City enter into a lease with Clark County for
the Huntridge Fire Station for a period of two years, commencing February 15,
1958, at a monthly rental of $275.00, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the lease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VACATION OF CHARLESTON       This being	the continuation of the public	hearing on the vacation of	a portion

15th to Fremont	of East Charleston Boulevard, namely a forty foot strip on the south	side from

15th to Fremont and on the north side from 16th to Fremont, said hearing continued 
from the meeting of January 8, 1958, His Honor asked if there was anyone
present who objected to this vacation.

Mr. John McNamee, representing Mr. Leo Pahor appeared in protest of this vacation. 
Mr. McNamee stated that Mr. Pahor and Mr. Wing Fong also objected to the
ordinance recently adopted which changed the setback requirements from 90 feet
to 50 feet.

1-22-58 2-5-58