240

Commissioner Clark moved that the gaming application of Dave
GAMING APPLICATION	Stearns for a transfer of license of One race horse book from

Dave Stearns	104 East Fremont Street to 113 East Fremont Street, as

	appears in his application, be tabled and the City Attorney be

	directed to furnish an opinion to the Board based on the facts

in the matter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Clark,

Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAND USE PROPOSED	The following recommendation was received from the Planning

MASTER PLAN MAP	Commission relative to Master Plan Map revisions:

REVISIONS

	April 21, 1948

	Re:	Land Use

Proposed Master Plan Map Revisions

In accordance with proposed developments and the proper relationship of districts as
delineated in the map of the proposed Land Use Plan, certain revisions are herewith
recommended.

At a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission held April 13, 1948, certain of
these revisions were studied and by motion duly made, seconded, and unanimously
carried, it is recommended that the following areas be revised to include Limited
Multiple Dwelling Use as proposed in said Plan:

1	- All of the frontage on both sides of South 13th Street and the Westerly

side only of South 14th Street, lying between Bridger and Bonneville
Streets, and presently shown on the proposed Land Use map as an R-2,

Duplex Dwelling District.

2	- All of the area bounded by Paradise Road (new alignment), the south City

Limits, and the alley lying east of and parallel to South Fifth Street,
presently shown on the proposed Land Use map as R-E, Residence Estate
District.

These revisions in the proposed Plan are recommended for approval by your Board in
order that proposed housing developments may be undertaken.

Commissioner Moore moved that the foregoing recommendation of
the Planning Commission be approved. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn
until May the 7th at the hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Comm-

issioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk

Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 7, 1948

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
7th day of May, 1948. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple, City Manager J. M.

Murphy and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark and City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Whipple moved that payroll	claims #1463 & 1475, 1465 -

	1473 both inclusive in the net sum of $27,528.39 be approved and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Moore, and carried by the following vote:	Comm-

issioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Whipple moved that service and material warrants

WARRANTS	#l475a - 1479 both inclusive in the sum	of $25,805.52 be approved

	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized	to sign same. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.