Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
January 3rd, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

held January 3rd, in the Office of the City Clerk, Present Hon, Peter Buol, Mayor , commissioners

Von Tobel, Stewart, McGovern, and Coughlin, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved, all claims allowed per claim Book.

Upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel, and duly carried it was ordered that
the Clerk and ex-offico license Collector is hereby ordered and directed not to issue any more
slot machine licenses in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. the vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin aye, McGovern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol. aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the acceptance of the Consolidated Light
and Power Company, franchise to install and conduct a gas company in said $$$$$$ City, per
ordinance No. 22, as appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one of said City.

A request from the Salt Lake Brewing Company to dig and place a cesspool in the alley
off of Fremont Street between main and First street, was after due consideration upon the part
of the Board, rejected, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye,

Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, .

An ordinance regarding the shutting off of water supply in said City was read before the

Board for the second reading, it was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and

duly carried ordered that said ordinance be adopted as appears more fully in ordinance book one

of ordinance under the head of ordinance No. 24. of said City the vote being cast as follows towit:-

Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye,



An ordinance providing for the keeping of Certain Moneys In a fund to be known as "Street
Fund" was next read before the Board in full, and it appearing to the Board that an emergency
existed in this matter it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried
ordered that this ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance. the vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin ,aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol voting aye,. thereafter the Board proceeded to vote upon the ordinance it self as
appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one and known as ordinance No. 23. of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye, .

At this time Fire Chief L.D. Smith appeared before the Board with rules and regulations
regarding the Fire department of said City as passed by said Companies asking that the same
be approved by said Board, as appears more fully by the record now on file and of record in the
office of the Clerk of this Board. after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
ordered that said rules be adopted by this Board, as presented by said Fire Chief. the vote being
cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his
Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye,

The question of an ordinance concerning minors in said City relative to their visiting and
frequenting saloons, pool halls, and houses houses of ill-repute, coming up before the Board
for their consideration it was upon motion duly made and carried that the City Attorney be
instructed to draw and ordinance the same and submitt, the same to the Board for their consideration

 at their next regular meeting in February, A.D. 1912. the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

At this time Mr J.Hicks appeared before the Board with a proposition relative installing

 a fire signal system for said City, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it