of police protection which cannot be met in view of the provision therefor made in said City's
1931 and 1932 budgets heretofore adopted and as appears from the present state of the City's
funds applicable for police protection.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that until the further order of this Board not more than
ten such gaming licenses shall be issued or granted for said quarter beginning October 1,1931
and ending December 31, 1931.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board then considered the application before them.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that a
license be granted to the Las Vegas Amusement Corporation for the operation of one Crap Table,
and One Rouelette Wheel in the Nevada Hotel Bldg. Application being in proper form and the
money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that a
license be granted to W.R.Wooddell for the operation of a Tango Parlor only at 123 So. Main
Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
The Mayor voting Aye. Commissioner Thomas voting No.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that a
license for the operation of one poker table and one dice table be granted to Wm. Jones and
Wm. Smith for 217 Stewart St. This gaming house to cater to the Ethiopian Race only.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a
gaming license be denied Eli Nickerson.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
a gaming license be denied Woo Sing.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy, German and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The clerk was directed to return the money covering the licenses that were denied.

No motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
R.H. Elser be released as Inspector for the Nevada Gas Company Ltd. until such a time as
a new unit of mains should be laid.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy German, Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Alkire of the Las Vegas Nursery appeared before the Board of Commissioners in
regard to the replacing of the trees that had died in the City park site.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
Mr. Alkire be allowed the replacing of the trees at a cost of not to exceed $1.50 per tree,
and the number of trees to be replaced being about 140 trees. Said trees to be paid for out
of the Publicity Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
Mr. Alkire top and fertilize the growing trees in the park site at the rate of 25¢ per each
tree.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy, German and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 20th day of November, 1931, at the hour of three' o'clock P.M.