City Manager Kennedy reported that the easement granted the Southern Nevada Power Company
on February 6, 1956 by the City for the installation of power lines in the vicinity of the
City Barns has been relocated so that the present line can be installed as agreed with
the Union Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kennedy indicated this was merely a report and no further
action was required by the Commission.

The City Manager advised the Commission that in the matter of the bid of the F. O. Eagles
Lodge for five acres of land located generally in the vicinity of Washington and Bruce
Streets which had been referred to him on May 16, 1956, he was ready to report out at this
time. He stated that Commissioners Fountain and Sharp had met along with the City Manager
and Director of Public Works with representatives of the Eagles Lodge. He further re-
ported that the Lodge was willing to accept the following stipulations in the event the
City sold them this property.

1. That the bid of $2,000 per acres or a total of $10,000 would be in cash.

2. That the F. O. Eagles would dedicate 50 feet of this property back to the
City for right-of-way on Washington.

3.	The F. O. Eagles would pay the $100.00 appraisal fee required on this proposed
sale.

4.	The Eagles would develop the property for themselves in conjunction with Lodge
work, but in the event they should have to sell the property, they would grant
the City the first right of refusal.

5. That since the City itself is obtaining this land along with additional property,
under contract at the present time, the Eagles would be willing to wait for clear
title to the land.

6.	They would agree to an assessment district for the improvement of Bruce and
Washington.

Mr. Kennedy then reported that it was the recommendation that this property described as
"A certain tract or parcel of land, laying and being situate in the County of Clark,

State of Nevada and being a portion of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of the Northwest
Quarter (NW¼) of Section 26, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M.", be sold to
the F. O. Eagles as bid on May 16, 1956.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that in view of the fact that an appraisal of this
land has been made by a competent appraiser, and the bid of the F. 0. Eagles Lodge is in
line with this appraisal and for a worthwhile cause, that said bid be accepted subject
to the aforementioned conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Harry Hayden Whitely, Architect for the proposed Rehabilitation Farm for the City,
was present with the proposed final plans for this project.

Mr. Whitely apologized to the Commission for the delay in presentation of said plans
and those for the Police Department Addition, and stated that he took full blame by
reason of the fact that he attempted to please too many individuals instead of listening
to Chief Ray Sheffer and George Allen of the Police Department, the Director of Public
Works and the City Manager.

His Honor reminded Mr. Whitely that in accordance with the bond issue voted upon by the
citizens last May, 1955, there was only a specific amount set aside for this project and
there were no further funds that could be appropriated.

Commissioner Bunker advised the Commission that the Architect's estimate on the Rehabili-
tation Farm was $55,398.00 and $219,000.00 on the addition to the Police Station. He
further reminded the Commission that the total appropriation for both projects was $275,000,
and advised that the above estimate did not include the Architect's fees, nor the fence
around the farm which was estimated at $15,000.00.

Thereafter consideration discussion followed and Mr. Whitely was advised to revise the
Rehabilitation Farm plans in the following manner:

1.	Oil heat should replace butane gas.

2.	Gas cooking and hot water facilities maintained.

3.	Delete security windows.

4.	Delete down spouts.

5.	Change the lights from fluorescent to ordinary lighting.

6.	Eliminate certain petitions.

The Commission further requested that these revisions be made as soon as possible and the
plans submitted to the Director of Public Works for checking and resubmission to the
Commission.

At this time Mr. Boos left the meeting.

The Commission considered the final plans for the addition to the Police Station as sub-
mitted by Architect Harry H. Whitely.

Certain revisions were requested and Mr. Whitely was advised to submit the revised final
plans in time for the matter to be placed on the agenda for the June 6, 19% meeting.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of B. Bernard Sommers of Bernard of Hollywood
for reduction of the Solicitors License fee to permit solicitation from house to house to
secure orders for photographs.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Manager for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER
COMPANY

Easement - City Barn

SALE OF CITY LAND
F. O. Eagles

REHABILITATION FARM
Final Plans

POLICE STATION ADDITION
Final Plans



SOLICITORS LICENSE FEE
REDUCTION

Itinerant Photographer