28

LIQUOR LICENSE	The City Manager presented the request of Thelma Pike owner of Sundown Liquor

Transfer	Store to transfer her license from 214½ North Main Street to 12th and Stewart.

Sundown Liquor	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the application of Samuel Book for a

Store	package liquor license in this same building was denied on April 4, 1956, as

being too close to other liquor stores in this area.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Thelma Pike to transfer the liquor 

license of Sundown Liquor Store to 12th and Stewarts Streets be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. 

Commissioner Whipple and Mayor Baker passed their votes.

NAVAL ARMORY	Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Lt. Commander Rubideaux of the Naval Armory

Request to Purchase	has requested that the City consider selling the property the Naval Armory has 

Property	under lease.

The Commission requested the City Manager to obtain further information in this 
regard and report back to the Board.

STEARNS PARK	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that the Youth Advisory Council has 

PLAYGROUND	recommended that Steams Park located on North 10th Street between Mesquite and Stewart,

be improved by the planting of trees and grass, installation of a sprinkling system
and drinking fountain, and the black topping of a portion of the playground. Mr.
Kennedy stated that the estimated cost of this improvement would be $2,775.30.

Discussion was held and the Commission decided to contact some of the Service Clubs
to see if they would be interested in improving this park.

BOARD OF ELECTRICAL	City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that Walter Johnson, lay member of the Board

EXAMINERS	of Electrical Examiners has resigned, and recommended that hebe replaced.

Appointments &

Reappointments	Commissioner Fountain moved that David Boles be appointed as a member of the Board

	of Electrical Examiners for 3 years, said term to expire in December, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Verle Ashworth, A.C. Wiley and D.D. Smalley be 

reappointed as members of the Board of Electrical Examiners for a period of three
years, said term to expire in December of 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLANNING COMMISSION	Commissioner Fountain moved that Philip Empey be reappointed as member of the 

Reappointment of	Planning Commission for a period of six years, said term to expire in August, 1963.

Member

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TRAFFIC COMMISSION	Commissioner Whipple moved that Clark Coleman be reappointed as a member of the

Reappointment of	Traffic and Parking Commission for a term to expire in August, 1961.

Member

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOLICITATIONS REVIEW	Commissioner Sharp moved that Norrison Beatty and Hillman Leebe reappointed as

BOARD	members of the Solicitations Review Board for a term to expire December, 1959.

Reappointments

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HANDBALL COURT	Mr. Kennedy reported that a preliminary drawing and list of cost on the remodeling

	of the Handball Court at Dula Recreation Center have been secured and it is estimated 

that the cost will be $3,509.28, excluding the painting.

Commissioner Fountain moved that approval be given for the remodeling of the 

Handball Courts at Dula Recreation Center.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE FIRE	City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Moose Lodge have requested

STATION	permission to lease the Huntridge Fire Station for ten years with an option at

Lease	$225.00 per month.

Members of the Moose Lodge were present and were advised that the appraisal 

received by the Commission indicates that this property should be leased for
$500.00 to $600.00 per month, so their offer could not be accepted.

SOUTHERN NEVADA	Mr. David Duran, Accountant, appeared before the Commission at this time on behalf

DISPOSAL SERVICE	of his client, and stated that he had asked the City Manager to see the financial

Financial Report	report of the Southern Nevada Disposal Service that is filed with the City as 

required by their alleged contract. Mr. Duran stated that his client, Teamsters
Local #631 had been advised by the City Attorney and he had been advised by the
City Manager that this financial report was not public record.

Mr. Duran asked the Board to overrule the City Attorney and City Manager and 

permit him to see this report.

The Commission-then advised Mr. Duran that the financial report had been ruled as
not being a public record and therefore they would not authorize permission for
him to see this report.

12-18-57