July 1st, 1929; $600.00 by the sale to said Austin-Western Road Machinery

Company of one (1) gasoline 10 ton Austin-Western road roller, owned by
said City, delivered F.O.B., railroad car, Las Vegas, Levada, on order of
said Austin-Western Load Machinery Company; all deferred payments to bear
interest at 7 per cent per annum from date of contract.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said contract be executed by O. J.

Smith, Commissioner of Streets and Public Property of said City on behalf
of said City, and that such bill of sale or other instrument of transfer
of said ten ton road roller be executed by the Commissioner of Streets
and Public Property of said City on behalf of said City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk furnish a certified
copy of this resolution to accompany said Contract.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a warrant be drawn by the proper
officers for the initial payment of $600.00 to said Company.

Vote on the above Resolution: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and His Honor the Mayor Hesse,
Aye.	Noes, none.

After discussing the question of moving a certain section of sewer, the Board ad-
journed upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, until Friday the 20th day of
January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 23, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 23rd day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
and O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it was ordered that the Mayor
and City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be authorized and directed to execute on behalf of the
City a contract with Dr. W. S. Park permitting installation of a fire siren on top of his building
as per draft of contract submitted to the Board.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Monday the 30th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 20, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 20th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time His Honor the Mayor suggested that the City Commissioners take a trip
of inspection thru the streets and alleys of this City.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Monday the 23rd day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.