Commissioner Bates moved that the Veteran's Service Coordinating
Committee be given office space in the old Fire Station site and
that the City Manager be instructed to cooperate with the 

Committee and assist them in any way possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the agreement to furnish fire 

fighting equipment to Clark County be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Mr. George H. Wood be notified
that the City accepts his contract for services as consultant
and Auditor for the year 1946 in an amount not to exceed $2,500.00
based on the following rates:

Supervising Senior, in charge	$35.00	per	day

Senior Accountants	30.00	"	"

Semi-Senior Accountants	25.00	"	"

Junior Accountants	20.00	"	"

Office Assistants, preparation and

report work	15.00	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be instructed to
write a letter to the Federal Works Agency, offering them $3,000.00
a year and all outside rentals for rent of the sewerage system.

Said rental to apply on the purchase price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that Leo Callihan be paid the difference
between his Nevada Industrial Insurance and his salary up to and
including December 31, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This Board having heretofore accepted the Master Plan for the City
of Las Vegas and said plan called for certain improvements on 12th
Street, known as "Maryland Parkway" between Charleston Boulevard
on the North and running to the North City Limits of the City of
Las Vegas, part of said improvements being the widening of Maryland
Parkway;

BE IT RESOLVED by this Board on motion duly made by 

Commissioner Bates and seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, that this
Board does hereby rescind that part and strike from the faster Plan
the widening and condemnations on this street because the widening
and condemnations necessary to complete this project entails 

considerable money; that this Board is faced with immediate 

expenditures of money for the health and safety of the citizens of Las
Vegas and any money that can be spared from our budget for the
next five years must go for these necessary improvements and 

further we feel it unfair to the owners of property on this street
to be held up awaiting action of this board.

Motion carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to
contact Mr. Campbell and offer him $10,000.00 for the land to be
used for a Police Station site.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

Commissioner Bates passed his vote; and Commissioner Corradetti
voted no.

Commissioner Bates moved that the proposed ordinance submitted by
a public accountant for consideration be referred to the City 

Attorney.

VETERAN'S COORDINATING 
COUNCIL

AGREEMENT—Fire Pro-
tection to Clark
County

GEORGE H. WOOD 
Contract

SEWER RENTAL

SALARY—Leo Callihan

MASTER PLAN - Maryland
Parkway Improvements

POLICE STATION SITE 





PROPOSED ORDINANCE *
Public Accountants