Mr. Blackman made a report on behalf of Harold Case, WPA Administrator, in regard to
a certain project concerning curbs and gutters in the city of las Vegas during the
year of 1938.

His Honor appointed Commissioner Smith and A. W. Blackman to work through Mr. Case in
obtaining all the information possible in regard to said project and submit it to the
Board as soon as possible.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the Board approve the installing of a sewer in
Block 20, South Addition by Anderson Dairy and Prime Meats Provision Company with the
view that the city will do their part towards seeing it that they are reimbursed
proportionately by any persons connecting thereto. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, Commissioner
Clark made a motion that the meeting adjourn until the 4th day of October, 1941 at the
hour of 7:00 p.m. Motion seconded by Mr. Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
OCTOBER 4th, 1941

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of October,

1941. Meeting called to order by C. R. Clark, Mayor pro tem with the following members
present: Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux; City Attorney Paul Ralli, City Clerk
Helen Scott and Deputy City Clerk Le Roy Whipple. Absent: Howell C. Garrison, Mayor.

Minutes of the previous meeting read and approved as read.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that warrants 575 to 583 inclusive be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read requesting the Board to provide more protection for school children
crossing the street at 5th and Fremont Streets and same was referred to the Police
Department.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the report of the Municipal Judge for the month
of September, 1941 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Upon recommendation of the City Attorney, Commissioner Tinch made a motion that that
certain easement between between the Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company, a corp-
oration and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company and the City of Las VEgas regarding a right of way be
accepted; and be it resolved that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to execute said easement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the application of Harry E. Shade for permission
to transfer his license from the Greyhound Taxi Co., to the Tanner Motor Co., be held
over to the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

The application of C. J. Peterson and F. Going for a license to operate a shooting
gallery was referred to the police commissioner.

Commissioners Smith and Rubidoux were appointed to meet with the Airport Advisory
Board regarding the request of the Western Air Lines for a ten year lease with an option
for an additional period on the following described property to be used as a transmitter
site. The NW¼ of Section 18, Township 20 S. Range 62 East M.D.B. & M.

A letter of protest signed by certain property owners protesting the installation of
certain telephone poles on 6th Street between Carson and Ogden. Said letter was referred
to the Pity Electrician.



Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that with the consent of the necessary property owners that the
Mission Cab Company be issued a taxi license for the location requested on the NE corner
of 6th and Fremont Streets. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the proposed price of cemetery lots be approved.

Motion died for want of a second.

The application of Grand Canyon Boulder Dam Tours, Inc., heretofore presented for permission
to operate a taxi stand at the SE corner of sixth and Fremont Streets was Ordered held
over for further investigation.

A letter was read from the Woitishek Lumber Company regarding a certain bill in the sum of
$37.91 of three years standing. Same was referred to the city attorney.