Commissioner Gilbert expressed his opinion that the consideration of the widening of Main
Street from Carson to Stewart Street should be considered at time, and the cost of same would
be approximately $200.00 for the preliminary engineering, plans and specifications.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Gilbert should proceed with the engineering, plans, specifications and estimates
of cost of widening Main Street from Carson Street to Fremont Street. Said width to be on the
west side of Main Street only. That all plans, specifications and estimates be filed with the Clerk

Vote Commissioners Ronnow Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time it was decided that the answer from the Board of Commissioners to the Union Pacific 

System in regard to entrances on Main Street from the new station should be rendered in the
very near future as the construction on the new station would start in the very near future.

It was decided that this would be considered at a meeting of the Board to be held on Monday
the 16th day of October, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M. The Clerk was directed to inform
the Chamber of Commerce, the Junior Chamber of Commerce and the City Planing Commission of this
meeting and ask that these organizations be represented at that time.

Electrical Inspector A.L. Drew having this day been in receipt of a letter from Mayor Russell
informing him that his services with the City would terminate the night of October 31, 1939 it
was on motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert moved that Mr. Drew be re-
tained as City Electrical Inspector that the case of his removal by the Mayor was not sufficient
to warrant his removal.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti voting aye. Mayor Russell voting No.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a lamp changer. Same to cost approximately $32.50.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried
that the City purchase 200 pounds of gutter broom wire.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti a d His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved a d car-
ried that Nelson Bishop be employed as Deputy Pound aster at no salary to the City, but that
he City pay the cost of the installation of a telephone and monthly service charges. This appoint-
ment being effective till further order of the Board.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time on motion of Commissioner
Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Ronnow it was moved and carried that this meeting recess until
Monday the 16th day of October, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said meeting recessed until Monday the 16th day of October, 1939 at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

OCTOBER 16th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on the 16th day of October, 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti, City Attorney
and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that payroll warrants Nos 238 to 242 inclusive be allowed and that the Mayor and Clerk signed the
same.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Minutes of meeting held on October 9th read and approved as read.

W.R.Bracken of the Union Pacific System appeared before the Board with plans for the entrance
way fron Main Street to the new Station of the Union Pacific R.R. Said station being erected at
the extreme west end of Fremont Sts.

On motion of Commissioner Gilbert seconded by Commissioner Corradetti it was moved and Car-
rie that this Board approved the plans for the entrance to the new station as same were presented
to the Board at this time. Commissioner Gilbert also ask that a copy of said plans be filed with
the City Clerk.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Bids for the purchase of hose for the Fire Dept. were opened at this time and on motion of
Commissioner Corradetti seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that these
bids and the samples of hose accompanying same be handed to the Fire Chief Mr. Case and his assist-
ant Mr. Down and the Purchasing Clerk LeRoy Whipple for checking, report and recommendation to
the Board at the next meeting.

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Gilbert, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. Case acint as Fire Marshall brought to the attention of the Board a very bad fire hazard