Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

WARRANTS	 	Commissioner Smith moved that Warrants 27-1 and 26-1 be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Smith moved the meeting adjourn until February at 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 21, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
21st day of February, 1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor,

Mayor pro tem A. Smith, St. with the following members present:

  Commissioners Bates, Clark and Corradetti, City Manager, Charles C.

McCall and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Mayor Cragin and
City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting
be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

POLICE CARS	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Claim of The E. g. Price Motor

CLAIM PAID	Co. of San Bernardino, California for $2,988.89 covering the purchase

of two Hudson automobiles be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

CITY EQUIPMENT	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the purchasing agent be authorized to

DECALS ORDERED	 	order two hundred (200) Decals to be placed on all city owned equipment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem
Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

PAYROLL CLAIMS     Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims #28 to 35 inclusive, in the

sum of $13, 436.83, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye;
noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

CLAIMS	  Commissioner Clark moved that claim #36, one to six, inclusive, in the sum

  of $4,105.67, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

RESOLUTION	 	The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

HARLEM CLUB	 

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the Harlem Club is located immediately adjacent to the
City Limits of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, said Harlem Club has now been designated as out-of-bounds
by the United States Army as a result of said investigations conducted by
that body and,

WHEREAS, the City Police Department and the various administrative
heads, through investigation, have determined that a great amount of our  
policing difficulties on the West Side of Las Vegas have arisen by reason