Mr. Geo. E. Marshall also appeared before the Board in behalf of the taxi cab operators
of the City and argued, that already the City had licensed too may taxi cabs and that to license
any more would just keep the present operators from making a fair living. He also argued that
Mr. Riddle was operating two cars on one license and had violated the city ordinance and that he
therefore should be restrained from being granted another taxi license. Mr. Henderson again
took the floor and argued that in his opinion all taxi cab operators had violated the City
ordinances and that if Mr. Riddle had violated the City Ordinances that he was no exception.

After some discussion by the Board, it was moved by Commissioner Krause and Seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti to allow Mr. A. L. Riddle to operate another taxi cab from the stand designated at
the S. E. Corner of the intersection of Second and Fremont Streets, near the White Cross Drug.

Vote being Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti, and His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None

Fred Rehn appeared before the Board at this time with a complaint as to why he should not be
allowed to continue to do electrical work in the City. Stating that he had lost several jobs
recently do the fact that the electrical inspector had interfered with him and had been keeping him
from going ahead with such jobs in question. It was brought out by the Board that Mr. Rehn had
with drawn his Cash bond from the City and therefore was not in standing to do electrical contracting 

within the City. Mr. Austin pointed out that should Mr. Rehn redeposit his cash bond
with the city and that if his Master's certificate was in good standing with his license
pay'd up, in his opinion he didn't see why Mr. Rehn would not be permitted to continue with
Electrical contracting as he had done in the past.



Commissioner Ronnow made a report to the Board of his meeting with members of the Chamber of Commerce
and other delegated in regards to the entertainment of the Municipal League of the State of
Utah here on September second; next. He stated that between 500 and 600 people were expected 

and it would cost about $300.00 to furnish a buffet luncheon to the visiting people, that
the County was being asked to put up half the expense and the City the other half. The BPOE Hall
would be used as headquarters and the luncheon would be served from there, and would be in
charge of the Chamber of Commerce. Thereupon Commissioner Ronnow moved that the City contribute
from the publicity fund the sum of not to exceed $150.00 towards the entertainment of the visitors in defraying
part of the buffett luncheon, the move was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and vote was,
Commissioners, Ronnow, Corradetti and Krause, and His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

A letter from police Chief Frank Wait was read to the Board by Commissioner Corradetti, asking
that officers Dave Mackey and Harry E. Miller be reinstated as regular officers on the police
force at the regular salary of $180.00 per month. Commissioner Corradetti also moved that the two men be
reinstated as regular officers on the police force at the afore mentioned salary beginning September
1, 1939 and was seconded by Commissioner Krause. Vote being Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and
Corradetti and His Honor The Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

At this time Commissioner Corradetti asked how much time or notice should be given, in case
an employee of the City should be cut off from service with the City. Attorney Austin stated
that he would study the State Statutes and would advise definitely later but that in his off
opinion, no time is required, but the common practise of courtesy was usually 15 days. At this
point Commissioner Ronnow stated that the petty cash fund with the City Clerk should at all times be
not less than $100.00 and should be replenished if below that amount at each board meeting.

There being no further business appearing before the Board at this time, on motion of
commissioner Corradetti and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved and carried that
this meeting recess until Tuesday the 29th, day of August 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Vote, Commissioners, Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor The Mayor voting Aye, Noes None

Thereupon the meeting recessed until Tuesday the 29th, day of August 1939 at the hour of
Seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

AUGUST 29th, 1939

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 29th day of August 1939 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Russell, Commissioners Ronnow, Kruse and Corradetti and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Gilbert and City Attorney Austin.

Minutes of meeting of August 16th read and approved as read

A letter from the City of St. George Utah inviting the members of the Board of Commis-
sioners to attend the meetings of the Municipal League of Utah on Aug. 31st and Sept 1st
at St. George was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Ronnow seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the the Board accept the invitation of the City of St. George and that the Mayor and
Clerk attend at least one day and that the sum of $25.00 be allowed toward the expenses of

this trip.	

Vote Commissioners Ronnow, Krause and Corradetti and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

A letter from J.L. Stewart signing himself as the owner of the Acme Plumbing Co asking
that no permits be issued that company unless such application being signed by himself.