Upon notion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved and
carried that a taxi license be granted to M. D. Bingham, upon approval of his required insurance
by the City Attorney and the necessary fees to be deposited with the City Clerk for the payment
of such license. His application and rate schedules being on file with the City Clerk at this
time. Vote being, Commissioners, Gilbert, and Krause, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes
None. - Absent Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti.

Bids on one car or 6000 gallons of Bituauls were opened, and presented to the board for action
Upon motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bid of the Union Oil Company of California for 6000 Gallons of L 3 X Winter Proofing
Penetration Emulsion @ .09666 f.o.b. Las Vegas, Nevada per gallon be accepted. vote Commissioners
Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None. Absent Commissioners, Ronnow
and Corradetti.

Bids on 50 Gallons of White Traffic Lac and 50 Gallons of Traffic Lac Thinner were then next
opened and upon motion of Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved
and carried that the bid of The Woitishwk Lumber Company be accepted it being the low bid in the amount of
$1.30 per gallon on the Traffic Lac and $0.50 per gallon on the Traffic Lac Thinner.

Vote being Commissioners, Gilbert, Krause and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None. Absent*
Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti.



Upon Motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved and carried
that the City Allow expenses paid in the sum of $45.00 for Mayor Russel to attend the funeral
of Senator Key Pittman on November 14th, at Reno and also to purchase flowers for such funeral in
the amount of $20.00 vote being Commissioners, Gilbert, and Krause and His Honor the Mayor Voting
Aye, Noes None, Absent, Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti*

A request was made of the City to rent the oil spreader by The Oilfield Trucking Company for
the spreading of some road oil, that their spreader had broken down and that they were unable to
proceed with their work. Upon motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause
it was moved and carried that the City rent the oil spreader with a City driver to the Oilfield
Trucking Company to get their oil spread at the rate of $3.50 per hour. vote Commissioners Gilbert
and Krause and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None. Absent Commissioners, Ronnow & Corradetti

The fact was brought to the attention of the Board that the Street Department was in bad need
of tires, and that all available tires in the department were now in use on the equipment leaving
no spare tires to make changes or repairs, that in case of any blow outs the equipment might be
laid up until tires could be purchased. Thereupon Commissioner Gilbert made motion and was
seconded by Commissioner Krause that the Purchasing Clerk be allowed to purchase one 700 x 20
Heavy Duty Truck and Buss 8 Ply Casing and one 700 x 20 Heavy Duty Truck and Buss Tube as an
emergency for the street department to shop around to get the best price available in securing such
tire and tube. Vote Commissioners Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

A sent Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti.

Upon motion by Commissioner Gilbert and Seconded by Commissioner Krause, it was moved and
Carried that a check be drawn in favor of Ray Lundy for $100.00 for services rendered and to
be paid out of the City Commissioners department. Vote Commissioners, Gilbert and Krause and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None - Absent Commissioners, Ronnow and Corradetti.

There being no further business appearing before the Board at this time, on motion of Commissioner
 Krause and Seconded by Commissioner Gilbert it was moved and carried that this meeting
recess until Wednesday November 20th, 1940 at the hour of 3 o'clock PM.

Vote: Commissioners, Gilbert and Krause and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes, None.

There upon said meeting recessed until the hour of three o'clock PM. November 20, 1940

CALL OF A SPECIAL MEETING.

TO VIOLA BURNS - CITY CLERK
BY LE ROY WHIPPLE, DEPUTY.

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office, in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, Tuesday November 19, 1940 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M. To consider and
act upon the following business;

To consider and act upon certain parts of the lease between the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada and the Western Air Express Corporation, covering the transfer of the present
Air Port now used and owned by the Western Air Express Corporation to the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada

John L. Russell,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

TO JOHN L. RUSSELL, MAYOR, AND TO A. CORRADETTI, HERB KRAUSE, JOE RONNOW AND C.V. T. GILBERT
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

YOU AMD EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's Office Tuesday the 19th, day
of November 1940 at the hour of eleven o'clock A. M. to consider and act upon the following: