Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 9th, A.D. 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment, present the Mayor and all members of the Board.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

The claim of the Las Vegas Fire Co. No. one for $28.00 was allowed.

At this time the following was read in full before the Board.

" To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners of the City Las vegas, Nevada.

Sirs:- I herewith tender my registration as Night Police of the City of Las vegas
Nevada, to same to take effect at once. Resp. Submitted. N. Mitchell. Night Police.

It was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that
the same be carried. the Vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart
aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time Commissioners of Fire and Police Von Tobel announced to the Board of the
appointment of A.J. Frye to the office of Night Police for the City of Las vegas, Nevada,
motion by von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin that said appointment be approved was duly
carried by the following vote towit:- Coughlin aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, von Tobel,
aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye,

At this time Commissioner Von Tobel announced to the Board the appointment of L.D. Smith
as Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, and asked that he be allowed the sum of $2.50 for each
month and the sum of $4.00 for each fire attended. upon motion duly made and carried it was
order that the same be carried and allowed. the vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye,
McGovern, aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time Commissioner Von Tobel asked the Board for an appropriation of $127.00 for
the purposes of fixing and reparing the floor of the fire house on second street so that the
same could be made into suitable quarters for the members of the Fire Companies, upon motion
of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin it was duly carried and ordered that said request of
Commissioner Von Tobel be granted the vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern
aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that the
City Attorney be instructed to draw up ordinance defining the duties of various Commissioners.

This being the time set for the report of the committee on finances relative to the
regulating of licenses in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the Mayor called for said report
Commissioner Von Tobel stated before the Board that the Committee bad been unable to reach an
understanding in the matter and asked that said committee be discharged, therefore upon said
request the Mayor ordered that sad Committee be discharged.

The newly appointed Fire Chief made and report to the Board relative to the conditions
of the fire Company and also filed and report requesting certain supplies, upon motion of
Commissioner Von Tobel it was ordered that said report be accepted and placed on file and the
Clerk is hereby instructed to make a copy of said report and deliver copy of same to the
Chief for record. the vote being as follows towit- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye,
Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, .

An ordinance regulating the Shutting off of water in systems supplying the City of
Las Vegas and the Inhabitants thereof within as read before the Board it upon motion duly made
and carried it was ordered that the same be laid over for the second reading.

At this time J.T. McWilliams appeared before the Board relative to selling the said City
a map of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that

the same be purchased and the Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed to have the same framed