9

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 29. 1947

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held
this 29th day of January, 1947. Meeting called to order at the
hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayer E. W. Cragin with the fol-
lowing members:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti:

city Manager T. E. Fennessy:	and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Absent: C. Norman Cornwall, City Attorney.

BIDS- Skip Loader	This being the time set for the opening of bids on a Skip Loader,

	the following bids were opened and recorded:

SHAW SALES COMPANY	$2,350.00

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	4,484.00

MOTOR EQUIPMENT COMPANY	NO BID

Commissioner Baskin moved that a 11 the bids be referred to the
City Manager for recommendation at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the fol-
lowing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACUUM LEAF LOADER	Commissioner Bates moved that the purchasing procedure be waived

and the City Manager be directed to purchase a Vacuum Leaf Loader
in the sum of $2,572.75 f.o.b. Detroit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FIVE GANG FAIRWAY	Commissioner Bates moved that the purchasing procedure be

MOWER	waived for the purchase of one five-gang fairway mower in the sum

of $1,158.00 and the City Manager be directed to purchase same.

Motion seconded by commissioner Baskin and carried by the fol-
lowing vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GOLF COURSE-- 	Commissioner Clark moved that the city approve the recommendation

Adjustment of	of the Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Golf Association for

fees	an increase in the fees at the Municipal Golf Course as follows:

1.	Members of the Association will pay $1.00 per day
for green fees, including Saturdays, Sundays and
holidays.

2.	Member's quarterly green fees will be increased
from $15.00 to $18.00 and a member's wife from
$10.00 to $20.00. 

3.	Member's annual green fees to be increased from
$50.00 to $65.00, and a member's wife's green fee
to remain at $35.00.

4.	Non-members of the Association green gees to be
increased from seventy-five cents on week days to
$1.25, and $1.00 on Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays
to $1.50

Quarterly and annual rates will be available only
to the members of the Association.

The Golfer's Association will increase their annual
dues from $10.00 to $25.00. The City is to refund
ten per cent (10%) of the gross green fees collected
to the Golf Association.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City grant an additional $50.00

	a month to the Health Department as soon as the County does the

same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLUMBER EXAMINERS	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of Mr. George Treen

BOARD	that Mr. A. R. Ruppert, Mr. H. L. Chambers, Mr. Robert Goldstein, Mr.

James D. Bennett, Mr. Millard Stewart, and Mr. Eddie Stokes, be ap-
pointed members of the Plumber Examiners Board for the next year, be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.