ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution

NO. 200-17	authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-

Resolution Authorizing 	  ments in Assessment District No. 200-17 will be opened October 19, 1955:

Call for Construction

Bids	WHEREAS; the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken

	steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Or-

dinance No. 666; passed; adopted and approved this 21st day of September; 1955; and

WHEREAS; the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City,

Clerk to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings
heretofore taken to construct said improvements by special assessment;

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of September;
1955; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is
hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for furnishing of labor; 

material; transportation and service for installing
a sanitary sewer in and along certain streets and alleys and portions of streets
and alleys and easements in Special Assessment District No. 200-17; as created
by Emergency Ordinance No. 666; in the City of Las Vegas; Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of
bids for said construction by publication on September 28; October 5 and October
12; 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun; a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said construc-
tion will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Wednesday; the 19th day of October; 1955;
at which time said bids will be opened.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that said Notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September; 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of E. L. Joseph-

Rezoning	son and V. D. Eachus to reclassify an area generally described as a portion of the

Josephson & Eachus	SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 21; T20S; R6lE; MDB&M; the matter was considered by

the Board. This application was approved by the Planning Commission subject to
dedication of streets in accordance with the Master Plan of Streets and Highways.

A public hearing held on August 17; 1955 and September 7; 1955 was continued until
this time.

It was the decision of the Board to hold this matter in abeyance.

LICENSE REVOCATION	Mr. Larry F. Coe was present to show cause why the business license of the El Vegas

El Vegas Roller Rink 		  Roller Rink; 222 W. Charleston Boulevard; should not be revoked. The police re-
port of September 6, 1955 indicated that there were two complaints received con-
cerning Mr. Coe's lewd acts upon their daughters; as related by the parents.

Mr. Robert Callister; representing Mr. Coe; stated that his client has been charged
as set forth and had entered a plea of not guilty. He further stated that; as in-
structed; Mr. Coe had not been near the roller rink day or night since the charge.

He asked the commission to withhold action until it has been determined whether or
not Mr. Coe is guilty of the charge.

Commissioner interrogated Mr. Callister; who is running the roller rink at the
present time. He was informed that Mrs. Coe was in charge of the business but that
if necessary Mr. Smith would be able and willing to take charge of it. Mr. Cal-
lister stated that both Mr. Coe and Mr. Smith have families of their own and that
it would entail a great financial loss to them if their license is revoked. He
further stated that the preliminary hearing on Mr. Coe's case had been set for
September 30th; and that he believed the charge would be dismissed at that time.

Mrs. Coe said that they were making their home in Las Vegas and that she had been
operating a roller rink for sixteen years.

Commissioner Whipple moved the business license of the El Vegas Roller Rink be
issued in the name of Mr. Morey Smith and that he be responsible for the operation
and proper conduct of the business; subject to the usual police investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LICENSE REVOCATION	Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Board at this time representing John and Rita

Buckley's	Buckley who were present to show cause why their gaming license for Buckley's;

P. J., John & Rita	20 Fremont; should not be revoked. The Police and License Departments reports

Buckley	indicated that free beer was being given to customers without the benefit of a

liquor license. Mr. Zenoff stated that Mr. P. J. Buckley was in Chicago at this
time; engaged in the operation of a factory.

Mr. Zenoff further stated that Rita Buckley did serve free beer; averaging about ten
cans a day; but that it was an unintentional violation of the law. Upon the serving
of the notice; she had immediately stopped serving free drinks and would not do so
in the future. Mr. Zenoff said that the Buckleys had an investment of $75,000 in
the business and could not afford to lose their license.

9-21-55