The tabulation on Bid No. 50.23, two sedans and one business coupe,
having been heretofore opened on September 7, 1950, was presented
to the Board for their consideration.

City Manager, C.W. Shelley recommended that the bid of Community
Chevrolet being $1628.90 for the sedans and $1513.90 for the
business coupe be accepted in order that a comparative check on the
operating costs on Fords and Chevrolets can be made. The City
now owns two 1950 Fords.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved the recommendation of the City
Manager be accepted and Bid No. 50.23 be awarded to Community
Chevrolet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Peccole and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The letter and copy of amendment to the rent regulations under date
of September 7, 1950 received from Housing Expediter, Tighe E. Woods
was ordered filed.

Commissioner Moore moved that A.E. Cahlan be reappointed to the Regional 

Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner W hippie and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Peccole.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be instructed to contact the
Secretary of the Planning Commission and ascertain from his records
the attendance records of the members of the Planning Commission
appointed by the City Commission, to review attendance records and
if it is found they have been frequently absent from meetings request
them to resign. Further that a copy of this motion be sent to the
County Commission and ask their cooperation by adoption of a similar
motion or resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

A t this time a copy of the letter under date of September 8, 1950 from
the Superintendent of Clark County General Hospital to I.R. Crandall,
Director of Clark County Civilian Defense regarding the cost of typing
individuals for the proposed "Walking Blood Bank" was presented to the
Board for their consideration. This communication stated that the ap-
proximate cost for the typing of the first one thousand individuals blood
would be $361.50, and $257.15 for each additional one thousand.

Thereafter Commissioner Moore moved that upon the recommendation of the
City Manager the City of Las Vegas pay one-half of the above-mentioned
costs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pursuant to the favorable recommendation
of the Police Department the names of Cornelius V. Hurley and Lawrence
L. Hezzelwood, new members of the Board of Directors of the Boulder
Club Inc., 118 Fremont, be added to the gambling license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Moore and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the
proposed ordinance for the regulation and licensing of bicycles asked
for additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Peccole, committee for recommendation on the
proposed ordinance amending the Taxicab Ordinance asked for additional
time before reporting.

Commissioner Moore moved the City Manager be authorized to proceed with
negotiations for a new fire station to be located in the west part of
Las Vegas, and report back to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple end His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Moore moved the contract with Wells Cargo Co., for the
installation of facilities in Assessment District No. 200-2, West
Charleston Boulevard Sanitary Sewer, be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bunker, Moore, Peccole, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved a resolution be adopted commending City
Attorney Howard W. Cannon and expressing the appreciation of the
Board of Commissioners for his efforts at the Public Service
Commission hearing on water service in the City held September 21,

BID NO. 50.23 -
Automobiles
Awarded

RENT DECONTROL

REGIONAL PLANING
COMMISSION



WALKING BLOOD BANK-
Cost to Type Individuals



GAMING LICENSE -
Boulder Club Inc..

New Officers



PROPOSED ORDINANCE -
Bicycles

PROPOSED ORDINANCE -
Amendment to Taxicab
Ordinance

PROPOSED NEW FIRE
STATION



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
#200-2

Contract Signed

RESOLUTION OF COMMENDATION
City Attorney