245

Las Vegas, Nevada

May 21st, 1948

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 21st day of May,

1948, Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of
2:00 P.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore,

Whipple, City Manager J. M. Murphy and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:

City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

VACATION SOUTH EIGHTH This being the time set for the hearing of the Petition for the vacation of 8th
STREET	Street between Bridger and Clark Streets, in Wardie addition, and all of the alley

	in Block 14 of the Pioneer Heights Addition, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following Order be made:

O R D E R

A Petition, signed by three (3) free holders residing in the area affected, having

been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of 8th Street between

Bridger and Clark Streets, in the Wardie Addition, and all of the alley in Block 14

of the Pioneer Heights Addition, as hereinafter described, and said Petition

having been by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission having filed

its report, dated March 19, 1948, with this Board approving and recommending said

vacation;

And this Board, by and Order made at its regular meeting held on the 7th day of April,

1948, having set the 21st day of May, 1948, at the hour of 2:00 o'clock P.M. at the
Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building,
located at the Northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas,

	Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for a public hearing on said Petition

and recommendation, and having Ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid street
and alley proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the time
and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of LaVerne R. Bechtel, filed with the Clerk of
this Board, that a Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which Notice is
attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 13th day of April, 1948, in the manner
prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard
evidence in support of said Petition and recommendation, and no evidence in opposition
thereto having been offered;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portion of the street
and alley proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and
convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the City of Las
Vegas, and that the public will not be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portion of 8th Street, to-wit;

That portion of 8th Street in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, lying easterly
of Blocks 8 and 9, and Westerly of Blocks 17 and
18, bounded on the North by the South R/W line
of Clark Street, as shown on the Map of Wardie
Addition to Las Vegas recorded in the office of
the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1
of Plats, Page 13,

be and the same is hereby vacated, and

IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that all of the alley in Block 14 of the Pioneer Heights
Addition to Las Vegas as shown on a Plat there-of on file in the office of the
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1 of Plats, Page 35, be and the same is
hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Moore and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Cragin voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Helen Scott Reed /s	E. W. Cragin /s

City Clerk	-	Mayor

SEAL

MINUTES	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of April 17th, 22nd and May 7th, 11th and

	17th be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #1474 and 1480-1487 both inclusive, in

	the net sum of $25,838.24 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Moore, Whipple and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None.