Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.



Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolu-
tion directing the rescinding of previous resolutions authorizing the publica-
tion of notice for construction bids for the installation of improvements in
Assessment District No. 200-17:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create for the public improvement all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance 666, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of September, 1955; and

WHEREAS, resolutions were passed calling for the advertisement for con-
struction bids for said special assessment district, such resolutions being
passed on September 21, 1955 and on October 21, 1955; and

WHEREAS, said notices were not published due to unforeseen delays; and

WHEREAS, it is desired to rescind the resolutions of September 21, 1955
and October 21, 1955 and to direct the advertisement for construction bids
in accordance with the proceedings heretofore taken to construct said im-
provements by said special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day of November,
1955, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
is hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will re-
ceive bids for the furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service
for installation of a sanitary sewer in and along certain streets and portions
of streets, alleys and easements in Special Assessment District No. 200-17, as
created by Emergency Ordinance No. 666, in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt
of bids for said construction by publication in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
construction will be received until 8.00 P.M. on Wednesday, the 21st day of
December, 1955, at which time said bids will be opened.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the resolutions of September 21, 1955 and
October 21, 1955 directing publication of notice of the receipt of bids be
and the same are hereby rescinded, annulled and of no effect,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17
NOTICE TO BIDDERS

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That the Board of Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada,will receive bids for furnishing
all labor, materials, transportation and services for improvements of proposed Assessment District No. 200-17,
more fully described in the plans and specifications of said District, as created by Emergency Ordinance No.

666 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved on the 21st day of September, 1955, each bid to
be in accordance with the plans, specifications, and other contract documents now on file with the City Clerk
at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids, a sworn statement of their
financial responsibility, technical ability and experience. Such sworn statement may be required to be fur-
nished before award is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada;
shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's check or bid bond for five per cent (5%) of the amount of
the bid, made payable to the order of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be sealed and filed with the Board
of Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada on or before the 21st day of December, 1955, at 8.00
P.M., and will be opened and publicly read aloud at or about 8.00 P.M. of that day in the Council Chambers.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the bidder will enter into the
contract if awarded to him and will be declared forfeited if the successful bidder refuses to enter into said
contract after being requested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves the right to reject any or
all bids or waive any informality in a bid.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of ninety (90) days after the date set for the opening thereof.

DATED:	November 10, 1955	/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.