OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1930.

AT A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners, Smith and German, together with the City Attorney,
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

"An Ordinance to fix, impose and collect a license tax on hawkers and peddlers in the
City of Las Vegas; to provide for the issuance of permits for conducting said business; to
define the duties of certain officers in connection therewith; to fix a penalty for the
violation thereof; to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith
and other matters relating there to; " was read to the Board for a second time and passed
by the following vote: Commissioners German and Smith, and Hid Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse
voting Aye. Noes None. Same was ordered published for one week three issues in the Las Vegas
Age a tri-weekly news paper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Smith was granted a thirty day leave of absence.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until the 8th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 8th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 8th day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, and Commissioner Smith.

On motion of Commissioners Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, it was moved
seconded and carried that Commissioner German act as chairman of the meeting.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the Board take a recess until three P.M. July 10th, 1930.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 10th day of July, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Minutes of the meetings held on the 24th, 27th, and 30th of June, and 1st, and 3rd,
read and approved as read.

Upon subjestion of Commissioner German it was ordered that a joint meeting with
the County Board of Commissioners be arranged for to discuss the request that the City Board
give up the office of the City Clerk in County Commissioners room in the County Court House.

A communication from the Chamber of Commerce relative to duplication in names of
streets was read and ordered filed. Directed that the Clerk with the assistance of the City
Attorney write the Chamber of Commerce relative to the suggestion made, and suggest the same
be taken up with the legislature and get a method of procedure for change of names of streets.