construction of a concrete building upon the Cemetery ground in said City, whereupon it was found
that the following bids had been filed towit:- J.A. Delemeter in the sum of ($625.00) Six hundred
and twenty five dollars, and Geo. Swadner in the sum of $(574.50) Five hundred and seventy four
dollars and fifty cents, as per plans and specifications on file with the Clerk of this Board
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that the bid of Geo.
Swadner be and the same is hereby accepted in the sum of ($574.50) his bid being found satisfactory
to said Board, it was further ordered by the Board that the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed
to draw contract with said Geo. Swadner on behalf of said City setting forth the fact that said
building must be completed within sixty days from date, and that he said Geo. Swadner be required
to furnish a bond in the sum of fifty per cent of said contract for the completion of said building.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of declaring a clean up day for the City coming on before the Board it was upon
motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that
a certain day be and the same is hereby set aside for clean up day in said City and that the Mayor
be and is hereby instructed to issue proclamation to that effect said date and day be be determined
upon by the City Attorney of said City, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Police Commissioner E.E. Smith filed a report of City Marshall John Fagan where
in certain charges were made against one C.A. Haller, a retail liquor Dealer within the City of
Las Vegas, charging said C.A. Haller of violating Ordinance No. 33 and more particularly charging
said Haller of violating said ordinance by keeping his place of business open after closing hours
Whereupon after due consideration of the matter it was upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that the said C.A. Haller be cited to
appear before the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas on the 13th day of April 1915
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. of said day to show cause whi his, the said C.A. Haller, permit to cond-
uct a retail liquor business heretofore granted by the said Board of Commissioners should not be
revised for the alleged violations, and it is further ordered that the Clerk of said City notify
forthwith said C.A. Haller of the above proceedings and serve upon him the said C.A. Haller a
written notice of the time and place of the hearing to be had upon mid charges. the vote being
as follows towit, Commissioners, Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan, Smith and the mayor voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss

and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried order d that this Board stand adjourned
until the 13th day of April at 7:30 P.M. of said. the vote upon said resolution being as follows
to towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Non. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, J.B. Curtiss, E.W. Griffith
P.J. Sullivan, and E.E. Smith Commissioners, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the question of finishing and improving certain streets in the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, and it appearing to the Board that there is not enough money in the street fund
of said City, and that by transferring certain monies from the salary fund of the City that
said City will then be able to finish said work it was upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by Commissioner Smith it is ordered that the sum of One thousand dollars ($1,000,00)
be and the same is hereby transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the Street fund of
said City for the purpose of paying said claims and indebtedness which are to be contracted
on said City street work, and it is further ordered that the said sum of One thousand dollars
so transferred from said Salary fund be transferred back to said Salary fund out of the first
available money legally apportioned or to be apportioned by the City.