REPLAT OF VEGA VERDE
ADDITION

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PETITION - For Vacation of
Certain Alley

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
Garbage Contract

TAXI APPLICATION

This being Boy Scout Day, the following Boy Scouts
acted in the following capacity: Donald Long,

Mayor; Don Gunther, City Attorney; Bert Hall,

City Manager; Leon Taylor, City Clerk; Jim Pico,
Commissioner; William Sorensen, Commissioner; Bob
Jense, Commissioner; and Jimmy Jones, Commissioner.

At this time, a group of colored people appeared
before the Board with a petition requesting certain
improvements on Westside. After considerable
discussion, Mayor E. W. Cragin told them that the
City of Las Vegas would assist them in every way,
insofar as it was legally possible to obtain these
improvements.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve the
replat of Lots 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 and plat of Lot
7 of Block 2, Vega Verde Addition, Las Vegas,

Nevada, and authorized the Mayor and City Clerk,
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of 

December 22 and 28, 1945, and January 2, 7, 11, and
22 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims
numbers 664 to 673 inclusive and 677 in the net
sum of $19,207.02 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that service and material
warrants numbers 674 to 676 and 678 to 679 inclusive
in the sum of $17,581.19 be approved and the mayor
and City clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition signed
by three free holders requesting the vacation of a
portion of the alley lying along the easterly side
of the North-South alley in Block 2, Pioneer Heights
Addition in the City of Las Vegas be forwarded to
the Planning Commissioner for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to sign that certain agreement
between the Housing Authority of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and the City of Las Vegas,
for the collection of garbage.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of
Frank A. Rich for a taxi license be granted, 

provided he meet the requirements of the ordinance.

Further that he operate from a private location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and 

carried by the following voter Commissioners Bates,
Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.