It was City Attorney Cory's opinion this would be a satisfactory
method.

Attorney Rulon Earl explained further that there were two parcels
on 28th Street, one of which had heretofore been purchased outright
by the Housing Authority and about which they were not worried;
however, the Housing Authority had a two year option on the second
parcel - which was a binding option - and, for the purpose of
exchanging land, they would use the appraised figure on that parcel.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, inquired if the Housing Authority had paid
the appraised value when they purchased the land to be traded to the
City, to which Mr. Earl replied in the affirmative and stated the
land to be traded had been appraised by Government appraisers; that
the land on which the Housing Authority had an option (on 28th Street)
had been appraised by the City; that, in exercising the option, the
Housing Authority would pay cash for the 28th Street property but,
for purposes of valuation, would use the appraised figure of the land
to be traded to the City, adding that the Housing Authority would only
trade the land between "N" and Washington to the City if they
received the price they paid for it.

City Attorney Cory stated that the price of the land to be traded by
the Housing Authority to the City would be offset against the land
which the Housing Authority had under option on 28th Street and which
it desired to purchase.

Commissioner Fountain stated they would only trade on appraised values

Mr. Earl replied that it had to be at their cost, dollar for dollar.

City Attorney Cory explained that the Housing Authority's property
(between "N" and Washington) had been appraised by Government
Authorities, the City having made no appraisal on that.

Attorney Rulon Earl stated they had to get their money out of the land
to be transferred; they desired no profit, just their cost figure.

City Attorney Cory remarked that, as part of the resolution, there
should be an instruction to the City Attorney to have an ordinance
prepared for presentation at the next regular meeting of the Commission.

Commissioner Whipple inquired if there shouldn't be a motion to
rezone and then another motion to make the trade. To this Mr. Cory
replied that a motion to rezone would not be effective until the
ordinance had been presented and Commissioner Whipple stated he would
like to have something for the record, to show the Board had accepted
the recommendation of the Planning Commission.

Mr. Earl then remarked they wanted a third resolution to rezone the
Housing Authority property on 28th Street which they had previously
purchased and that a request to that effect had been presented.

It was City Attorney Cory's suggestion that action be taken on one
matter at a time.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the recommendation of the Planning
Commission, with reference to rezoning the property to be acquired
by the City, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp remarked that everyone on the Board was aware of
his position on this matter, referring to the fact that Commissioner
Sharp's firm is the architect for the Housing Authority.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City trade to the Housing Authority the
land under option to the Housing Authority on 28th Street in return
for property between Washington and "N" now owned by the Housing
Authority and that the Government appraisal on the Housing Authority's
property be used as a basis for evaluating the 28th Street property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the land presently owned by the
Housing Authority on 28th Street, designated as Parcel 1, be rezoned
as requested by the Housing Authority and the City Attorney instructed
to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Elwell inquired if there were any protestants to this
rezoning and a member of the Planning Department stated there were two
protests.

2-3-60