

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas. Nevada
City of Las Vegas, June 22nd, 1911.

Per an Act of the Legislature, Approved March 16th, 1911. relative to the incorporation of the
City of Las Vegas. Nevada.

The Newley elected Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, meet in the
Office of the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada, for the orginaztion of said Board.

Present the Hon. Peter Buol. the duly elected Mayor of said City and the following City
Commissioners. towit:-

W.J. Stewart Commissioner of the First Class.

Ed. Von Tobel Commissioner of the second Class.

Chas M. McGovern commissioner of the Third Class.

J.J. Coughlin Commissioner of the Fourth Class.

Mayor Boul then called the roll and all members answered present. The question of Clerk
protem coming on before the said Board, it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that
Ed. Von Tobel be appointed as Clerk protem.

Mayor Boul, Commissioner W.J. Stewart, Ed Von Tobel, Chas M. McGovern, and J.J. Coughlin
having presented there official Bonds and the same having been approved by the Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners as by law provided, the newley elected Board of City Commissioners
then proceeded to transact the business before the aforesaid Board.

The question of appointing of a municipal Judge for the City of Las Vegas, coming before
the Board the Clerk was asked to read all application presented for said office, the Clerk then
proceeded to read the application of H.M. Lillis, and G.A. Case for the office of Municipal
Judge, Chas M. McGovern plased the name of G.A. Case in nomination for the office of Judge, Ed
Von Tobel placed the name of H.M. Lillis in nomination, the nomination having been closed the
Board then proceeded to vote upon the same, G.A. Case having received the highest number of
votes for said office it was upon motion made and duly carried ordered that the Clerk protem
cast the vote for G.A. Case as Municipal Judge, the same having carried G.A. Case was declared
the duly appointed Munucipial Judge for the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

The question of the appointement of a City Clerk coming on before the Board, Then Clerk
protem read applications from Joe E. Swift, and Harley A. Harmon, Vote taken as follows towit-
 Coughlin, Stewart, and Mc Govern, voting for Harley A. Harmon, Von Tobel and Mayor Boul casting
there vote for J.E. Swift, Thereafter the Mayor declared the election of Harley A. Harmon, to the
office of City Clerk, for the City of Las Vegas.

At this time it was upon motion of Chas McGovern seconded by J.J. Coughlin that the
Newley elected City Clerk, take his seat and officiate as such Clerk motion carried.

The question of the appointement of a City Attorney coming on before the Board for con-
sideration, Mayor Boul placed in nomination the name of Richard Busteed, for the office of City
Attorney, there being no further nominations before the Board it was upon motion of Chas Mc Gov-
ern seconded by Boul that the office of nominations be closed for the office of City Attorney 

and theat Richard Busteed be declared the City Attorney for the City of Las Vegas, and the same
was duly carried.

The question of Salary for the office of City Clerk, City Attorney, and Municipal Judge
coming on before the Board for consideration it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by
McGovern and duly carried, ordered that the salarys of the above named offices be fixed as foll-
ows towit. 

	Municipal Judge, Salary $25.00 dollars per month.

City Clerk, Salary $25.00 dollars per month.

City Attorney Salary $25.00 dollars per month.
The question of Bonds for the various City officials coming on before the Board it was
after due consideration upon the part of the Biard, ordered that the Bonds be fixed as follows
towit:- 

The Bond of the Municipal judge One thousand dollars.

The Bond of the City Clerk Twenty five hundred dollars.

The Bond of the City Attorney One thousand dollars. and further that the aforesaid appoi-
ntive officers must file there bonds with the Board of City Commissioners on or before the 5th, day
of July 1911. with the Clerk of this Board fothe approval of the aforesaid Board.

At this time the Mayor announced the following appoimtements towit- Chas M. McGovern app-
ointed to the office of Police and Fire commissioner , W.J. Stewart appointed to the office of
Commissioner of Streets and Public property. J.J. Coughlin appointed to the office Finiance and
revenue Commissioner.

The question of Mayor protem coming on before the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and
seconded by Coughlin that Ed. VonTobel be elected to the offlce of Mayor protem, there being no
descending vote ED. Von Tobel was declared elected to the office of mayor protem.

The question of a second Mayor protem to act in the place of the Mayor and Mayor protem in
their absence coming on before the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel
that W.J. Stewart be elected to the office of second Mayor protem there be no dessending vote W.J.
was duly elected to the office of second Mayor protem.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Chas M. McGovern announced to the Board that he
had engaged N. Mitchell for the office of Night Police for the City of Las Vegas, and recomded that
his Salary be fixed at $115.00 dollars per month. upon second of J.J. Coughlin it was duly carried
and ordered and passed that the Salary of said Night Police be fixed at $115.00 dollars per month.

Upon motion Coughlin seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that the Board of City



Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do meet on the first Wednesday at eight O'clock P.M. on each
and every month.

Upon notion of $$$$$$$$ Stewart and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried it was ordered
that the Clerk and Commissioner of Finiance be impowered to purchase any and all supplies for
the conducting of the business of the City.

At this time the Mayor appointed Commissioners Von Tobel Coughlin and Stweart to inquire
into ways and means for procuring funds and finiances for the running of the City Goverment, and
that they make report at the next regular meeting of the said Board.

The question of property belonging to the City of Las Vegas now in the hands of Clark
County coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel seconded by Stewart and duly
carried ordered that a written request be made upon the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County requesting there officers to turn over any and all property in their hands belonging to
the City of Las Vegas.

It was upon motion of Von Tobel seconded by McGovern and duly carried that all appointive
office of the City of Las Vegas will take effect and date from the first day of July 1911.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and
seconded by McGovern and duly carried it was ordered that the Board adjurne untill the first
Wednesady in July to meet at 8 o'clock P.M. 1911. at the office of the City Clerk.
Office of the City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 5th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners sitting in and for the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, present Hon. Ed Von Tobel Mayor protem, Commissioners Chas M. McGovern,

Commissioner W.J. Stewart, and Commissioner J.J. Coughlin, and Clerk of the Board.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

The City Clerk having presented his official Bond for the sum of $2500. 00 with
Harry R. Beale and J.J. Lefurgey as sureties, for the same it was upon motion duly made and
carried ordered approved.

The City Attorney having presented his official Bond for the amount of One thousand
dollars with M.C. Thomas and W.D. Worrell as sureties the same was upon motion duly made and
carried aproved.

The Munucipial Judge having presented his official Bond in the sum of One thousand
Roy W. Martin J.H. Ladd.

dollars, with $$$$$$$$$ and $$$$$$$$$$$ as sureties it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the same be approved.

The $$$$ Night and Police N. Mitchell having presented his official Bond in the

sum of One thousand dollars with C.P. Ball and W.E. Hawkins as sureties it was upon motion
duly made and carried ordered that the same be approved and placed on file.

The Commettie as appointed by the Mayor at the last regular meeting of the Board
to devise ways and means for the rasing of funds for the City, presented the following towit:- 
 "we your commettie on finiaces as appointed by our Hon. Mayor at the last regular meeting of
said Board, do find the following that it is necessary to levy a special license tax covering
all business, callings, avocations, in said City and do recememd the following ordances and further
that this Board adopte the same at at once as per section 30 chapter 11, of an Act Approved
March 16,1911. entitled "An Act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and
defening the bundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City goverement therefor,
and other matters relating thereto."

The Clerk then proceeded to read the following before the Board towit:-

Ordance No. 1.

An ordance fixing the licenses on Divers Businesses and Occupations pursued in Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissionees of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

Sec. 1. that each and every person, firm or corporation who shall engagen on or
follow any of the herein after mentioned businesses, callings avocations or occupations in the
City of Las Vegas, shall as a condition precedent to the doing of any business or pursuing such
calling, avocation occupation or business, pay to the City treasurer as a license fee for such
privilage the amount set immediately following the designation of the variuos businesses,
occppations, avocations and callings hereinafter set forth, and such sums of money shall be paid
quarterly in advance, and for the purpose of the collection and payement of such licensee and
tax each year is divided into four quarters years, the first quarter year beginning January first
the second quarter beginning April first , the third quarter beginning July first, the fourth
quarter beginning October first, and each of such quarters year shall expire on the day preceding
the beginning of the next following quarter year, and no license shall be issued or granted for a
less peroid of time than one quarter year, and all licnses shall expire on the last day of the
quarter wherein they are issued.

Section, 2, The occupations , avocations, callings and bsinesses hereby taxed and

licensed and the rates of licenses and taxation are as follows, viz.

	For each and every grocery store $5.00 per quarter

For each general merchandise and gnts furnishing store $5.00 per quarter.

For each second store $5.00 per quarter.
For each Hotel $5.00 per quarter.

For each jewelery store and watch repairing establishment $3.25 Per quarter.

For each rooming house, capable of entertaining four or more guests. $2.50 per quarter.

For each restaurant $2.50	

For each confectionery or cigar store or cigar and confectionery store. $3.25 per quarter.

For each steam or power Laundry $5.00 per quarter.

For each livery stable, $5.00 per quarter 

For each lumber yard, $5.00 per quarter

For each dealer or firm of dealers in real estate, $5.00 per quarter

For each butcher shop or meat market, $5.00 per quarter

For each shoemaker or cobbler shop, $2.50 per quarter

For each dealer in wood or fuel, $3.25 per quarter

For each drug store, $5.00 per quarter

For each plumber or plumbing shop, $5.00 per quarter

For each tin-shop, operator as a separate enterprise, $5.00 per quarter

For each paint store, $3.25 per quarter

For each general repaid shop, $5.00 per quarter	

For each newspaper and job printing establishment, $5.00 per quarter

For each dealer in ice, $10.00 per quarter

For each insurance agent and solicitor, $5.00 per quarter

For each surveyor, assayer or civil engineer, $5.00 per quarter

For each shooting gallery, $5.00 per quarter

For each bakery, $5.00 per quarter

For each ice cream parlor, $3.25 per quarter

For each barber shop, $7.50 per quarter

For each photographer, $3.25 per quarter

For each blacksmith shop, $3.25 per quarter

For each tailor and claening shop, $3.25 per quarter

For each millinery establishment, $3.25 per quarter

For each banker or broker, $7.50 per quarter

For each manufacturer of soda water, $5.00 per quarter

For each patent medicine agency, $5.00 per quarter

For each wholesale liquor house, $10.00 per quarter

For each dray and espress-wagon, $5.00 per quarter

For each building and loan association or agent thereof, $10.00 per quarter

For each fruit and lemonade stand, $3.25 per quarter

For each boot and shoe store, $3.25 per quarter

For each undertaking establishment, $7.50 per quarter

For each theatre or moving picture show, $7.50 per quarter

For each boot-black stand occupying street or sidewalk space, $2.50 per quarter

For each trade or merchandise paying slot machine, $15.00 per quarter	

For each pleasure resort or swimming-pool, $5.00 per quarter

For each lawyer or firm of lawyers, $5.00 per quarter

For each doctor or firm of doctors, $5.00 per quarter

For each dentist or firm of dentists, $5.00 per quarter

For each electrician, $3.25 per quarter

Sec. 3 Every person or firm of persons who shall engage in or allow any of the above mentioned
businesses, avocations, callings or occupations within the City of Las Vegas, without first
having procured and obtained from said city, the license so to do, shall be fined in the
sum not exceeding Fifty dollars, and shall be imprisoned in the city jail one day for each
two dollars of such fine, until such fine be paid, and the judge of the municipal court of the City of Las Vegas shall have jurisdictions of all acts and proceedings for the violation hereof. The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unanimousaly by all
of the Board present this ordance was intriduced and passed as an emergancy ordance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the
Board it was on motion of Commissioner Coughlin, seconded by Commissioner McGovern and duly
carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the clerk instructed to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel, Mayor
protem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart aye; McGovern, aye;
ORDINANCE No. 2

AN ORDINANCE FIXING A LICENSE TO BE PAID TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS FOR THE PRIVELEGE OF OWNING
AND OPERATING, BOWLING ALLEYS, BILLIARDS AND POOL TABLES.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

Sec.l. That each and every bowling alley owned or operated in said City of Las Vegas
shall first pay or cause to be paid to the said city a license fee of five dollars per quar-
ter year for so doing.

Sec.2, Each and every pool table and billiard table owned, operated for pay or profit
in such city, shall pay a lecense fee of two dollars and fifty cents per quarter year for
so doing.

Any person, firm or corporation who shall own or operate in the said City of Las Vegas,
any such bowling alley or billiard or pool table without first paying such license fee above
provided for, shall be fined in any sum less than one hundred dollars and the judge of the
municipal court of the City of Las Vegas shall have jurisdiction of all cases brought to en-
force this ordinance. The necessary appearing and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unaminousaly by all the members present this ordance was introduced and passed as an emergancy ordance.

: The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the

Board it was on motion of commissioner Stewart, seconded by commissioner Coughlin and duly
carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the clerk instructed
to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel,
mayor protem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

The Board of Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Each and every saloon, barroom or place where malt, spirituous, vinous or intoxicating
liquors are sold or dispensed in quantities less that of five gallons shall before engaging in
such business pay to the city treasurer of Las Vegas, a license of thirty dollars for each
and every period of three months or portion thereof which such business is conducted.

Such license shall be due and payable and paid on the first days of January, April, July and
October of each year for the period of three months or quarter year immediately following and
such license shall expire on the last days of March, June, September and December, respect-
ively, immediately following its date of issuance. No license shall be issued for a less
period of time that of the quarter wherein such license is paid. And any person who shall en-
gage in any such business or who shall sell or give away any such malt, spirituous, vinous
or intoxicating liquors without first having procured the issuance to him, her or them the
license above mentioned, shall be fined in any sum not more than three hundred dollars as
the judge of the municipal court of the City of Las Vegas may adjudge and be imprisoned in
the City Jail of said City until such fine is paid, computing one day's imprisonment as

equivalent to the payment of $2.00 of such fine. The necessity appearing before the Board upon
motion duly made and carried unamimousaly this ordance was passed as an emergamcy ordance,

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the

Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Coughlin, seconded by commissioner McGovern and duly

carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed to

have the same published as by law provided. The vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel,

ORDINANCE No.3

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF SALOONS, BARROOMS AND PLACES WHERE INTOXICATING

LIQUORS ARE SOLD.
ORDINANCE NO. 4

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF TELEPHONE, TELEGRAPH AND ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANIES
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

Each and every telephone company, telegraph company and electric light company doing
business in the City of Las Vegas shall as a condition precedent to the doing of any such
business pay to the treasurer of said City the sum of ten dollars on the first day of January, April, 

July and October as a license fee for the doing of such business for the quarter year
next immediately following such payment; provided that no license shall be issued for a pe-
riod of time less than a quarter year expiring on the last day of March June, September and
December.

And person, firm or corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall	

be subject to a penalty of not more than three hundred dollars to be recovered in an appro-
priate action before the Judge of the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas. The necessity appearing
it was voted unanimousaly by all members that this ordance be passed as an emergancy ordance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by
the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin,
and duly carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk in-
structed to have the same published as by law provided. The vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel, Mayor protem aye; Coughlin aye; Stewart aye; McGovern aye.

ORDINANCE NO. 5

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT STOCK RUNNING AT LARGE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Sec. 1. It shall be unlawful to allow or permit any meat cattle, horses, mules, don-
keys, burros, sheep, goats, geese, ducks, turkeys or hens or chickens to run at large within
the limits of the city of Las Vegas.

Sec. 2. Any stock or fowls found running at large in said city shall be taken into the
custody of the Chief of Police and when so taken up shall be kept, fed and cared for at the
expense of the owner, and such owner shall before taking the same sway, pay the said officer
the reasonable charges for keeping, caring for and feeding such impounded animals and stock
or poultry and the further sum of one dollar per head for taking the same in charge.

Sec. 3 The Chief of Police having in charge after they have been impounded any stock

or poultry which has been found running at large in said City shall within twenty-four hourss

after taking up and impounding the same, post in three public and conspicuous places, notices

describing such animals or poultry, giving marks and brands if any there by and stating that

such stock or poultry so described is in his custody and charge and if not taken out by

the owner or owners or agent for such owner or other person having charge thereof by paying

the charges thereon will be sold at public auction at the front door of the City Jail in

said City to the highest bidder and such notice shall be posted at least ten days prior to

such sale, and out of the proceeds of such sale, the said officer shall deduct the cost of

impounding and keeping said stock and poultry together with all accruing costs and charges

and pay the remainder if any into the treasurer of the City of Las Vegas. The necessity appearing it
was upon motion duly made and carried orded that this ordance be passed as an emergancy ordance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the
Board it was upon motion of commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughly, and duly
carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the clerk instructed
to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel,

Mayor protem aye; Coughlin aye; Stewart aye; McGovern aye.
ORDINANCE No.6

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE USE OF PROFANE, VILE OR OBSCENE LANGUAGE ON THE STREETS OR OTHER PUBLIC PLACES IN LAS VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Sec. 1. The use of profane, vile or obscene language or words upon the public streets,
alleys or highways of the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited.

Sec. 2. Immodest, Improper or indecent behavior upon any public street or highway, or
in any store, hotel, saloon or other public place within said city of Las Vegas, is hereby
prohibited.

Sec.3 Any person violating either of the foregoing sections of this ordinance shall

be punished by a fine not exceeding three hundred ($300.00) dollars or imprisoned not more

	than one hundred and fifty days or by both such fine and improsonment. The necessity appearing and

it being duly moved and sec, and voted unamimousaly this ordance was introduced and passed as an
emerigancy ordance The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the

Board, it was upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Stewart and duly

carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read and the Clerk instructed to

have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel, Mayor

protem aye; Coughlin aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

ORDINANCE No.7

AN ORDINANCE FOR THE PREVENTION OF NUISANCES

The Board of Commissions of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Sec. 1. It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to maintain a nuisance within
the limits of said City.

Sec. 2 A nuisance within the meaning of this ordinance is hereby defined as follows, to-wit:

A. Any manure pile, offal, hog pen, carcass, or dead animal remaining unremoved beyond the
limits of said City for more than twelve hours after death of such animal, any decayed meat,
fruit or vegetables.

B.	Any cesspool, privy, water closet or any other receptacle whatsoever for human excrement
which is in an overflowing, foul or filthy condition, or any foul or filthy drain or sewer
pipe.

C.	Every act or thing done or every condition created, committed or allowed on any property
that is detrimental to the public health, safety, morals or convenience.

Sec. 2 Any person whether owner or occupany or the agent of any owner or occupany, or
any corporation or officer, agent or servant of such corporation that shall create, maintain
allow or permit upon any property, any nuisance enumerated in sub-sections A, B and C of
section 1 of this ordinance shall be punished by a fine not exceeding three hundred (§300.00)
Dollars or by improsonment not exceeding one hundred and fifty days or by both such fine and
improsonment.

Sec.3 It is hereby made the duty of the Chief of Police of said City of Las Vegas to
notify in writing any person whether owner, occupant or agent of any such owner or occupant
and the agents, servants and officers of any corporation which may be the owners or occupants
of such property forthwith to abate such nuisance within forty-eight hours after being served
with such notice and in event of a failure so to do, such party so served with such notice
becomes and is guilty of a violation of this ordinance and shall be fined in any sum not ex-
ceeding three hundred (§300.00) dollars or imprisoned for any term not exceeding one hundred
and fifty days or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each day that any such nuisance is
permitted, suffered or maintained after notice to abate the same as provided in this ordinance
shall and does constitute an additional offence, provided that the Chief of police may pro-
ceed t0 abate such nuisance at any time after the expiration of the period of notice above
provided for and the cost of such abatement shall be a charge against the person owning or
occupying the premises where such nuisance is maintained, to be recovered by action brought therefore in any court of competent jurisdiction. It necessary appearing and it being duly moved and
seconded and voted unanimousaly by all of the Board present this ordance was passed as an emergancy ordance The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the
Board it was upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Stewart and duly
carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to
have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel, Mayor
protem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GROSS INTOXICATION IN PUBLIC PLACES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Gross intoxication upon the public streets, or in hotels, saloons, stores or other pub-
lic places in the City of Las Vegas is hereby prohibited and any person found upon any public
street in said City or in any public place therein in a state of gross intoxication shall be
guilty of a violation of this ordinance, and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a
fine not exceeding one hundred ($100.00) dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding six months
or by both such fine and imprisonment; and in case of default in the payment of any fine im-
posed for a violation of this ordinance it is hereby provided that the person upon whom such
fine shall be imposed shall be imprisoned for one day for each two ($2.00) dollars of such
fine and provided further that any person imprisoned for a violation of the provisions of
this ordinance may be compelled to work upon any public work in said City and whenever advis-
able a chain gang may be formed and worked. It necessary appearing and it being duly moved and duly
carried unamlnousaly carred by all present that this ordance be an emergancy ordance.

The foregoing ordinance was read in full to the Board. After due consideration by the

Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart, seconded by Commissioner McGovern and duly
carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed
to have the same published as by law provided, the vote being east as follows: VonTobel Mayor
protem aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

ORDINANCE No. 8

ORDINANCE No. 9

AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR THE RINGING OF A CURFEW BELL

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

It is hereby made the duty of the Chief of Police to provide that a curfew bell shall be
rung at 9:00 o'clock p. m. each and every day between June 1st, and September 1st, of each
year and at 8:00 o'clock p.m. of each and every day of the year other than those above men-
tioned, and upon the ringing thereof all children under the age of sixteen years shall be and remain off from the public streets of said city. The necessity appearing and it being duly moved and
seconded and voted unanimousaly by all members present this ordance was passed as an emergancey ordance

The foregoing ordinance was read in full before the Board. After due consideration by
the Board it was on motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin, and duly carried, ordered that the foregoing ordinance be adopted as read, and the Clerk instructed to


have the same published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows: Von Tobel,
Mayor protem, aye; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye.

The question having the foregoing ordances printed as by law provided, it was upon motion
of Commissioner Coughlin, and seconded Stewart that the City Clerk be instructed to let the
printing of City ordances to the lowest Bidder. carried. vote cast Von Tobel Mayor protem, aye.
Coughlin, aye , Stewart aye, McGovern aye, .

The question setting aside a sum of money for the street Commissioner for work upon the
streets of the City of Las vegas coming on before the Board, it was upon motion of Stewart and
seconded by Mc Govern that the sum of $250.00 be set aside for the use of the Commissioner of
streets for said City, the same being put to a vote resulted as follows towit:- Stewart aye ,
Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, Von Tobel Mayor protem aye,

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner McGovern reported to the Board that the County
Commissioners of the County of Clark, would feed house and care for the City prisioners of the
City of Las vegas, for the sum of fifty cents per day, the same to constute two meals per day
at the rate of twenty five cents. a meal. It was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by McGovern and duly carried that the Board of City Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, do
accept the term of the County Commissioner of Clark County. for the feeding and houseing and
careing of all City prisioners. vote cast as follows. Stewrt aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye,
Von Tobel, Mayor protem aye.

The question of fire protection for said City coming on before the Board, it was upon

motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart, and duly carried that there be two hose Compies

organized to be know as hose Company No. 1. and hose Company No. 2. to be composed of ten men
each, including a captian, and nine men. an further that each hose company shall hold a
meeting each and every month, at the fire house of the respective companies. and for such service
rendered that the Captains of said Company will reseive fornsuch services the sum of two doll-
ars for each meeting each month, and the other member of the team to receive the sum of one
dollars each for such meeting attended, but that no sum or part of said money will be paid
to any member of said teams unless in actual attendance at said meeting, and appear upon the
roll of said Secretary of said company as being the e in person, and further that for each and
every fire attended the Captain shall receive the sum of $3.00 and the other members of the

team the sum of $2.00, but in no instance will any moneys be paid to any member of the aforesaid teams when they are not in actual attendance at slid fire, And be it further resolved that the

sum of five dollars will be paid to any one in said City with a team or horsen or conveance

of any kind who shall haul any one of the aforesaid hose carts to any fire shall receive the sum
of five dollars. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart Aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye,
Von Tobel. Mayor protem aye.

The question of fire protection for the school building coming on before the Board, it
was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Fire commissioner be instructed to see
the Las vegas Land and water Company, relative to the fire protection of said building in the
way of installing hydrants in and around said building.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded
by Coughlin, and duly carried ordered that the Board adjurne untill the next regular meeting to be held, August 2nd, A.D. 1911.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

August 2nd, 8'oclock P.M. 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
August 2nd, A.D. 1911. at 8'oclock P.M. present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, Stewart Commissioner
of the First Classs, and commissioners Von Tobel, Mc Govern, and Coughlin.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City ware then presented before the Board for there consideration
and allowed per claim Book.

The question of holding an election to vote upon Sewerage Bonds coming on before the Board
The following resoluation was read before the Board in full.

" Whereas, It is the opinion of the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County , Nevada, that there is at the present time great and urgent need for the establishment
and constructlon of system of sewerage in said City, and,

Whereas, the preservation of the public health demands the establushment of such sewer
system, and whereas,: It is the opinion of such Board of City commissioners that the sum of
$40,000,00. will serve to construct and establish a adequate system of sewerage in said City,

Now , Therefore: Be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas,
that due notice be given of an election hereby called to be held in the said City of Las Vegas
on the 30th, day of August, 1911. and that at such election there be submitted to the electors
of such City the Question" Shall the City of Las Vegas issue "Las Vegas sewerage Bonds" in the
sum of $40,000,00. for the purpose of providing and creating a fund for the construction and
establishment of an adquate system of sewerage in to said city of Las Vegas" and further.

Be it resloved that such notice be given to the public by advertising in the newspapers comm-
only known and called the Clark County Review, and the Las Vegas Age both printed and published
at Las Vegas, said county and State, and posting the said notice in three public places in said
City at least three weeks prior to the day of holding such election.

Read the first time August 2nd, 1911.





Passed and adopted by the following vote viz:- on this 2nd, day of August l9ll.
Commissioner Von Tobel voting aye. Commissioner McGovern voting aye, Commissioners
Coughlin voting aye, His Honor the Mayor voting , aye, And by virtue thereof the said resolution is adopted and carried, And it is so recorded.

The question of purchansing land for sewerage tank, out fall and sewerage farm forsaid
City Coming on before the Board, it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel, and
duly carried by the Board that a commettie be appointed to consist of His Hon, the Mayor ,
Commissioners $$$$$$$$ Von Tobel and Stewart, with authority to take options on land for sewerage farm, sepctictank, and aout fall for said sewerage system to be installed in said
City of Las Vegas. the vote being being cast as follows towit:- Commissioner Stewart aye.
Commissioner Coughlin, aye, commissioner Von Tobel, aye, Commissioner McGovern aye, His Hon.
the Mayor , Peter Buol, voting aye,

Ater due consideration upon the part of the Board the following resolution adopted by the
Board, "Opon motion of Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Commissioner Von Tobel, and duly
carried, "whereas be it resolved that we as a Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of

Las Vegas, do reconsider and rescind that part of these minutes relative to the Bond election
for a sewerage system innand for said City." the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Las vegas, Nevada, August 5th, 1911.

Office ofthe City Clerk,

At a regular meeting held pursuant to adjurment, ofthe City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada.
present Hon. Ed Von Tobel, Mayor protem, Commissioner McGovern and Stewart. and City Clerk.

All claims allowed per claim book.

Then question of sewerage coming on before the Board, for consideration and after due deliberat-
ion upon the part of the Board, it was upon Motion of McGovern and seconded $$$$$$$$$$ Stewart

and duly carried ordered that Commissioners Stewart and Coughlin, be appointed as a committie
to investigate other Cities relative to the sewerage system that in there opinion would be
of a benefit to the City of Las Vegas, and they to make report of there invlstagitlon at the
next regular meeting of said Board to be held on the first Wednesday in Sept, 1911. and further
that they acting as such commettnie will receive there actual expences forsuch work rendered
said City, to be paid as other claims against the City are paid. . the vote being cast as follows
Stewart , aye, Mc Govern , aye, Von Tobel , Mayor protem , aye,

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Mc Govern and
secondd by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Board adjurne untill the next regular
meeting to be held in Sept. 1911. Vote cast as follows , McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von
Tobel Mayor, protem, aye,

Commissioner Coughlin Voting, aye, Commissioner Stewart, voting aye, Commissioner McGovern
voting aye, and Commissioner Von Tobel voting , aye, and his Hon, the Mayor Peter Buol, voting
aye, .

It was then upon motion of Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Commissioner Stewart,
and duly carried ordered that the Board of City Commissioner sitting innand for the City of
Las Vegas, do adjurne untill Saturday August 5th, at 8 o'clock P.M. 1911. the vote be cast as
follows towlt:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye, von Tobel, aye, and the Mayor
voting , aye, 
Office of the Ct. Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

September 6th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held September
6th, 1911. Meeting called to order at 8,0'clock P.M. by his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, roll
called present W.J. Stewart, J.J. Coughlin, Ed Von Tobel, and McGovern.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read,

Reports of the City License Collector, and City Treasurer read an approved as read.

It was then upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Commissioners Coughlin, ordered

and duly carried that the City Attorney be instructed to proceed against Al James propertier

of the Arizonla, and T.J. Dolphmeier propertor of the Nevada Barbar Shop the collection 

of there City Licenses duethe City of Las Vegas, Coughlin, Aye, Stweart, Aye, McGovern, Aye,

Von Tobel, Aye, and his Honor the Mayor Aye,.

All calims allowed per claim Book.

At this time Commissioner McGovern presented a request before theBoard for supplies
for the City Fire Departement, It was then upon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Stewart
ordered that that Fire Commissioner be istructed to order the following supplies towit:-
 Four hundred feet of fire hose, Half dozen Gaskets, Two lanterns, Half dozen Rubber coats, Half Doz Bushings. Vote being cast as follows towit:- Stweart, Aye, Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel
Aye, McGovern, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Aye.

At this time Commissioners Stewart and Coughlin the Commettie appointed by the Board
at there last regular meeting to investigate and estemiate the probable cost of a sewerage
system for the City of Las Vegas, made the following report towit:- " To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Genteleman, We your Commettie appointed
by your Hon. Board at your last regular meeting held August 5th, 1911. to investigate and
make a report of on the estimated cost on the contiplated sewer system , beg leave to
report that we have invlstageted said matter and find that $40,000 will be our estimated cosst
of said sewer system. Resp. Submitted. J.J. Coughlin, and W.J. Stewart.

It was then upon motion duly made and carried Motion by Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel that the report of said commettie be accepted and approved the vote being cast as follows
Coughlin aye, Von Tobel, aye, Me Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, His Honor the Mayor Peter Buol.
aye.

The question of sewerage coming on before the Board, and the commettie appointed by the
Board at its last regular meeting having presented there report $$$$$$ on the estamated cost of said sewerage system, all of which is now on file in the office of the City Clerk, of the
City of Las Vegas, and the same being an estimated cost of $40,000 dollars which said report
was read and accepted and unuaminousaly approved, It was then upon motion of Mc Govern and
seconded by Von Tobel, and duly carried that the following ordance which was read twice and
unauaminousaly carried all Commissioners being present be entered in full upon the minutes.
the vote being cast as follows, towit:- Coughlin aye, Von Tobel. aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart
aye, His Honor the Mayor Pater Buol. aye.

" An ordance tp provided for the installation of a sewer system in Las Vegas, Nevada, and to
provide for issuing of bonds of aid City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the purpose of raising money
necessary for such enterprise. " The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
do ordain:" That Whereas: It is the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada
that the sanitary conditions of said City present a great and urgent need for the esteblishment
of an adquate system of sewerage in said City, and Whereas: It is the opinion of the said Board of Commissioners that $40,000 will serve to construct and install a presently adquate
system of sewerage in said City:      1: Therefore: Be it ordained by said Board of  that due notice be given of an election to beheld in said City of Las Vegas, which
election is hereby called to be held in said City on the 10th, day of October, 1911. and that
at such election there be submitted to the electors of said City the question "Shall the City
of Las Vegas, issue "Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds'' in the sum of $40,000,00 for the purpose of
installing and establishing an adquite system of sewerage in said City" Said Bonds to bear interest at the rate of 6per cent per annum from the date thereof.

#2: That the said City of Las Vegas hereby propeses to build, establish and istall and adquate system of sewerage on said City, and the estimated cost therefore selected and delegated by
said City Commissioners to ascertain such cost , will be approximately $40,000,00 . 

#3, That it is proposed by the said city Commissioners of Las Vegas , Nevada, to incure
and create a bonded indebtedness of not to exceeed $40,000.00 to provide a fund for the building
establishment and istallatlon of such adquate system of sewerage, such bonds to be in denomin-
ations of $1,000.00 each and to bear annual interest at the rate of 6% per cent per annum, payable
semi-annually, and said bonds to be numbered consectuively from No. 1. to No. 40, inclusive, and to become payable as follows, that is to say:numbers l to 4 to become due on or before 10 years
before 10 years after the date therefore, number 5to 8 to become due on or before 11 years
after the date thereof, number 9 to 12 to become due on or before 12 years after the date thereof,
Numbers 13 to 16 to become due on or before 13 years after the date thereof, numbers 17 to 20
to become due on or before 14 years after the date thereof, numbers 21 to 24 to become due on
or before 15 years after the date thereof, numbers 25 to 28 thereof, to become due on or before
16 years after the date thereof, numbers 29 to 32 to become due on or before 17 years after the
date thereof, numbers 33 to 36 to become due on or before 18 years after the date thereof,
and numbers 37 to 40 shall become due on or before 19 years after the date thereof,

And each of the said bonds shall bear $$$$$$$$ upon the face thereof, the solem promis
and agreement of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to pay to the holder thereof, the sum of $1,000,00
in gold coin of the United States of America of the present standard of weight and fineness ,
together with interst thereon, as herein before provided,

Such bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of said City and attested and countersigned by
the City Clerk therefore over the seal of said City, and shall have attached and appended thereto
interest Coupons which shall be the promises of said City of Las Vegas, to pay the amount the rein
specified in gold coin of the present standard of weight and fineness, at the semiannual time therein
mentioned.

#4, And to the end that such bonds may be legally be made, executed and issued by he said
City of Las Vegas, the said City Commissioners thereof does hereby ordain that an election be and
is hereby called to be held in the said City of Las Vegas on the l0th day of October, 1911. and at
such election there shall be submitted to the qualified electors of said City the question
"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue sewer bonds to the sum and extent of $40,000,00 " which question
so to be voted upon shall be placed upon then ballot in the form provided by paragraph 5 of section
31 of Chapter 132 of the statuates of Nevada passed at the session of 1911, and which Chapter
was approved by the Governor on March 16th, 1911.

#5, And be it further ordained: that notice of the holding of such election be given to
the public by advertising the holding thereof in the newspapers commonly known and called the
Las Vegas Age and the Clark County Review, both whereof are published in said City of Las Vegas, for peroid of four weeks, and by poisting thereof in at least three public places, in said City
for at least four weeks prior to the holding of such election, such notices to be so drawn and
drafted that their contents shall advise those who may read them of the time , place and purposes
of holding the election therein specified.

#6. And the Municipal Judge is hereby directed to forthwith open books of registeration and

register all elctors compent and qualified to vote at the elction by this ordance called to be
held and such books of registration agent are to be kept and held open by the municupial judge
3

untill 6'clock P.M. of the llth, day next proceeding the day upon which the election provided for
by this ordinance.

#7, And E.L. Fenner and Geo. Swadner and Jack Tuck, are hereby chosen and designated and
appointed by the said City Commissioners to act as inspectors at such election so called as
aforesaid, and they shall and are hereby authorized as aforesaid, and they shall and are hereby
authorized to elect and appoint two competent and qualified persons to act as Clerks at such election.



Read the first time Sept. 6th, at 9:30 P.M. 1911.

Read the second time Sept. 6th, at 9:40 P.M. 1911. The necessity appearing it was unanimously
 passed and voted that this ordinance shall be an emergency ordinance.

Passed and adopted by the following vote on the question "Shall the foregoing become a

by law and ordinance of the City of Las Vegas."? Commissioners Coughlin voting aye ,

Commissioner Mc Govern voting aye, Commissioners Stewart voting aye. Commissioner voting aye.

Von Tobel, His honor the Mayor voting aye. And by virtue of the aforesaid ordinance and by law

is passed and carried.

The question of issuing a proclamation for said election coming on before the Board the
following was then read before the Board towit:-

"Notice of Election"

For sewerage Bonds for he city of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Whereas: at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at which

the Mayor and all of said Commissioners were present, and a report of Commissioners Stewart and

Coughlin of said Board who have been appointed by said Board to report the estimated cost of a

sewerage system for said City having been read and adopted and in which the cost of said sewerage

was estimated at $40,000,00 it was deemed necessary by said Board to incure indebtedness of

$40,000,00 for and on the part of said City of Las Vegas, by issuing negotiable coupon bonds of

said City for the purpose of applying the proceeds from the sale thereof to the construction of

adequate sewerage system therein, and whereas and ordinance to that effect was regular introduced

read, passed, and approved by the unanimous vote of said Board said ordinance being as above set forth,

And Whereas, the said Board of Commissioners by a motion duly made, seconded, carried, unanimously

and duly entered on the minutes of said meeting ordered that under and by virtue of the authority

invested in them by chapter 132 of the laws of the State of Nevada passed at the 25th, session

of the legislature thereof, and atiMed" An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark

County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishment of a City

Government therefor and other matters relating thereto," and approved March 16th, 1911, the

question of contracting a bonded indebtedness of Forty Thousand dollars for the purpose of constructing

a system of sewerage in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be submitted to the legally qualified electors of said City

 at a special election to be held in said City as provided by said act. That said Bonds bear interest at 6per cent ,

 payable semi-annually and that they be issued in denominations and payable as set forth in the above ordinance.

 Now therfore , in pursuance of he Act above referred to,	notice is hereby given that	a special election of legal

qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held on Tuesday , the 10th, day

of October 1911, at the fire house of said City, situated on second Street in said City for the

purpose of submitting to the legally qualified electors of said City, the question of contracting

such bonded indebtedness as has been deemed necessary by the said Board of Commissioners

as above set forth. That the names of the Inspectors of elections set forth above, and

they are to choose two clerks of said election; that the polls will be open at the polling


place aforesaid during the hours from 8:00 o'clock A.M. to 6:00 o'clock P.M. of said day.
Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	The statutes provide that all male citizens	

of the United States who have resided in the State of Nevada, six months, and in the County



and City thirty days are entitled to vote at said special election The law provides that the ballots
shall have printed thereon , the words" Sewerage Bonds Yes" and "Sewerage Bonds NO" in parrallel
lines, one above the other and that the voter will scratch out the word "Yes" if opposed to the
bonds and the "No" if in favor of there issue.

Peter Buol Mayor, Commissioners j.j. Coughlin, W.J. Stewart, Charles M. Mc Govern, and Ed Von Tobel.
Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

It was then upon mot on of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern order that the City Clerk,
be instructed to see and attend to the posting of notice, printing of ballots and all steps necessary

 to the carrying out of the said election as by law provided, the Vote being cast as follows
Commissioners Coughlin, aye, Stewart, Ed Von Tobel. aye, Mc Govern aye. His Honor the Mayor aye.
Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	'

The question of letting the City printing by contract coming on before the Board it was
upon motion of of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Clerk be
instructed to advertise for sealed Bids on all City printing for the City of Las Vegas, said
contract to be for the life of this Board, The vote being cast as follows towit:- Commissioners
Coughlin aye, Commissioners, Von Tobel, aye, Commissioner Mc Govern aye, and Stewart aye.

His Honor the Mayor voting aye.	Attest Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

At this time Harley Al Harmon City Clerk stated before the Board that he wished to have
premission from the Board for a leave of absence of 20 days. after due consideration upon
the part of the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried
that the City Clerk be granted and leave absence of 20 days, and further that Frank A. Doherty
be and is hereby appointed as Deputy City Clerk, during the absence of City Clerk Harley A. Harmon,
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Von Tobel, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart, aye,



Ordinance No. 10.

The Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:



#1. That every Idle and dissolute person with out visible or known means of living, who has the physical
ability to work, and who does not for the space of five days use full due diligence to seek
employment , nor labor when employment is offered him, also every idle or dissolute person
who roams about the Country from place to place without any lawful business; also every healthy
begger who solicits alms as a business; also every person who makes a practice of going from
house to house begging food, money or other articles , or seeks admission to such houses on
frivolous pretexts for no other apparent motive than to see who may be therein; or to gain an
insight of the premises; also every idler or dissolute person or associate of known thieves
who wanders about the streets at late and unusual hours of the night, or prowls around dark
alleys, by-ways, and other dark and unfrequented places at any hour of the night without any
legitimate business in so doing; also every idler dissolute person who lodges in any barn , shop
shed, outhouse, or place other than that kept for lodging purposes, without the permission
of the owner or person entitled to the possession thereof, also every lewd or dissolute person
male person who lives in or about any house of prostitution or ill-fame, also every lewd and
dissolute female person known as a street walker or common prostitute, who shall upon the public
streets or in or about any public or general resort for men, or in any saloon, barroom or other
place within the sight or hearing of ladies or children, conduct and behave herself in an immodest,

 drunken, indecent, provane or obscene manner, either by action, language or improper
exposure of her person; every common drunkard who is in the habit of lying around the streets,
alleys, saloons, barrooms or other public places in a state of intoxication; also every boy or
male person under the age of 21 years who habitually remains away from his home or place of
residence after the hour of nine o'clock P.M. without some lawful or necessary business or
other imperative duty or other good and sufficient reason or excuse for such absence from home
after such hour for his own amusement or pleasure without any legitimate reason for so doing,
frequents and passes his time in pool-rooms, billiard halls, card rooms, bowling alleys or
saloons or barroom, or without legitimate reason therefor, frequents or loiters around any
den, house or other place of vice, infamy or immorality where thieves or other persons of
ill-repute are known to congregate; or who at any hour of the night prowls about the town and
disturbs the peace and quiet of the neighborhood by loud or unnecessary noise, or committing
petty depredations, tricks or pranks upon the person or property of other people, or by obscene,

 abusive or insulting language or by any act of rowdyism whatever shall disturb or
annoy any passer-by, any lawful assemblage or person or the neighborhood, is a vagrant, and
guilty of vagrancy, and shall upon conviction thereof be punished accordingly.

2. Each and every person convicted under the provisions of this ordinance shall be punished

 by imprisonment in the city jail for any period of time not exceeding sixty days. All
male persons having the physical ability to do so when convicted of violation of this ordinance,
may be required to work upon the streets, public works, buildings and grounds of the said City
of Las Vegas, or of the buildings and ground of Clark County, which may be located within the
said City, and the police, sheriff or other person having such persons in charge while performing

 such work may employ any reasonable, humane and efficient means to prevent such prisoner

 from escaping from custody while being so employed.

4. For each and every days work done by any such person he shall receive credit of
two days time which shall be credited upon and deducted from his term of imprisonment.

5. If any imprisoned vagrant convicted under this ordinance shall refuse to work,
having physical ability so to do when required to so work, as in this ordinance so provided,
may as a punishment be compelled to "pack sand" or carry other material from place to place
or to perform other labor not unreasonable, inhuman or too burdensome, until he declares
himself willing to work and does work as required, or in lieu thereof he may in the discretion
of the police or officer be confined in his cell and be fed upon no other food except bread
and water, until he declares himself ready to work, but Doth methods of punishment for refusing

 to work shall in no case be inflicted upon the same person at the same time. In either
case of punishment for refusing to work as required, such prisoner shall have no credit upon
his term of imprisonment for such forced labor or solitary confinement.

6. It shall be the duty of the police during fair and reasonable weather, when the same
can be done without extra expense to the City, to procure employment for and set at work,
such convicted vagrants who are confined and serving out their term of imprisonment, and to
this end upon the application of the Commissioners of said City having charge and supervision
of the streets and alleys therein, and of the public property therein, or upon request of the
sheriff of Clark County, he shall deliver into the custody and charge of such person so making

 such application or request, and such prisoner as he may have in his custody, and any such
prisoner shall be returned by the person so receiving him in custody to the City Jail or
other place of detention to the police or other officer in charge thereof before the hour of
6 O'clock P.M. for safekeeping until again required for labor.

7. But persons having such prisoners in charge during the time they are so employed
on any public work in said city shall receive no extra compensation by reason of any extra
work or services rendered or accomplished by such prisoners.

8. Whereas; in as much as there is no ordinance of said City defining and providing for

the punishment of vagrants, an emergency is declared to exist, and this ordinance shall take
 ORDINANCE NO. 11

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING AND PROHIBITING PETIT LARCENY.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

1. Every person who shall feloniously take, steal, and carry, lead or drive away the personal

 goods or property of another, under the value of Fifty Dollars shall be deemed guilty of
petit larceny and upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by imprisonment in the City Jail

of the City of Las Vegas, for any time not exceeding one hundred days, or by fine not exceeding

 two hundred and fifty dollars.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows:

Coughlin, aye; Von Tobel, aye; McGovern, aye; Stewart, aye; His Honor the Mayor Peter
Buol, aye.

Dated the 6th. day of September, 1911.

effect and be in force from and after its passage and approval by the Mayor.

The vote being cast as follows: Coughlin, aye; Von Tobel, aye; McGovern, aye; Stewart
aye. His honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated this 6th. day of September, 1911.	

 ORDINANCE NO. 12

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF A DOG LICENSE OR TAX.

The City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas do ordain:

1. That from and after the first day of October, 1911, there be and is hereby levied,
upon and against each and every dog, now in or which may hereafter come into the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, the following sums of money as license fees or taxes, viz:

For each male dog, two dollars.

For each female dog, five dollars.

Which said sums of money must be paid annually on the first day of October of each and
every year. For each dog coming or brought into the said City after the days fixed for the
payment and collection of such license fee and tax, there shall be collected a proportionate
portion of such license for the portion of the year remaining.

2.	That it is hereby made the duty of every person owning or keeping, entertaining or
harboring any dog or owning or keeping the premises whereon any dog makes its home or place
of residence to call upon and pay to the City Clerk and ex-officio License Collector of said
City, the license and tax herein before provided for and fixed and upon so paying said fee and
tax to the said official, he shall give to the person so paying, the same a receipt therefor

together with a metal tag bearing the legend "Dog Tax for-----(the current year) Paid, Las

Vegas, Nevada." which tags shall be consecutively numbered and record thereof kept by the
official distributing and issuing the same. And such tag shall be firmly affixed to a
leather or metal collar and constantly worn by the dog upon which the tax and license has

been paid.

Dated this 6th. day of September, 1911.
3. Any person who after the first day of October, 1911, shall own, keep, entertain,
or harbor any untaxed dog, or who shall own or keep or occupy the premises whereon or wherein
any untaxed dog shall be maintained or kept, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined
in any sum not exceeding the sum of

4. On and after the first day of October, 1911, it shall be the duty of the police or
 the member of the police force of Las Vegas to shoot, kill, or otherwise destroy any canine
which may be owned, kept, harbored or maintained in Las Vegas, Nevada, and upon which the
license and tax for the current year has not been paid or which does not wear a collar and
tag advertising such fact; and for each and every animal so killed or destroyed by any such
police official, he shall be paid by said City of Las Vegas, the fee of One Dollar in addition

to any salary he may at the time of such killing or destruction he may be receiving, and
which fee shall cover all expenses of carrying away and disposing of the remains of any such
canine or dog.

Upon motion of McGovern, seconded by Coughlin, unanimously voted by the entire Board
that this ordinance be adopted as read. Coughlin, aye; Von Tobel, aye; McGovern, aye;
Stewart, aye; His Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the 6th. day of September, 1911.

 ORDINANCE NO. 13

ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 1 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
BEING AN ORDINANCE ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE FIXING THE LICENSES ON DIVERS BUSINESSES AND OCCUPA-
TIONS PURSUED IN LAS VEGAS."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

That Section 2, of Ordinance No. 1 of said City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby
amended by adding thereto the following, viz:

For each dealer in coal oil, gasoline or other derivative or by-product of petroleum,
$3.25 per quarter.

For each pawn shop, $5.00 per quarter.

For each employment agency, $7.50 per quarter.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, it was unanimously voted by the entire Board
that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the Vote being cast as follows: Coughlin, aye,

Von Tobel, aye; McGovern, aye; Stewart, aye; his Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the sixth day of September, 1911,
 ORDINANCE NO.14

AN ORDINANCE TO LICENSE SHOWS, CIRCUSES, MENAGERIES AND OTHER EXHIBITIONS IN THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1.	Any proprietor, lessee or manager of any show, menagerie, hippodrome or circus intending

 to exhibit any performance or exhibition in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall pay to the
City Treasurer of said City the sum of twenty-five dollars as a license fee for the privilege
of showing and exhibiting such show, menagerie, hippodrome or circus for one day.

2.	Any person, firm or corporation who shall hold or exhibit any show, menagerie, circus
or hippodrome in the City of Las Vegas without first having paid the license mentioned and provided

 for in Section 1 hereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and be subject to a fine of not
more than three hundred dollars and not less than one hundred dollars and be imprisoned in the
City Jail of said City for any period not exceeding one hundred days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

On motion of Stewart, seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted that this ordinance
shall be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin, aye;

Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the 6th. day of September, 1911.

ORDINANCE NO. l6

AN ORDINANCE TO PRESERVE THE PEACE AND GOOD ORDER OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

1. Any person or persons who shall engage in any fight or who shall challenge another
person to fight or who shall use profane, indecent, obscene or opprobrious epithets or language

 in addressing any other person or person in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or any person

 who shall be guilty of any disorderly conduct in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be punished by fine in any sum not exceeding one

ORDINANCE NO. 15

AN ORDINANCE TO PREVENT THE CARRYING OF CONCEALED WEAPONS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Any person who shall within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, carry concealed upon his or
her person, any revolver, pistol, dagger, dirk or brass or metal knuckles or other weapon
capable of inflicting bodily injury upon the person of any person, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,

 and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding Two Hundred
Dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail for any period of time not exceeding one hundred
days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, unanimously voted by the entire Board that
this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin, aye,

Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, his honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.
hundred dollars, or be imprisoned in the City Jail of said City for any period not exceeding

 fifty days.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Von Tobel, seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin,
aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye. His honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the sixth day of September, 1911.

ORDINANCE NO. 17

AN ORDINANCE DEFINING AND PROHIBITING ASSAULT AND BATTERY.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

1.	An assault in an unlawful attempt coupled with the present ability to commit a violent

 injury to the person of another and any person convicted thereof, shall be subject to a
fine not exceeding one hundred dollars.

2.	Assault and battery is the unlawful beating of another person, and any person convicted

 thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred and fifty dollars, or
imprisonment in the City Jail for any period not exceeding ninety days or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately upon its passage and approval.

Upon motion of Von Tobel, seconded by McGovern, it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that this ordinance be an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin,
aye, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye; Stewart, aye, hi* honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Dated the sixth day of September, 1911.

The question of asking for Bids for the printing of the above ordinances coming on before the
Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart ordered that the city Clerk ask
for Bids for the printing of the above described ordinances said Bids to be sealed and in the
hands of the City Clerk at ten O'clock A.M. of September 7th, 1911. vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin aye, Von Tobel, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by Me Govern and duly carried that the Board adjurne untill the 18th, day of September 1911.
at eight o'clock, P.M.
Las Vegas, Nevada, September 29th, 1911*

Office of the City Clerk,

This being the time set by the Mayor, the Hon. Peter Buol of said City for a special meeting called

for he purpose of rescinding that part of the minutes relative to the appointment of a register

agent for the City of Las Vegas, to register voters for a special Bond election to be held October

10th, 1911. Meeting called to order by the Mayor roll called the following Commissioners answering

present , Commissioner, Ed Von Tobel, aye, Commissioner Chas, Mc Govern, aye, Commissioner Stewart aye

and his Hon the Mayor. there being a quorum present the Board then proceeded to take up the business

said special call was issued for, after due consideration upon the part of the Board the following was read
before the Board, " Whereas , at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, held on the 6th, day of September , 1911, at Las
Vegas Nevada, at the Counsel room of said Board, an ordinance was duly passed by said Board authorizing
the calling of an election to be held in the City of Las Vegas on the 10th, day of October, 1911.
for the purpose of submitting to the qualified electors of said City the question as to whether or
not a bond issue in the sum of Forty thousand Dollars($40,000) should be made by said Board of
City Commissioners for the purpose of installing a sewerage system for said City, and in and by
said Ordinance it was provided that notice of said election should be given by publication and posting
as by statutes provided, and Whereas, it was in and by said Ordinance, among other things, in
Paragraph #6 thereof provided that the Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas should forthwith
open registration books for the purpose of registering for said election all electors competent
and qualified to vote thereat, and to conduct such registration in the manner provided by law for
registrations for municipal election, and Whereas, it appears to this Board that said ordinance has
been duly advertised as by law provided, and Notice of said election has been given by publication
and posting as by law provided, and Whereas, it further appears that the Municipal Judge of the
City of Las Vegas in pursuance of said ordinance and the powers therein granted did proceed to open
up registration books and conduct registration of electors in conformity therewith up to and
including the 25th, day of September, 1911, and Whereas, it further appears to this Board that on
the said 25th, day of September, 1911, it was ordered, adjudged and decreed by the District Court
of the Fourth Judicial District of the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark, in and action
therein pending entitled, The State of Nevada ex. rel. H.M. Lillis, relator vs, G.A. Case, Judge
of the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, respondent, that the said

G.A. Case as Municipal Judge had no power, right or authority to conduct the aforesaid registration
or any registration in and for the City of Las Vegas or Township of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and declaring that H.M. Lillis, the relator therein was and is the sole and only qualified registry
agent within and for the Township of Las Vegas, and City of Las Vegas by virtue of his office of
Justice of he Peace of said Township, and II further appearing to the this Board that the said

H.M. Lillis as Justice of the Peace of said Township and ex-offico Registry agent therein had
during the time required by law and he said ordinance and the said notice of sewerage bond election
kept open and registered as required by law the qualified electors of the City and precinct of
Las Vegas, Now therefore, Be II hereby Resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas that the authorization made and given by paragraph 6, of said ordinance be and the same
is hereby rescinded and annulled, and that the inspectors, judges, and Clerks of said election
Board be ad they are hereby authorized and directed to disregard and reject and registration
books, lists or papers made and prepared by said G.A. Case, Municipal Judge for said election

and that they are hereby further authorized and directed to accept and use at said election the
registration books, lists and papers prepared for said election by H.M. Lillis, justice of the

Peace of Las Vegas, Township, Clark County, Nevada, and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby
authorized to transmit to the said election Board and to the said H.M. Lillis each a certified
copy of this resolution."

The necessity appearing to the Board and it being duly moved and seconded and voted unanimously

 by all of the Board present this ordinance was introduced and passed as an emergency ordinance.

The vote being cast as follows towit:- Motion by Von Tobel, and seconded by Mc Govern
the vote being cast as follows, Von Tobel, aye, McGovern, aye, W.J. Stewart, aye, and his
Honor, the Mayor voting aye.	There being no further business before the Board it was upon

motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried that the Board adjourn untill the
next regular meeting in October.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 4th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of he Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
held October 4th, A.D. 1911.	Present Hon. Peter Buol, Mayor Commissioner Stewart, Coughlin,

Von Tobel, and Chas. McGovern. Roll called all answered present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read aloud to the Board and approved as read,

This being the time at by the Board for the opening of Bids for City printing per an order
of he Board at its last regular meeting, The Clerk at this time presented the following affidavits

 the Printer to show that said Bid had been advertised as by law provided,

Notice for sealed Proposals for	Affidavit of Publication.

All City Printing.	Chas c. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and

Notice is hereby given that pursuant	says; that he is a citizen of the United states, over the

to an order made by the Board of	age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the

City Commissioners at a regular	Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper of general

meeting held Sept, 6th, 1911. sealed	circulation printed and 	published at Las Vegas, Clark County

bids for all City Printing, this to	Nevada, and that the Notice of Bids for all City Printing

include such printing as the City	of which the Attached is a true copy, was published in

Commissioners are authorized by law to	aid paper five consecutive issues, on the following dates

order will be received by the Clerk	towit, Sept, 9, 16, 23, and 30, 1911.

of said Board up to October, 4th, 1911	Chas C. Corkhill.

at 7 o'clock P.M. The Board reserves the	Subscribed and sworn to before me this 40th, day of

right to reject any and all Bids.	October, A.D. 1911.

Witness my hand and seal of the

City this 6th, day of Sept, A.D. 1911.	Harley A. Harmon,

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon,	City Clerk.

City Clerk and Ex-Offico Clerk of the
Board of City Commissioners Las vegas
Nevada, First Publication Sept, 6th,

1911.

The Clerk then proceeded to open the sealed Bids of the Las Vegas Age, and the Clark County
Review, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was unanimously voted by the entire
Board that the Bid of the Clark County Review was the lowest, and it was ordered that the printing
contract for the$$$$ life of this Board be awarded to the Clark County Review, the vote being
cast as follows towit:- Motion by Mc Govern and seconded by Coughlin, McGovern aye, Coughlin, aye,
Stewart, aye, von Tobel, aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye,

The following communication was then read before the Board, " To the Hon, Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Gentlemen:- We, as the firm of J.&. L. Holcomb

proprietors of the Colorado Hotel situated on lot 10, in block 15, in Clarks Las Vegas Townsite
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do petition you as the proper authorities to cause the discontinuation

 of a nuisance (a noise) caused by the exhaust of a gasoline engine in the rear of the
Butcher shop, conducted by J.J. Lefurgey. This noise spoken of has caused several of our guests
to leave the Hotel. It is next to impossible for anyone to sleep after the engine in question have
been started; or while it is running. We beg you to take such action as will cause a speedy
discontinuation of the nuisance.	Respectfully, J&L. Holcomb. per L.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion by McGovern and
seconded by Coughlin ordered by the Board that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up an ordinance
regulating the running and handling, and muffling of Gas Engines in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
the Vote being cast as follows towit:- McGovern aye, Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, von Tobel,
aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol aye,

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried it was ordered that
the sum of two hundred dollars set aside for the use of the Street Commissioner Stewart, the same
to be used upon the street of said City, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Mc Govern aye,
Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded

Coughlin and duly carried ordered that the Board adjourn untill October the 11th , at 8 o'clock
P.M. 1911. the vote being cast as follows towit:-

Las Vegas, Nevada, October 11th, 1911.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners sitting in and for the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment, Present The Hon. Ed. Von Tobel commissioner, Commissioners

Stewart, and Chas McGovern, and City Clerk. His Honor the Mayor being absent, Ed Von Tobel Mayor

protem took the Chair and called the meeting to order, Minutes of the last regular meeting

read and approved as read,	The Board then took up the reports of the City Clerk, and Register

agent relative to the sewerage Bond election for the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, after due

consideration upon the part of the Board the following resolution was adopted as follows towit

" In the matter of the Sewerage Bond election by the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas,

The City Clerk reported that he taken the notice of election for sewerage by the electors of said

City in the form adopted at the regular meeting held September 6th, A.D. 1911. to the Las Vegas

Age, and the Clark County Review, and ordered the same published for a period of four weeks prior

to the date 0f such election and that he had posted the same form of notice in three conspicuous



places with in the limits of the said City of Las Vegas, for four consecutive weeks prior to
such election and presented that following affidavit to-that effect,

Affidavit of posting:

State of Nevada )

ss .

County of Clark)

I, Harley A. Harmon , being first duly sworn, says that, on the eight day of Sept.
A.D. 1911. he posted three notices of which the following and annexed is a true copy , in three
public places in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, one at the City Clerks office one at
the front door of the post office, and one at the office of the Municipal Judges office, and all
within the limits of said City. Signed Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th, day of October A.D, 1911. Frank A. Doherty Notary

Public , Clark County , State of Nevada.

(Notary SEAL ).

Notice of Election:

FOR SEWERAGE BONDS FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Whereas, at a regular meeting of the Board of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
at which the Mayor and all of said commissioners were present, and a report of commissioners
Stewart and Coughlin of said Board who have been appointed by said Board to report the estimated

 cost of a sewerage system for said City having been read and adopted, and in which the
cost of said sewerage system was estimated at a cost of $40,000.00 it was deemed necessary by
said Board to incur indebtedness of $40,000.00 for and on the part of said City of Las Vegas
by issuing negotiable coupon bonds of said City for the purpose of applying the proceeds from
the sale thereof to the construction of adequate sewerage system therein, and whereas an ordinance

 to that effect was regularly introduced, read, passed and approved by the unanimous vote
of said Board, said ordinance being as follows:

ORDINANCE No. 18

An ordinance to provide for the installation of a system of sewerage in Las Vegas, Nevada,
and to provide for issuing of bonds of said City of Las Vegas for the purpose of raising money
necessary for such enterprise.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

That, whereas, it is the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, that
the sanitary condition of said City present a great and urgent need for the establishment
of an adequate system of sewerage in said City, and whereas, it is the opinion of the said
Board of Commissioners that $40,000.00 will serve to construct and install a presently adequate

 system of sewerage in said City:

Section 1. Therefor: Be it ordained by said Board of Commissioners that due notice be
given of an election to be held in said City of Las Vegas which election is hereby called to
be held in said City on the 10th. day of October, 1911 and that at such election there be
submitted to the electors of said City the question "Shall the City of Las Vegas issue Las
Vegas Sewerage bonds in the sum of $40,000.00 for the purpose of installing and establishing
an adequate system of sewerage in said City?" Said bonds to bear interest at the rate of
six per cent per annum from the date thereof:

Section 2. That the said City of Las Vegas hereby proposes to build, establish and install
an adequate system of sewerage in said City, and the estimated cost thereof as shown by the
report of the Commissioners heretofore selected and delegated by said City Commissioners to
ascertain such cost, will be approximately $40,000.00.

Section 3* That it, is proposed by the said City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada,
to incur and create a bonded indebtedness of not to exceed $40,000.00 to provide a fund for
the building, establishment and installation of such adequate system of sewerage, such bonds
to be issued in denominations of $1,000.00 each and to bear annual interest at the rate of six
per cent per annum, payable semi-annually and said bonds to be numbered consecutively from
No.l to 40 inclusive and to become payable as follows, that is to say, numbers 1 to 4 inclusive

 to become due on or before 10 years after the date thereof and numbers 5 to 8 inclusive
to become due on or before 11 years after the date thereof, and numbers 9 to 12 inclusive

to become due on or before 12 years after the date thereof, numbers 13 to 16 inclusive to

become due on or before 13 years after the date thereof, numbers 17 to 20 inclusive to become
due on or before 14 years after the date thereof, numbers 21 to 24 inclusive to become due on
or before 15 years after the date thereof, numbers 25 to 28 inclusive thereof to become due
on or before 16 years after the date thereof, numbers 29 to 32 inclusive to become due on or
before 17 years after the date thereof, numbers 33 to 36 inclusive to become due on or before

18 years after the date thereof, and numbers 37 to 40 inclusive shall become due on or before

19 years after the date thereof.

And each of the said bonds shall bear upon the face thereof the solemn promise and agreement

 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to pay to the holder thereof the sum of one thousand

 dollars in gold coin of the United States of America of the present standard of weight and

fineness together with interest thereon as hereinbefore provided.

such bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the said City and attested and countersigned
by the City Clerk thereof over the seal of said City and shall have attached and appended
thereto, interest coupons which shall be the promise of said City of Las Vegas to pay the
amounts therein specified in gold coin of the present standard of weight and fineness at the
semi-annual time therein mentioned.

Section 4. And to the end that such bonds may legally be made, executed and issued by
the said City of Las Vegas, the said City Commissioners thereof does hereby ordain that an
election be and is hereby called to be held in the said City of Las Vegas on the 10th. day of
October, 1911 and at such election there shall be submitted to the qualified electors of
said City the question "Shall the City of Las Vegas issue sewerage bonds to the sum and extent
of $40,000.00?" which question so to be voted upon shall be placed upon the ballot in the form
provided by paragraph 5 of Section 31 of Chapter 132 of the Statutes of Nevada passed at the
session of 1911 and which Chapter was approved by the Governor on March 16, 1911.

Section 5. And be it further ordained: That notice of holding of such election be given
to the public by advertising the holding thereof in the newspapers commonly known and called
the Las Vegas Age and the Clark county Review both whereof are published in the City of Las Vegas,
for the period of four weeks and by posting notice thereof in at least three public places in
said City for at least four weeks prior to the holding of such election. Such notice to be
so drawn and drafted that their contents shall advise those who may read them of the time, place
and purpose of holding the election therein specified.

Section 6. And the Municipal Judge is hereby directed to forthwith open books of registration

 and register all electors, competent and qualified to vote at the election by this ordinance

 called to be held, and such books of registration are to be kept and held open by the said
municipal judge until 6:00 o'clock P. M. of the 11th. day next proceeding the day upon which
the election provided for by this ordinance is to be held.

Section 7. And E. Fenner and John W. Tuck and George Swadener are hereby chosen and designated

 and appointed by the said City Commissioners to act as inspectors at such election so-
called as aforesaid, and they shall, and are hereby authorized to select and appoint two
competent and qualified persons to act as clerks at such election.

Read the first time September 6, 1911

Read the second time, September 6, 1911.

Passed and adopted by the following vote on the question; "Shall the foregoing become the
by-law and ordinance of the City of Las Vegas?" Commissioner Coughlin voting yes; Commissioner
McGovern voting yes; Commissioner Stewart voting yes; commissioner Von Tobel voting yes; his
Honor the Mayor voting yes, and by virtue thereof the said ordinance and by-law is passed and
carried.

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk	Peter Buol, Mayor

September 6, 1911.

And whereas, the said Board of Commissioners by a motion duly made, seconded and carried
unanimously and duly entered on the minutes of said meeting, ordered that under and by virtue
of the authority vested in them by Chapter 132 of the laws of the state of Nevada passed at the
25th. Session of the Legislature thereof and entitled "An Act to Incorporate the Town of
Las Vegas in Clark county and defining the boundaries thereof and to authorize the establishment

 of a city government therefor and other matters relating thereto," and approved March 16,

1911 the question of contracting a bonded indebtedness of $40,000.00 for the purpose of constructing

a system of sewerage in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be submitted to the legally
qualified electors of said City at a special election to be held in said City as provided by
said Act.

That said bonds bear interest at six per cent payable semi-annually and that they are
issued in denominations and payable as set forth in the above ordinance. Now therefore, in
pursuance of the Act above referred to notice is hereby given that a special election of legal
qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Tuesday the 10th. day of
October, 1911 at the fire house of said City situated on second street in said City for the
purpose of submitting to the legally qualified electors of said City the question of contracting
such bonded indebtedness as has been deemed necessary by the said Board of Commissioners as
above set forth. That the names of the inspectors of election as set forth above and they
are to choose two clerks of said election; that the polls will be open at the polling place
aforesaid during the hours from 8 o'clock A. M. to 6 o'clock. P.M. of said day.

Dated, Las Vegas, Nevada, September 6, 1911.

Peter Buol, Mayor
Commissioners: Charles McGovern
J. J. Coughlin
W. J. Stewart

Attest:	Ed. Von Tobel

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk

The Statutes provide that all male citizens of the United States who have resided in the
State of Nevada six months and in the county and City thirty days are entitled to vote at said
special election. The law provides that the ballots shall have printed thereon the words
"Sewerage Bonds, Yes" and "Sewerage Bonds, No." in parallel lines one above the other and that
the voter will scratch out the "Yes" if opposed to the bonds or the "No" if in favor of their
issue.

Peter Buol, Mayor
Commissioners: J. J. Coughlin

W. J. Stewart
Charles M. McGovern
Ed. Von Tobel

Attest: Harley A. Harmon, Clerk

The Clerk also presented the following affidavit of Publication.

Chas C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is citizens of the United
States over the age of eighteen years: that he is the Publisher of the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
and that the Notice of Election of which the attached and forgoing is a true and correct copy was
published in said paper five consecutive issues, on the following dates, towit:- Sept, 9th,
16th, 23th, and39th, and October 7th, 1911.	Chas. C. Corkhill.

Subscribed and worn to before me, this 10th, day of October, A.D. 1911.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Affidavit of Publication.
The Clerk further reported that he had notified G.A. Case of his appointment as registration

for the special Bond election of the said City of Las Vegas, and presented the following statement

as proof to that effect, together with his oath of Office. Las Vegas, Nevada, September 9th, 1911.

Your are hereby notified and appointed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
for he purpose of registering the voters of said City for the special sewerage Bond election to
be held October 10th, 1911, to vote upon the question of constructing a bonded indebtedness for a
sewerage system in said City.

Given under my hand and seal of the City this 8th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada
County of Clark ) ss.

I,	G.A. Case, the duly appointed registering agent for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
do solemnly swear that I will perform all the duties of registering agent in and for the City of
Las Vegas, according to law and the best of my ability, and that in the discharge of my duties
as such registering agent , I will honestly endeavor to prevent fraud, deceit, or any other manner
or abuse of elective franchise, So Help me God.	G.A. Case.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8th, day of September A.D. 1911.

Harley A. Harmon , City Clerk.

The Clerk further reported that per an acting of the Board taken at a special meeting called for that
purpose , to rescind a part of the minutes relative to the appointment of a register gent for said
election that he has given the following notice to H.M. Lillis, and the Clerk of said election
per the following ordinance passed and adopted by the said at said meting held September 29th, 1911.

You are hereby notified that you are appointed by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to act as register agent for the City of Las Vegas, for
a special Bond election to be held October 10th, 1911. per an resolution adopted by said Board
as follows towit:- " Whereas , at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, held on the 6th, day of September, 1911, at Las Vegas,
Nevada at the Counsel room of said Board, an ordinance was duly passed by said Board authorizing
the calling of an election to be held in the City of Las Vegas on the 10th day of October, 1911.
for the purpose of submitting to the qualified electors of said City the question as to whether
or not a bond issue in the sum of Forty thousand dollars should be made by said Board of City Commissioners

 for the purpose of installing a sewerage system for said City, and in and by said
ordinance it was provided that notice of said election should be given by publication and posting
as by statute provided, and Whereas, it was in and by said ordinance, among other things, in
Paragraph #6, therefore provided that the Municipal Judge of the City of Las vegas should forthwith
open registration books for the purpose of registering for said election all electors competent
and qualified to vote thereat, and to conduct such registration in the manner provided by law
for registration for municipal elections, and Whereas, it appears to this Board that said ordinance
has been duly advertised as by law provided, and Notice of said election has been given by publication

and posting as by law provided, and Whereas, it further appears that the Municipal Judge, of
the City of Las Vegas in pursuance of said ordinance and the powers therein granted did proceed
to open registration books and conduct registration of electors in conformity therewith up to and
including the 25th, day of September 1911, and Whereas it further appears to this Board that on
the said 25th day of September, 1911, it was ordered, adjudged and decreed by the District Court

of the Fourth Judicial District of the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark, in and
action therein pending entitled, The State of Nevada exlrel. H.M. Lillis, relator vs G.A. Case as
Municipal Judge had no power, right or authority to conduct the aforesaid registration or any
registration in and for the City of Las vegas or township of Las vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and

declaring that H.M. Lillis, the relator therein was and is the sole and only qualified registry
agent within and for the Township of Las Vegas, and City of Las Vegas by virtue of his office of Justice
of the Peace of said township, and , It further appearing to this Board that the said H.M.

Lillis as Justice of the Peace of said Township and ex-officio Registry agent therein had during
the time required by law and the said Ordinance and the said Notice of sewerage bond election
kept open and registered as required by law the qualified electors of the City and precinct of Las
Vegas, Now Therefore, Be It hereby Resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas that the authorization made and given by Paragraph 6 of said ordinance be and the same
is hereby rescinded and annulled, and that the inspectors , Judges and Clerks of election Board be and
they are hereby authorized and directed to disregard and reject any registration books, lists or
papers made and prepared by said G.A. Case, Municipal Judge for said election, and they are hereby
further authorized and directed to accept and use at said election the registration books, lists,
and papers prepared for said election by H.M. Lillis, Justce of the Peace of Las Vegas, Township
Clark County, Nevada, and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized to transmit to the
said Election Board and to the said H.M. Lillis each a certified copy of this resolution.

1. H.M. Lillis the duly appointed registering agent for the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, do solemnly swear that I will perform all the duties of Register agent in and for the City
of Las Vegas, according to law and the best of my ability, and that in the discharge of my duties as
such register agent, I will honestly endeavor to prevent fraud, deceit or any ether manner of abuse
of elective franchise So. Help me God.	H.M. Lillis.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th, day of September 1911,

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

The Clerk further reported that he furnished H.M. Lillis, register agent and G.A. Case,
a Notice of a special election to be held in the City of Las Vegas, by the qualified voters thereof
to vote upon the question of issuing bonds for sewerage purposes and had requested that the said
Register agent to post said notices in three conspicuous places in said City and he presented a copy
of said notice with proof of posting as follows.

Notice of Election for Sewerage Bonds for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is hereby Given that on Tuesday the 10th, day of October , 1911. at the fire House on Second
Street in the said City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, a special election of the
qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas will be held to vote upon the question of issuing Bonds
of said City to the extent of $40,000.00 Dollars for the purpose of constructing a sewerage system
for and in said City, which election shall not be opened not later than 8'clock A.M. and shall
continue until 6 o'clock P.M. of the same date. Dated this 8th, day of September 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark )ss.

1. H.M. Lillis duly appointed, qualified and acting register agent in and for the
City of Las Vegas County of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify that the attached notice of
election for sewerage bonds for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, from the Clerk of the Board of the
City Commissioners, for said City and posted three of said notices in three conspicuous and public
places in said City, of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ as by law provided.

H.M. Lillis.

Registry agent for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th, day of October A.D. 1911.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk and ex-officio Clerk

of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Cark County, Nevada.

The Clerk further reported that the said H.M. Lillis as register agent had caused a

Notice to be published in the Clark County Review and he Las Vegas Age. for three consecutive
weeks to the effect that he the said H.M. Lillis, had been appointed register agent for the purpose
of registering the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, prior to the special election to
be held on the 10th, day of October 1911, for voting upon the question of issuing sewerage bonds, and
he presented the following affidavit of the publisher.

Affidavit of Publication.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark ) ss.

C.P. Squires, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is the publisher of the

 Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Registration Notice, was continuously

Registration Notice.	Published in said paper for the period of five weeks

To the Citizens of the City of Las Vegas

County of Clark, State of Nevada.	from the 6th, day of September 1911. on the 30th, day

Notice is hereby given that the official register
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark	of September 1911. inclusive , being the issues of such
State of Nevada, is now open, between

the hours of 10'oclock A.M. and 6 o'clock	paper for the following dates, towit: Sept, 16th, 23,

P.M. on all legal days from and after

the 9th, day of September A.D. 1911. and 	30th, A.D. 1911. That said newspaper was regular
prior to the 30th, day of September 1911.

two t untill the 29th, day of September		issued and circulated on each of the dates above named
A.D. 1911. at 6 o'clock P.M. and for ten days

next proceeding the day set for closing the That the charge for publishing the same was $5.00 and
Register, in addition to the regular

hours, between the 7 o'clock A.M. and		that the same has been paid.

9 o'clock P.M. for the registration of all

legal voters of said election precinct		Signed C.P. Squires,
of the City of Las Vegas County of Clark

State of Nevada, to be held on the	(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th.

10th, day of October A.D. 1911. And

former registration will not apply	day of October A.D. 1911.	H.M. Lillis

in this election and citizens desiring

to vote at said election must register as by	Notary Public,

law provided.

Witness my hand this 15th day of September
A.D. 1911.	H.M. Lillis.

Registry agent in and for Las Vegas Township
County of Clark, State of Nevada.

First Publication Sept. 16th, 1911.

Last publication Sept. 30th, 1911.

The Clerk also further reported to the Board the filing of the affidavit of the Clark

County

Review of publishing the above notice, for the aforesaid Registry agent. HIM. Lillis.

Affidavit of Publication

Chas, C. Corkhill being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the

United States, over the age of eighteen years: that he is the publisher of the Clark County



Review, a weekly newspaper published and printed of general circulation at Las Vegas, Nevada, Clark
County, Nevada, and that the forgoing Notice of Registration of which the attached is a true copy
was published in said paper for three consecutive issues, on the following dates, towit, Sept,

16th, 23rd, and 30th, 1911.	Chas C. Corkhill.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th, day of October A.D. 1911.

Walter R. Bracken   Notary Public.

The Clerk further reported that H.M. Lillis registered all applicants applying to him
under the law providing for the special election upon the question of sewerage Bonds, and that he
made and swore to the complete list of voters of said election taking oath that the same was
correct to the best of his knowledge and belief, and that H.M. Lillis turned over to the Judges
of ad special election a complete copy of the official register and check lists of all voters of
aid City and duly certified to by him as such register agent one day proceeding said election
and presented herewith the following proof viz:

State of Nevada
County of Clark) ss.

I, H.M. Lillis, duly elected, qualified and acting Justice of the Peace and ex-officio



and acting registry agent in and for the as Vegas Township, County of Clark, State of Nevada, do hereby
certify that the forgoing and attached is a true and correct copy of the registered voters in and
for the City of Las Vegas Election precinct number one, for the special election for sewerage Bonds
for the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to be held on the 10th , day of
October, A.D. 1911. in the said City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on said day
And I further certify that I posted five certified copies of said lists in five public places in
the said City of Las Vegas, County of Clark , State of Nevada on the 30th, day of September A.D.
1911. as by law required.	H.M. Lillis.

Registry agent for Las Vegas Township, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

(SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 10th, day of October A.D, 1911.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

List of the Registered Voters of Election Precinct No. one of the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby certify that the following is a true and correct list of the voters registered in election

 precinct No. one of the City of Las Vegas County of Clark, State of Nevada, prior to the 30th

day of September A.D. 1911. for a special election for sewerage Bonds for the City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, State of Nevada, to be held on the 10th, day of October A.D. 1911. I will

receive objections to the right to vote on the part of any person registered until six O clock
P.M. on the tenth day of previous to the day of election., And I further request every person
so registered to examine 	the said lists carefully , and if they find any error in the spelling	

or other irregularity in there registration to come to my office and have the same corrected.

Anderson Walt. T.
Alpine. W.L.

Allen Grant.
Aguirre, C.

Arnold. W.E.
Anderson. John B.
Alpine. Chas. W.
Bracken Walter. R.
Baldwin. W.J.
Burkhart. W.M.

Ball. H.W.

Blum. Edward A.
Bailey E.R,

Ball. C.P.

Buol. F.A.

Bucl. Peter.

Boggs. B.F. Sr.
Boggs. OOC.

Bishop. W.C.

Buol. Frank.

Becklley. U.W.
Beckley. Jake
Boggs. B.F. Jr.
Black. F.E.

Barstow. E.H.
Bevelton. John B.
Boggs. A.E.

Batt. WM. M.

Bewar. John .A.
Boren. H.L.

Beyer. H.G.

Botkin. I.W.

Bowen. Grant.
Bailey. N.R.

Coyle. John. F.
Curtis. John. B.
Corkhill. Chas. C.
Copley D.C.

Cooper. H.B.

Clark. A.L.J.
Coughlin. J.J.
Crosby. N.L.
Chopetal. Frank. W.
Clark. James.
Clinton. George.
Clark. F.A.

Clark. EE. W.
Campbell. Malcom.
Crombie. William.
Cullen. F.J.
Compton. R.M.
Callan Peter
Clark. W.J.

Coffey. J.

Larvey J.G.
Lane. Geo. E.

Martin Roy W.
Marshall W.M.
Murphay James
Miller L.P.

Murry J.H.

Mc Cormick EDward.

McGovern C.M.

Nimock James

Duncan F.L.

Douglas Stewart.
Del mater J.A.
Dupuis Chas. A.
Brown C.E.

Doyle. Chas.

Dillon Robert
Densmore J.R.
Doffemyre I.J.
Doran. A.E.

Dodson E.A.
Ducshak John.
Donald J.E.
Eccleston A.S.
Emerick Ben.

Eyster W.R.

Ferris &.F.

Fay C.T.

Feliz J.A.

Fenby Geo. E.
Farischon Wendal
Fenner E.L.

Froman B.H.
Fastbender W.C.
Frye A.J.

French G.H.

French C.A.

Frazier John c.
Farnsworth Geo. F.
Fleming Geo. E.
Ferguson Robert A.
Francis Floyd
Fagan John
Farish E.E
Finlay W.M.

Givens James. G.
Garwood Geo. R.

Gay Samuel
Goodman Geo. A.
Griffith E.W.
Gilnaugh J.E.
Goodman Roy
Gohlke WM. E.

Grist Jufd
Hardpending L.
Halpin Owen.
Holcomb L.
Horstmann E.
Hoffman A.H.
Hickey Daniel.
Henderson Peter.

Hicks J.F.

Miller Goe.

Mitchell N.
Metzdorff F.E.
Moore Kendard
Moore WM. K.

Moore Leroy Jr.

Mc Donald Dan

Mc Claughlin Jack.

McGimpsey WM.
O'Neil Chas E.

Hawkins W.E.

Horden J.W.

Harmon, Harley A.
Houck W.E.

Haleer Chas A.

Hall E.C.

Hughes Hugh.

Hocks 00D.

Hertford J. R.
Henderson A.S.
Holcomb J.

Heaton J.M.

Holden J.H.
Herbs Chas Sr.
Hicks E.C.

Heweston Hal. L.
Hunting E.H.

Hing John.

Hays Nelson.
Hopkins J.w.

Hogan J.T.

Kramer J.D.

Johnson I.C.
James Paul B.
Jurden A.W.

Jackson Henry
Johnson J.R.

James A.

Jonas Ed.

Kiernan Thomas.
Keath J.M.
Kennemham J.E.
Kessler H.T.

Kerr A.N.

Knox R.E.

Kutcher Joe.

Kline Clarence E.
Kibbler L.P.
Kiernan Joe.
Kramer A.H.
Kiernan M. Jmes
Kennedy R.S.

Knecht Fred C.
Lester Karren H.
Locket Roy T.

Ladd J H.
Lake R.E.
Lake E.C.

Liday John A.
Leveitt 0.

Lewis E.W.

Lacy Ed.

Levfergy J.J.
Laudenhimer WM.

Medennall T.C.
Moore L.D.

Morse G.W.

Mundy W.B.

Miller E.G.
Maloney M.

McGown H.J.

McWilliams J.T.

Me Eaffie Ray
O'Learvy D.J.
Owen

Owen A.G.

Olson Alferd.
Oswald C.N.
O'Berin Chas H.
Pierce Clark.
Palmer E.A.

Park John S.

Park Wm S.

Pettie D.

Pollard M.

Pauf A.N.

Petty A.C.

Pierce Frank.
Pettiet E.E.
Pearson WA.

Pauff Owen C.
Park E.E.

Pittman J.D.
Pauff Peter.
Pierce Fred.
Scharlau Robert
Slade Geo.

Thomas M.C. Sr.
Trout W.D.

Taggs Chas. 00
Tobbens J.C.
Tuckield J.J.
Tuck John W. Sr.
Wilcox W.J.
Williams N.E.
Wasserback Carl.
Williams J.J.
Worrel. W.D.
Wolcch B.D.
Lawson S.J.
Lauder J.

Lyman W.E.

Qurreau Frank.
Reeder 00S.
Roberts J.S.

Rau William
Rley M.M.

Russell J.L.
Radcliff A.B.
Ronnow C.C.
Ronsdstad J.B.
Raggen J.

Rule Will L.
Robicheau Jesse.
Richards John R.
R4n William
Riley M. J.

Robson J.A.

Smith Joe. S.
Stevens F.A.
Snipes A.
Steinman P.

Tuck John W. Jr.
Tonner C.W.

Tmoas M.C. Jr.
Thomas W.C.

Thomas W.R.
Thomas R.W.

Thomas Roy C.
Von Tobel Ed.
Wharton E.S.
Wells. H.B.
Westlake J.E.
Willard A.D.
Wawynaught L.A.
Willey E.

Stewart F.R.
Shepard E.S.
Sproule R.B.
Schaeffer R.H.
Sears W.A.

Smith N,

Smith L.D.

Stewart W.J.
Sanford OOR.
Swadner Geo. W.,
Squires C.P.
Smith Proctor
Schweig A.

Smith E.E.

Sparks Q.S. Jr
Smalley WM.
Sharp. T. H.
Schiler WM.N.
Stewart J.A.
Smith T.E.

Vav Pely O.J.
Van Ed.

Voris Ray H.
Williams M.C.
Weis C.

Weaver Frank.
Wisner J.S.
Wengert F.S.
Watson D.F.

Winn Lewis
Young R.J.
Lillis H.M.
Lockmeir Geo.
Lightfoot G.H.

(Notary SEAL)

H'M. Lillis

Registry agent for Las Vegas Township, County of Clark state
Nevada,		'

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th day
of September A.D. 1911.	'

Walter R. Bracken

Notary Public in and for said County of Clark,
State of Nevada	

The Clerk further reported that the election of October 10th, 1911. in the City of Las Vegas

was duly held according to the requirements of law, and that the Judges of election at its



conclusion delivered to him as City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, a certificate of the result

stating that One hundred and eighty three ballots were cast for the Bonds and that eleven ballots

were cast against the bonds. Said certificate is hereunto attached.

At a special sewer bond election held in the fire house in precinct No. one in the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on the 10th, day of October A.D. 1911. for the purpose of

voting for or against the issue of sewer bonds to the amount of Forty Thousand dollars. The

Whole number of votes cast was as follows, towit:- The whole number of votes cast was 194.

Of which number 183 were cast for the issue of said sewer bonds, 11 votes were cast against

the issue of said sewer bonds.	George W. Swadner

John W. Tuck
Frank W. Chopital

Inspectors of election

Attest:-	F.A. Buol.

John Fagan.

Clerks of election

The Clerk also reported to the election board the count being completed caused the ballots
cast to be strung, wrapped and sealed, and thereupon caused the whole list as talley sheet,
together with the register list as all ballots cast, as well as the unused ballots to be inclosed
within the ballotsbox and then caused said box to be locked and sealed and delivered to the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. The Clerk further reported the ballots
used in said election of October 10th, 1911. were in the following form:

"Sewerage Bond Ballot"

To vote for sewerage bonds scratch out the word "No." To vote against the sewerage bonds scratch

out the word "Yes".	Sewerage Bonds ---Yes

Sewerage Bonds —No.

It appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that said election for sewerage Bonds for the
City of Las Vegas, is held October 10th, A.D. 1911. bad been held according to law, and further
21

that the said Bond issue had carried as shown by the official returns now on file in the office

of the City Clerk, It was upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried



ordered that said special sewerage bonds election for for the City of Las Vegas, be declared carried
and the Clerk of this Board is hereby ordered to file and place the returns of said election in full
upon the minutes of this Board.

The vote being cast as follows towit:- McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, von Tobel Mayor protem

aye.

At this time Roy W. Martin of the City of Las Vegas, appeared before the Board asking for a
franchise granting him and his assign the right and privilege to lay and construct a Gas Plant in
through the streets and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. After due consideration upon
the part of the Board it was ordered that the same be laid over untill the next meeting of the
Board. Motion by Mc Govern sec. by Stewart  ad duly carried, the vote being as follows towit.

Mc Govern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, Mayor protem aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn untill next Tuesday October 17th, at 8'oclock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk, Las vegas, Clark County, Nev.

October 17th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon, Peter Buol. Mayor, Commissioners, Coughlin,
McGovern, Stewart, and Von Tobel. Roll called all members answered present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

At this time the question of declaring the office of City Attorney vacant coming on before
the Board, Commissioners von Tobel presented the following resolution towit:- and asked that the
Clerk read the same, the Clerk then proceeded to read the following.

" Whereas, Richard Busteed was heretofore , at a meeting of this Board held June 22nd, 1911.
duly appointed to the Office of City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas at a salary of $25.00 per
month, and ever since has been and is now the acting City Attorney for said City. Whereas, It
Appears to this Board that as such City Attorney, the said Richard Busteed has  been negligent in
the performance of his duties as such City Attorney; and not careful in his advise to this Board
and the officers of said City, and it further appearing to this Beard and the officers of said
City, that it will be to the best interest of this Board and the City of Las Vegas that such
office of City Attorney be declared vacant and the said Richard Busteed removed there-from.

Now therefor:- Be it resolved by this Board that the Office of City Attorney of this

 City of Las Vegas be and is hereby declared vacant, and that the present incumbent, Richard
Busteed be and is hereby removed therefrom.

And be it further Resolved by this Beard, that the City Clerk be and is hereby ordered
and instructed to give immediate notice in writing to the said Richard Busteed of his removal
from said office of City Attorney, and that said Clerk make immediate demand upon said Richard
Busteed to turn over and deliver all property, books and effects of every description in his
possession or under his control and belonging to the City or pertaining to his office , as provided

for in section #38, of the chapter #11 of the City Charter of the City of Las vegas, Nevada.

Be it further resolved:- that the Salary of the said Richard Busteed for the month of
October, 1911. be and the same is hereby directed to be allowed and paid to him in the sum of
$25.00 Dollars and that a warrant for the same be issued and delivered to him there-fore.

At this time the Mayor called Mayor protem Von Tobel, to occupy the Chair and took a

seat in the counsel room, It was then moved by Commissioner Stewart and seconded by Coughlin
that the foregoing resolution $$$$$$$ be adopted as read, The roll called, the vote being as
follows i:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, von Tobel Mayor protein, aye, acting
mayor aye, Peter Buol. No. At this time Mayor Protem Von Tobel vacated the Chair, and the Mayor
Peter Buol resumed the Chair.

The application for a Gas franchise coming on before the Board, it was upon motion of
Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel ordered that this question go over untill the next regular
meeting of the Board in November A.D. 1911. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye.
Mc Govern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, His Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by by McGovern and duly carried that the Board adjourn untill October 18th, 1911. at 8'o'clock P.M.
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel,
aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
October 18th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las vegas, Nevada, held
pursuant to adjournment.



The question of Issuing Notice sale of Sewerage Bonds for the amount of $40,000.00 coming on
before the Board. it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board, The following Notice
was read towit:-.

Notice of Sale of Sewerage Bonds For the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, having complied with the requirements : Per an Act of the Legislature
entitled : "An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, Nevada, and defining
the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City Government therefore and other

matters relating thereto, as Approved March 16th, 1911. hereby offer for sale $40,000.00
sewerage bonds the City of Las Vegas, said Bonds to be dated January 1st, 1912, and delivered
on or before February 1st, 1912, with accrued interest said Bonds are to be issued in denominations

of One thousand Dollars each, numbered 1 to 40 consecutively and to bear annual interest

at the rate of 6 per cent per annum from date of issuance, payable semi-annually, the

interest to be due on the First day of January and the first day of July, the day every year

thereafter, and interest shall cease on each bond as soon as redeemable.



Bonds 1 to 4 inclusive, to become due on or before, 10 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 5 to 8 inclusive to become due on or before 11 years after the date thereof.
Bonds numbered 9 to 12 inclusive to become due on or before 12 years after the date thereof.
Bonds numbered 13 to 16 inclusive to become due on or before 13 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 17 to	20 inclusive to become due on or before 14 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 21	to	24 inclusive to become due on or before 15 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 25	to	28 inclusive to become due on or before 16 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 29	to	32 inclusive to become due on or before 17 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 33	to	36 inclusive to become due on or before 18 years after the date thereof.

Bonds numbered 37	to	40 inclusive to become due on or before 19 years after the date thereof.

Said bonds and interest are to be payable at the office of the City Treasurer in the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. All binds for said bonds must be sealed and addressed to
the City Clerk at the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and entered upon the envelope so
as to indicate the character of the contents.

Bids must be in the hands of the City ClerK on or before December 6, at 8 o'clock P.M.,

1911.

All bids must be accompanied by a certified check in an amount equal to at least of one
per cent of the amount bid, payable to the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Said certified check to be returned to the bidder whose bid is
rejected, and to be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, if the maker of any bid refuses

to take up and pay for said bonds on or before February 1, 1912, after the notice of the
acceptance of his bid therefor.

Bids will not be received at less than par value.

The Board reserves the right to reject any and all bids.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Coughlin, that the foregoing notice be adopted as
read. Vote taken as follows: Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye; Von Tobel, aye;

His Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye.

Upon motion of Stewart, seconded by Von Tobel, it was ordered that the Clerk of this
Board cause the foregoing notice to be published for five issues in the Clark County Review
and two insertions in the Financial World, published in New York and Chicago. The vote being
cast as follows; Coughlin, aye; Stewart, aye; McGovern, aye; Von Tobel, aye; His Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol, aye.

The question of the appointment of a city attorney coming on before the Board, it was upon
motion of Von Tobel, seconded by McGovern, and duly carried, that this Board appoint F.A.
Stevens to the office of City Attorney, at a salary of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars per month,
the said Stevens to furnish a bond in the sum of One Thousand dollars, same to be approved by
His Honor the Mayor, and upon such approval, the said Stevens to enter into his duties as said
City Attorney. Vote as follows: Coughlin, aye; McGovern, aye; Stewart, aye; Von Tobel, aye;
His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board, upon motion of Stewart, seconded
by McGovern and duly carried, ordered that the Board adjourn, until next regular meeting in
November, at 8 o'clock P. M., 1911.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
November 1st, A.D. 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment, present Hon Peter Buol. Mayor and all members of the Board.
Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims allowed per claim book, except the following towit:- Claim of H.M. Lillis
for fee for register agent for the special Bond election was laid over on the grounds that the
same was not a legal charge against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Upon motion by Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern it was ordered that the Clerk of this
Board be instructed to write to E.G. Tilton Chief Engineer of the San Pedro Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Co. for a profile of proposed sewerage system for the City of Las Vegas Nev.
the Vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel
aye and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye,

The Clerk then proceeded to read the following towit:-

Ordinance No. 19.	

   

An ordinance amending Ordinance No. 12, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An
Ordinance Providing for the collection of a Dog License or Tax"

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do ordain:

That Ordinance No. 12. of the City of Las Vegas  passed on the 6th, day of September
1911. and entitled " An Ordinance for the collection of a Dog license or Tax" be and the same is 
hereby amended so that the same shall read as follows:

Sec. 1. That from and after the first day of October 1911. there be and is hereby levied
upon and against each and every dog now in or which may hereafter come into the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, the following sum of money as license fees or taxes, viz:

For each male dog, two dollars,

For each female dog, five dollars.

Which said sum of money shall be due and must be paid annually on the first day of October

of each and every year, For each dog coming or brought into that said City after the day fixed



for the payment and collection of such license fee or tax the full annual license or tax for the

current year shall be immediately collected and paid.

Sect. 2, That it is hereby made the duty of every person owning or Keeping, entertaining
or harboring any dog, or owning or occupying the premises wherein any dog makes its home or place
of residence, to call upon and pay to the City Clerk and Ex-offico license Collector of said City
the license herein above provided for and fixed, and upon so paying said fee or tax to the said
official he shall give to the person so paying the same a receipt therefor together with a metal
tag bearing the legend " Dog Tax for—( the current year) Paid, Las Vegas, Nevada, " which tag
shall be consecutively numbered and record thereof kept by the official distributing and issuing
the same. And such tag shall be firmly fixed to a leathern or metal collar and constantly worn
by the dog upon which the tax or license has been paid.

Sec. 3. Any person who after the first day of October, 1911. shall own, keep, entertain
or harbor any dog upon which the said license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year
or who shall own, or keep, or occupy the premises whereon or wherein any dog upon which the said
license fee or tax has not been paid for the current year shall be maintained or kept, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and fined in any sum not less than five dollars and not exceeding
the sum of ten Dollars, for each and every such offence.

Sec. 4. After the first day of October, 1911, it shall be the duty of the police or the
member of the police force of the City of Las Vegas to immediately shoot, kill, or otherwise
destroy any dog which may be owned, kept, harbored or maintained in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

and upon which the license or tax for the current year has not been paid or which does not wear
a collar and tag advertising the fact of such payment: and for each and every animal so killed
or destroyed by any such police official, he shall be paid by the City of Las Vegas a fee of one
Dollar in addition to any salary he may at the time of such killing or destruction be receiving
and which fee shall cover all expenses of carrying away and disposing of the remains of any such
canine or dog. This ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and advertisement.
The foregoing ordinance was read aloud in full to the Board.
After due consideration by the Board it was, upon motion of Commissioner W.J. Stewart
seconded by Commissioner Ed Von Tobel, and duly carried ordered that the foregoing ordinance
be adopted as read and as an emergency ordinance, and the Clerk instructed to have the same
published as by law provided, the vote being cast as follows:

Buol. Mayor, aye, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye,

At this time an ordinance amending ordinance No. 9. as passed by the Board at its regul-
ar meeting held July 5th, 1911. It was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by McGovern

and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be read for the first time and to be finally



acted upon at the next regular succeeding meeting . Thereupon the City Clerk read aloud said ordinance
to the Board.

At this time Commissioner Stewart presented the following resolution towit:-
" Whereas, it appears from the minute Book of the proceedings of this Board that
there was omitted from the records of the proceedings of date the 5th, day of July 1911. the
findings and resolution of this Board that an emergency existed for the passage of ordinances
one to nine inclusive. and each of them and , Whereas, it was found and duly resolved by this
Board at said meeting that an emergency existed for the passage at that meeting on first reading
of ordinances one to nine inclusive., Now therefore, Be it resolved that the minutes of said
meeting be and they are hereby amended and supplemented so that the said findings and resolutions

 of this Board relating to said ordinances be and appear upon said records as a portion of
the proceedings of said meeting in relation to the passage of said ordinances .

It was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that
said resolution be passed as read, the vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart,
aye, Mc Govern, aye, von Tobel, aye, His Honor the Mayor aye,

The Board at this time considered the matter of the employment of an Engineer to
Supertend the construction of the proposed sewerage and disposal system. Louis C. Kelsey of
Salt Lake City was present at the meeting and presented his credentials and recommendations
to the Board, together with a draft of a propose contract relative to his employment
after due consideration of the proposition of the said Louis C. Kelsey, it was moved by
Commissioner Coughlin and seconded by Commissioner Stewart, and duly carried that the proposition

 of LouiS. C. Kelsey be and the same is hereby accepted, and that he be employed by this
Board as such consulting and Superintending Engineer, that the Mayor and the City Clerk, he and
they are hereby authorized to execute on behalf of this Board a contract of employment with
Mr Louis C. Kelsey, in such form as may be approved by them, acting by and under the advice
of the City Attorney, the vote upon such motion being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart
aye Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor, Peter Buol, aye, .

At this time letters from the following firms regarding the sewerage system of Las
Vegas, Nevada, was read before the Board, " American Municipal Improvements Corporation ,"
"Reynolds & Whitman Co. "	R.J.&W.M. Boyd Construction Co. " after due consideration upon the

part of the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel, and duly carried ordered
that the same be laid upon the table. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye,

Stewart aye Mc Govern, aye, and Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
December 6th, 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Present Hon Peter Buol. and all members of the Board, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims allowed per claim book.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read.

The License collected made the following report regarding those business that have failed
to pay their license, it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern ordered that the
City Attorney make demand upon those not paying their license, and take such action as he sees
fit in the matter, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye,

Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time C.P. Ball appeared before the Board regarding the regulating of the licenses
on the business conducted by him, requesting the Board to take some acting relative to the reversing

 of said license taxes now imposed in the City, by said Board. after due consideration upon
the part of the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried that the Mayor appoint a committee
of three to revise said license ordinance, thereupon the Mayor appointed City Attorney F.A. Stevens
Commissioner Von Tobel, and Stewart, as such Committee.

At this time the Mayor announced that he desired to recall the appointment of Chas M.



McGovern as Police and Fire Commissioner, and to appoint Ed Von Tobel as such Police and Fire Commissioner
and said Chas M. McGovern as Commissioner of Finance and Revenue. The Mayor thereupon requested
the Clerk to enter in the minutes of the meeting such recall and appointment, such change to take
effect immediately.

Upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that
the City Auditor be instructed to draw his warrant for the amount of $41.40 to cover cost in the
two cases decided against the City of Las Vegas, per an judgement now on file and of record in
the District Court of the county of Clark, State of Nevada.

Upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin that N. Mitchell be appointed to the
office of Night Marshall for the City of Las Vegas, the same being lost by the following vote towit:
Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, No. Von Tobel, no, and his Honor the Mayor voting No.

At this time the Clerk present ed for the second reading the following ordinance.

Ordinance No. 20.



An ordinance Relating to and regulating the appearance of Miners on the public Streets
Avenues, alleys and other public places in the City of Las Vegas providing for the ringing of a
curfew bell and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict Therewith.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain:

Section 1, That it is hereby made unlawful for any child under the age of sixteen years

 and not accompanied by its parents or guardian or other adult person having legal custody and control

 of said child to loiter, wander or stroll in or about any of the public streets, avenues,
alleys or any public place in the City of Las Vegas at any time between the hours of 8'oclock
P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day, in or during the months of September, October,
December, January, February, March, April, and May; or at any time between the hours of 9 o'clock

 P.M. and 5 o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day on or during the months of June, July, and
August.

Section 2, That it is hereby made unlawful for any parent, guardian or other person

having legal care and custody of any child under the age of twelve years, to allow or permit
such child or ward to loiter, wander or stroll in or about any public street, avenue alley or other
public place in the City of Las Vegas not accompanied by such parent, guardian or other person
having legal care and custody of such child, at any time between the hours of 8o'clock P.M. and
5o'clock. A.M. of the succeeding day, in or during the months of September, October, November,
December, January, February, March, April, and May; or at any time between the hours of 9o'clock
P.M. and 5 o'clock. A.M. of the succeeding day in or during the months of June , July and August.

Section 3. That it so hereby made the duty of the City Marshall to ring or cause to be
rung a curfew bell at 9o'clock P.M. of each and every day between June first and September first
of each year, and at 8o'clock P.M. of each and every day of the year other than those mentioned
in this section for the purpose of giving notice of the hour.

Section 4, That it is hereby made and declared to be the duty of the City Marshall and of

every police officer of the City of Las Vegas to enforce or cause to be enforced each and all of



the provisions of this ordinance. Any marshall or police officer finding or observing any child under
the age of sixteen years, not accompanied by its parent, guardian or other adult person having
legal custody and control of such child, loitering, wandering or strolling about in any public
streets, avenues, alleys or other public places in the City of Las Vegas contrary to or in violation

 of any of the provisions of this ordinance, shall place such child under arrest and shall
take, or cause to be taken, or send, such child to its home or place of abode, or to its parent
or guardian, and shall notify such parent, guardian, or person having legal custody and control
of such child, to be and appear with said child at and before the Municipal Court of the City
of Las Vegas on the next succeeding day at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. and it is hereby made the
duty of such parent, guardian or person having the legal custody and control of such child to be
and appear with said child at and before the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas at said time
and place at which he or she is notified, then and there to answer to any charge that may be pending

 or may be placed against said parent or child under the provisions of this ordinance.

Section 5, That every violation of this ordinance, or of any of the terms or provisions
thereof, shall constitute a misdemeanor, and every person found guilty of any such violations 
thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than $2.00 nor more than $5.00 or by imprisonment
in the City Jail of the City of Las Vegas for a term not exceeding five days, or by both such
fine and imprisonment; provided, however, that the Court or judge before whom any person is found
guilty of violation any of the terms or provisions of this ordinance may , for the first time
or offence, in lieu of a fine or judgement of imprisonment, reprimand such person for his or her
violation of this ordinance, and admonish him or her against any further violation thereof.

Section, 6, All ordinance and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are
hereby repealed.

Section 7, This ordinance shall take effect and be in force immediately on and after its
passage and publication.

First reading November 1st, 1911.

Second reading December 6th, 1911.

The foregoing ordinance was then passed with the following vote towit:-

Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor
Peter Buol. voting aye.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the following resolution be passed
" To the Hon Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada. Gentlemen :

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby request your Hon Board to
apportion to the City of Las Vegas such proportion of the Las Vegas road district fund of the
County of Clark as the said City is entitled under sect. 32, of the Act of the State of Nevada
establishing the City of Las Vegas, approved March 16, 1911.
The vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von
Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye,

At this time the City Attorney was requested to prepair an ordinance covering the
Las Vegas Land and water Co., relative to the paying

of a City license tax.

An ordinance was read regarding the question of a City Dumping ground after due consideration

 upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the same be laid over for the present.

An ordinance was read before the Board relating to the keeping and Storage of Combustibles

 and Explosive Material, it was upon motion duly made and carried that the same be laid over
for the present.

An ordinance was read before the Board relating to establishing Penal provisions Relating
to streets and alleys, it was upon motion duly made and carried that the same belaid over for the
present.

This being the time set for the opening of sewerage bonds bids, the Clerk was instructed to
open said bids, The Clerk there upon said bids the same being, three in number as follows towit:-
Butter May and Company of Chicago I11, said bid being at $40,000.00 dollars at par, and accrued
interest to date of delivery, the City to allow the sum of $400.00 for commission Attorneys fees
and lithographing of the bonds. The next bid opened was the bid of H.T. Holtz and Co. of
Chicago I11, $40.021 with accrued interest to date of delivery, the City to allow the sum of
$1000.00 for legal fees and lithographing the bonds. The Sutherlin and Company to pay on delivery
of bonds in Kansas City, $40.885. 00 and accrued interest at the date of delivery and will in
addition furnish without expence to the City, lithographed bonds.

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel , and duly carried it was ordered that
the bids of Sutherlin and Company be accepted, as made as appears more fully from the said typewritten

bid now file with the Clerk of said Board, and the Clerk is hereby authorized to immediately
notify them of the acceptance of their bid, and to return the rejected bids to the makers thereof.
and further that the Clerk hold the certified check of the said Sutherlin Company for $400.00
in accordance with the contract.

Upon duly made it was resolved that the Clerk have prepaired and forwarded to the said



Sutherlin & Company a certified copy of all the proceedings and papers necessary or required for
examination and approval of the said Sutherlin Company, and that the sum of $15.00 be set apart
and allowed to the Clerk to cover the expenses of the aforesaid copies.

The vote being cat as follows towit:- Coughlin aye , McGovern aye, Stewart, aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, There being no further business before
the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Board adjourn untill Saturday

December 9th, A.D. 1911 at 8 o'clock P.M.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 9th, A.D. 1911.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment, present the Mayor and all members of the Board.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

The claim of the Las Vegas Fire Co. No. one for $28.00 was allowed.

At this time the following was read in full before the Board.

" To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners of the City Las vegas, Nevada.

Sirs:- I herewith tender my registration as Night Police of the City of Las vegas
Nevada, to same to take effect at once. Resp. Submitted. N. Mitchell. Night Police.

It was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that
the same be carried. the Vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart
aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time Commissioners of Fire and Police Von Tobel announced to the Board of the
appointment of A.J. Frye to the office of Night Police for the City of Las vegas, Nevada,
motion by von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin that said appointment be approved was duly
carried by the following vote towit:- Coughlin aye, McGovern, aye, Stewart, aye, von Tobel,
aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye,

At this time Commissioner Von Tobel announced to the Board the appointment of L.D. Smith
as Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, and asked that he be allowed the sum of $2.50 for each
month and the sum of $4.00 for each fire attended. upon motion duly made and carried it was
order that the same be carried and allowed. the vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye,
McGovern, aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time Commissioner Von Tobel asked the Board for an appropriation of $127.00 for
the purposes of fixing and reparing the floor of the fire house on second street so that the
same could be made into suitable quarters for the members of the Fire Companies, upon motion
of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin it was duly carried and ordered that said request of
Commissioner Von Tobel be granted the vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern
aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that the
City Attorney be instructed to draw up ordinance defining the duties of various Commissioners.

This being the time set for the report of the committee on finances relative to the
regulating of licenses in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the Mayor called for said report
Commissioner Von Tobel stated before the Board that the Committee bad been unable to reach an
understanding in the matter and asked that said committee be discharged, therefore upon said
request the Mayor ordered that sad Committee be discharged.

The newly appointed Fire Chief made and report to the Board relative to the conditions
of the fire Company and also filed and report requesting certain supplies, upon motion of
Commissioner Von Tobel it was ordered that said report be accepted and placed on file and the
Clerk is hereby instructed to make a copy of said report and deliver copy of same to the
Chief for record. the vote being as follows towit- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye,
Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, .

An ordinance regulating the Shutting off of water in systems supplying the City of
Las Vegas and the Inhabitants thereof within as read before the Board it upon motion duly made
and carried it was ordered that the same be laid over for the second reading.

At this time J.T. McWilliams appeared before the Board relative to selling the said City
a map of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that

the same be purchased and the Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed to have the same framed
and put up in the office of the City Clerk.

The question of fire limits coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and

carried ordered that the Mayor appoint a committee of three to look into the question of fire limits
for said City, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, McGovern, aye Stewart aye.
Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, there after the Mayor appointed the following
Committee, towit:- City Attorney, Commissioners Stewart, and McGovern.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing on the Franchise asked for by the
Consolidated light and Power Company to manufacture gas in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and lay
and install gas mains and pipes in and through the streets and alleys of the said City, Frank A.

Clark representing said Company appeared before the Board and presented the matter in full, A.W.
Jurden and H.M. Lillis Citizens of said City addressed the said Board relative to said natter.

The purposed ordinance was read in full to the Board the question of adopting said ordinance
upon the first reading came on before the Board and upon motion of McGovern and seconded by
Coughlin it was resolved: as follows towit:- " It appearing to the Board that a necessity exists
for submitting the ordinance relating to a gas franchise to a vote at this meeting upon the first
reading thereof it is hereby resolved that such necessity exists and hat the said ordinance be
submitted for vote thereon at this meeting ". the vote on said resolution be as follows towit:-
Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Thereupon the said ordinance as the same appears in the ordinance book of the City of
Las Vegas, to which reference is hereby made was duly adopted upon the motion of McGovern and
seconded by Von Tobel and upon the following vote, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart aye.

Von Tobel aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, . Upon motion duly made and carried the Board

adjourned untill the next regular meeting
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
January 3rd, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

held January 3rd, in the Office of the City Clerk, Present Hon, Peter Buol, Mayor , commissioners

Von Tobel, Stewart, McGovern, and Coughlin, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved, all claims allowed per claim Book.

Upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel, and duly carried it was ordered that
the Clerk and ex-offico license Collector is hereby ordered and directed not to issue any more
slot machine licenses in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. the vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin aye, McGovern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol. aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the acceptance of the Consolidated Light
and Power Company, franchise to install and conduct a gas company in said $$$$$$ City, per
ordinance No. 22, as appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one of said City.

A request from the Salt Lake Brewing Company to dig and place a cesspool in the alley
off of Fremont Street between main and First street, was after due consideration upon the part
of the Board, rejected, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye,

Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, .

An ordinance regarding the shutting off of water supply in said City was read before the

Board for the second reading, it was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and

duly carried ordered that said ordinance be adopted as appears more fully in ordinance book one

of ordinance under the head of ordinance No. 24. of said City the vote being cast as follows towit:-

Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel aye, and his Honor the Mayor voting aye,



An ordinance providing for the keeping of Certain Moneys In a fund to be known as "Street
Fund" was next read before the Board in full, and it appearing to the Board that an emergency
existed in this matter it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried
ordered that this ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance. the vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin ,aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol voting aye,. thereafter the Board proceeded to vote upon the ordinance it self as
appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one and known as ordinance No. 23. of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye, .

At this time Fire Chief L.D. Smith appeared before the Board with rules and regulations
regarding the Fire department of said City as passed by said Companies asking that the same
be approved by said Board, as appears more fully by the record now on file and of record in the
office of the Clerk of this Board. after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
ordered that said rules be adopted by this Board, as presented by said Fire Chief. the vote being
cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his
Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye,

The question of an ordinance concerning minors in said City relative to their visiting and
frequenting saloons, pool halls, and houses houses of ill-repute, coming up before the Board
for their consideration it was upon motion duly made and carried that the City Attorney be
instructed to draw and ordinance the same and submitt, the same to the Board for their consideration

 at their next regular meeting in February, A.D. 1912. the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,

At this time Mr J.Hicks appeared before the Board with a proposition relative installing

 a fire signal system for said City, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it
was upon motion by von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that Mr Hicks
is hereby instructed by this Board to draw Plans and specifications for said City coverning this
matter, and submitt the same to the Board at their next regular meeting in February 1912. and
further that he be allowed the sum of $30.00 for said work. the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting
aye.

Upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel it was ordered that the Street Commissioner

be allowed the sum of one hundred dollars for street purposes. the vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter
Buol, aye,

Per a written request of this Board directed to the Board of County Commissioners of Clark

County relating to, the apportionment to the City of Las Vegas certain monies belonging to said

City out of the Las Vegas, Road district fund, the Clerk presented to the Board a written report

of said County Commissioners of Clark County relative to said request, in which it was found that



said City of Las Vegas was entitled to the sum of $1456.20 as appears more fully by said report
now on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.

Office of the City Clerk, January 13th, A.D. 1912.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Minutes of Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held at
the Office of the City Clerk on the 13th, day of January, 1912. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Upon calling of the Roll the following officers and members were found to be present, viz:
Mayor Buol, Commissioners, Stewart, Von Tobel, McGovern, and Coughlin, and City Clerk Harmon,

The Clerk thereupon read the Call and Notice given for this special meeting and the same
together with certificate of service of said notice ordered spread upon the minutes of this meeting

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 12th, 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, Esq:

City Clerk. City.

Dear Sir:

I hereby issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 13th, day of
January, 1912. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the following

 business, viz:	1. To consider and act on the matter of releasing Sutherlin & Co. from the

bid heretofore made by said Company upon the sewerage bonds of the City of Las Vegas. 2. To consider
and act on the matter of offering for sale or selling the sewerage bonds, the issue of which has
been heretofore authorized. 3. To transact any and all business relating to the above mentioned
matters.	And you are hereby requested and directed to give notice of the holding

of said meeting as by law provided. Respectfully. Peter Buol. Mayor.

Filed January 12, A.D. 1912. Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 12. 1912.
To, Mayor Peter Buol. Mayor, Commissioners, Coughlin McGovern, Stewart, and Von Tobel, City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, City. You are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by
the Honorable Mayor of the City of Las Vegas therefore a special meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners will be held on the 13th, day of January, 1912. at the office of the City Clerk
in the City of Las Vegas, to consider and set upon the following business vlz:-

1. To consider and act on the matter of releasing Sutherlin & Co. from the bid heretofore
made, by said Company upon the sewerage bonds of the City of Las Vegas. 2., To consider and act
on the matter of offering for sale or selling the sewerage bonds, the issue of which has been
heretofore authorized. 3, To transact any and all business relating to the above mentioned
matters. Said meeting will be held at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. on said day, and you are
authorized and requested to be present.	Respectfully, Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Filed, January 12th, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon, the duly appointed and qualified and acting City Clerk in
for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I received the above notice from the
Mayor of said City on the 12th, day of January A.D. 1912. and that on said day I made out and
deposited in the Post office of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid and addressed to
Commissioners Coughlin, McGovern, Stewart, and Von Tobel, and the Mayor of said City, copies of
the said Notice of said special meeting, to be held on the 13th, day of January as appears above
in full on these minutes.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 13th, day of January A.D. 1912.

Filed January 12, 1912.	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Mayor Buol presented to the meeting the letter of Sutherlin & Co. of date the 3rd, day
of January, 1912. wherein and whereby the said Sutherlin & Co. gave notice that they would not
be further bound by the contract of purchase of Las Vegas sewer bonds under their bid accepted
on December 6th, 1911. and offered to purchase the bonds at par value. The Mayor also presented

to the meeting the letter of Sutherlin & Co. of date the 8 day of January 1912.

enclosing the Original of Financial statement furnished said Co. by the City of Las Vegas and
upon which the bid of the said Sutherlin & Co. is claimed to have been based, and upon the mistake
in which said Company bases its refusal to be bound by said contract of purchase. Upon motion
duly made, seconded and unanimously carried it was ordered that said letter be filed with the City
Clerk, the said original Statement to be returned to Sutherlin & Co. After due consideration
of the matter of the refusal of said Sutnerlin & Co. to carry out said contract of December 6,
1911. and after consideration of the offer of said Sutherlin & Co. to take said bonds at par value
the following resolution was duly adopted:	"Whereas, Sutherlin & Co. of Kansas City Mo. have

refused to purchase the Las Vegas Sewer Bonds heretofore authorized to be issued and sold, such
refusal being based upon the grounds set forth in their letters on file with this Board, and
Whereas, the said Sutherlin & Co. have made a tentative offer to purchase said bonds at par
value, and Whereas, it appears to this Board to be to the best interest of the City of Las Vegas
to release the said Sutherlin & Co. from its contract of purchase made on December 6, 1911.
provided a new contract can be consummated between the City of Las Vegas and said Sutherlin & Co.
for the purchase by said Sutherlin & Co. of said bonds upon the same terms and conditions as said
original contract, less the premium of Eight Hundred and Eighty five dollars therein provided,

Now Therefore, it is hereby ordered that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they hereby are authorized

 to immediately telegraph to the said Sutherlin & Co. on behalf of the Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas offering to sell said sewer bonds to said Company upon the same
terms and conditions as the original contract of December 6, 1911. less the premium of Eight

hundred and Eighty five dollars; the City to retain the check of said Sutherlin & Co. of $400.00
as a guarantee of good faith under the new contract. It is further ordered that upon the
acceptance of such offer and the formation of a contract to the effect above mentioned the said
Mayor and City Clerk be and they hereby are authorized and directed to execute and deliver on
behalf of said City of Las Vegas a full release to said Sutherlin & Co. from the terms of the
said contract of purchase of December 6, 1911.

The vote upon said resolution was as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye,
Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor he Mayor Peter Buol. aye,

It was then upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn untill the Wednesday
January 17, A.D. 1912. at 8'o'clock P.M. to take up any and all matters relating to said sewerage Bond

issue.

The Board meet pursuant to adjournment of January 13th 1912 present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and all members of the
Board, no word having been received from Sutherlin and Co, relating to said Bond issue it was
then upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Board adjourn untill Friday January 19th,
1912. at 8o'clock P.M. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye,

Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas
Nevada, January 17th, A.D. 1912.

Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada, Jan, 1912.
The Board met pursuant to adjournment present Hon, Peter Buol. Mayor and all Commissioners and
members of the Board and City Clerk. The Clerk then read before the Board, the telegram of
Sutherlin & Company, of date January 15th, 1912. and their letter of January 15th, 1912.
whereby they the said Sutherlin & Company acknowledged the receipt of said telegram of said
City of date January 13th, 1912. It was then after due consideration upon the part of the Board
and upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the following contract be read in full towit:
The Clerk then proceeded to read the following in full to the Board. This agreement ,
made and entered into in duplicate at Las Vegas, Nevada on this 19th, day of January, 1912.
by and between the City fo Las Vegas, a municipal corporation of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, the party of the first part, and Sutherlin & Company , of Kansas City, State of Missouri,
the parties of the second part, Witnesseth:	That the said party of the first part hereby

agrees to sell to the said parties of the second part $40,000.00 , legally issued Sewer Bonds
of the City of Las Vegas, in denominations of $1,000.00 each, to be dated February 1st, 1912.
maturing $4,000.00 ten years from said first day of February, 1912. and $4,000.00 annually

thereafter until paid, bearing interest at the rate of six per cent, per annum payable semi-
-annually on the first day of January and the first day of July of each year at some bank mutually
satisfactory, and such bonds to be sold to the second parties at the price of Forty Thousand
Dollars, ($40,000.00) in lawful money of the united states of America and accrued interest at
the date of delivery and the parties of the second part as a portion of the purchase price to
furnish without expence to the City the lithographed bonds. the party of the first part further
agrees prior to the delivery of the bonds to the second parties in Kansas City, to furnish to
the second parties a complete certified transcript of the record of proceedings had in and
about the issuance of such bonds that will evidence their legality to the satisfaction of the
attorneys of the second parties. The parties of the second part hereby agree to purchase the
above mentioned sewer bonds on or before February 6, 1912. upon the terms and conditions above
set forth.

It is mutually understood and agreed between the parties hereto that as an evidence
of good faith under this agreement the first party is to hold and retain the certified check
for Four hundred Dollars, ($400.00) on the Commerce Trust Company of Kansas City, Missouri
heretofore deposited by the second parties with the first party; said Check to be held by the
first party until the bonds have been approved by the attorneys for the second parties, and
forfeited in the event the second parties decline to take the bonds after they have secured an
unqualified approving opinion from their own attorneys on said securities. Said check shall be
returned to the second parties in the event their attorneys decline to approve the bond issue.

This contract shall become a part of and control the endorsement heretofore made by the second
parties on said certified check, It is mutually understood between the parties hereto that the
bonds herein referred to are the bonds authorized to be issued by said City at an election held
in the City of Las vegas on the 10th, day of October, 1911. It is further mutually understood
and agreed between the parties hereto that upon the signing of this agreement by both of the
parties hereto and the return of one copy to the City of Las Vegas the second parties shall be
released from any and all liability to the City of Las Vegas arising or growing out of the bid
made upon said bonds by the second parties on December, 2, 1911. which said bid was accepted
by said City on the 6th, day of December, 1911. In Witness whereof, the said party of the
first part by and through its Mayor and City Clerk thereunto first duly authorized has hereunto
set its corporate name and signature; and caused the same to be duly attested by the seal of 
said City: and the said parties of the second part have hereunto set their name and signature,
the day and year in this agreement first above written.

Attest: (SEAL)

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

The City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
By Peter Buol.

Its Mayor.

Sutherlin & Company.

By ____________

It was then upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the foregoing contract be
adopted as read, and that the Mayor and City Clerk of said City are hereby authorized to
execute said contract on behalf of said City and forward the same to Sutherlin & Company for
their approval and signature the vote being cast as follows towit:- Commissioners Coughlin, aye,
McGovern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye, There being
no further business before the Board, it was upon motion duly made and carried Ordered that the
Board adjourn untill the next regular meeting.
	Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, in and for the County of Clark,

January 30th, 1912.

Minutes of a  special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held at the office of the City Clerk, on the 30th, day of January A.D. 1912. at the hour of
eight o'clock. P.M. Upon calling the roll the following officers and members were found
to be present, viz: Mayor. Buol. Ed. Von Tobel, W.J. Stewart, Chas Mc Govern, and City Clerk
Harmon, The Clerk thereupon read the call and Notice given for this special meeting and
the same together with certificate of service of said notice ordered spread upon the minutes
of this meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 27th, 1912.

Mr Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk,

City.	Dear Sir:	I hereby issue a call for a special meeting of the Board

of commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on
the 30th, day of January, A.D. 1912. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. of said day to consider
and act upon the following business, viz:	To act upon matters relating to the sewer bond

issue of the City of Las Vegas, and such other matters that may come before the Board relative
to said sewer Bond issue. To act upon and consider the matter of offering for sale or
selling the sewerage bonds, the issue of which has been heretofore authorized.

Respectfully.

Peter Buol. Mayor.

To Mayor Buol. Commissioners, Coughlin, Me Govern, Stewart, and Von Tobel, City of Las Vegas,
Your are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Hon. Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas therefore a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners will be held on the
30th, day of January, A.D. 1912. at the office of the City Clerk in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
to consider and act upon the following business viz:	1, To act upon matters relating to

the sewer bond issue of the City of Las Vegas, and such other matters that may come before
the Board relative to said sewer bond issue.	2, To consider and act upon the matter of

offering for sale or selling the sewerage bonds, the issue of which has been heretofore
authorized.	Yours truly

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Filed January 27th, 1912.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified City Clerk for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby certify that I received the above notice from the Mayor of said
City on the 27th, day of January. 1912. and that on said day I made out and deposited in the
Post office of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid and addressed to Commissioners
Coughlin, McGovern, Stewart, and Von Tobel, and the Mayor of said City copies of the said
Notice of said special meeting, to be held on the 30th, day of January. 1912. as appears
above in full on the minutes.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, this 30th, day of January

A.D. 1912.	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed January 27th, 1912.

The Clerk then presented to the Board and read in full the letter from
Sutherlin & Co. of date January 24th, 1912. wherein and whereby the said Sutherlin & Co. had
returned said contract forwarded to them by said Board of City Commissioners of date January 19

th, 1912. wherein above other things is was noticed by said Board that the said Sutherlin &
Company had changed said contract so as to eliminate the date of delivery of said Bonds. It was
after due consideration of the matter of the refusal of said Sutherlin & Co. to agree to said

contract of date January 19th, 1912. the following resolution was adopted towit: and the



Clerk and Mayor of this Board is hereby authorized to send the following telegram to said Sutherlin & Co.

Las Vegas, Nevada January 30th, 1912.

Sutherlin & Co. Commerce Bldg.

Kansas City Mo.	Your letter twenty fourth instant received, Board of Commissioners by

resolution passed today require you either accept their offer as per draft of contract dated
the nineteenth instant and transmitted in letter of City Clerk dated the twentieth instant or
all negotiations are hereby closed. if proposition is accepted by you wire us immediately and
your telegram of acceptance together with this telegram and the draft of contract as signed
by you and transmitted in your letter of twenty fourth instant will form completed contract
that will restore those portions stricken out of the draft of the agreement by you otherwise 
transmitt all papers plans specifications and contracts to First State Bank here and your
contract and check will be delivered.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Attested:	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

The vote upon said resolution was as follows towit:	McGovern, aye, Stewart

aye, Von Tobel, aye, his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol , aye,. It was then upon motion duly made
and carried ordered that said Board adjourn untill the next regular meeting in February 1912.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor, Commissioners Coughlin, $$$$$$$$, Stewart, and Von Tobel.

Minutes of the last special meeting held January 30th, A.D. 1911. read and approved as read.
Reports of officers read and approved and ordered filed.

All Bill allowed per claim, except the claim of the Clark County Review for printing ordinance
of the Consolidated Light and power Company for a gas franchise, which was ordered returned
to said Clark County Review as the said claim was a charge against the Consolidated Light and
power Company, and not the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time the following was read before the Board :

Pasadena California. January 22nd 1912

To the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:

I the undersigned Philip Buck do hereby petition your Hon Body to grant to me, my heirs
and assigns a 25 year franchise (City to have the right of purchase)on appraised value at	

any time during the life of the franchise), to lay water mains in the streets alleys and
public places of Bucks Subdivision of Las Vegas Nevada. and extensions therefrom to and through
other legal divisions of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, subject to the regulations of the
Board of City Commissioners, To sell water for Irrigation and domestic use. Yours truly.

Philip Buck.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and
seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that said request be granted, and that Philip
Buck be granted a franchise, thereafter the Clerk proceeded to read before the Board an ordinance

 covering the same, after further deliberations upon the part of the Board it was upon



motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel order and duly carried ordered that said franchise
go over until the next regular meeting for a second reading, the votebeing cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, $$$$$$$$ aye, and von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter

Buol aye.

At this time Frank A Clark President of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company
appeared before the Board and presented a plat of the proposed mains for the distribution of
gas per section 10, Ordinance 22 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. as appears more fully from
said plat now on file in the Office of the City Clerk and ex-offico Clerk of this Board, upon
motion of and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that said plat be
accepted and placed on file, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye. $$$$$$$$,

 aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

An ordinance governing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on before
the Board and the same being read before the Board in full it was upon motion of of Commissioner
Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel ordered that said ordinance be laid over for the second reading
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, $$$$$$$$$$$$, Stewart aye, Von Tobel,

aye and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

At this time the Clerk read the following before the Board. Las Vegas, Nevada, Feb.7.12.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners Las vegas, Nevada. Dear Sirs:-

At a regular meeting February 6th, of the Chamber of Commerce of Las Vegas Nevada there
was a resolution voted on passed and referred to the Committee of County and City Municipal
affairs of which I am Chairman asking your Hon. board to pass an ordinance for the numbering
of houses and buildings of this City and regulating signs over and across sidewalks.

Yours truly. W.E. Hawkins.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the same be laid over until the next regular meeting of this Board.

The question of an alarm system for fire in said City coming on before the Board it was
upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the same be laid over until the next regular
meeting of the Board.

The question of a tree ordinance coming on before the Board, regarding the planting

of trees in and upon the streets of the City of Las Vegas, it was ordered that the Clerk of this

Board read said proposed ordinance in full to said Board, after the reading of said ordinance

the question of adopting said ordinance upon the first reading coming on before Board it was



upon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Stewart, it was resolved: as follows towit:- It

appearing to the Board that a necessity exists for submitting the ordinance of trees to vote

at this meeting upon the first reading therefore it is hereby resolved that such necessity exists

and that the said ordinance be submitted for vote thereon at this meeting" the vote on said

resolution being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, $$$$$$$$, aye,  Von Tobel, aye, Stewart aye.

and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye, . Thereupon the said ordinance as the same appears in the

ordinance book of the City of Las Vegas, to which reference is hereby made was dully adopted



upon the motion of Von Tobel seconded by Stewart, and upon the following vote towit:-
Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, $$$$$$$$ aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

At this time the question of allowing street Commissioner the sum of one hundred and
fifty dollars for work upon the street coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made
and carried that the sum of one hundred and fifty dollars be allowed Street Commissioners w.J.
Stewart for work upon the street and alleys of said City.

The attention of the Board was called to the fact that the next regular meeting of the
of the Board would be held two days after the regular meeting of the Board of County Commissioners
of Clark County, Nevada, at which meeting of the Board of County Commissioners the regular levy of
taxes for County and State would be made, and at which time the said Board of County Commissioners

would levy taxes for the City of Las Vegas under sect. 57, of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
if any such taxes are to be levied for the year 1912. Thereupon upon motion of Commissioners
Stewart, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin, and duly carried, the following resolution was
duly adopted:	" Resolved that an Ad Valorm tax of one dollar ($1.00) be and the same hereby is

levied for the year 1912. upon each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated an d
lying within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, including the net proceeds
of the mines, except such property as is exempt by law from taxation, said tax to be known and used
as "The City of Las Vegas Tax for the year 1912," according to the provisions of sec. 51 of an act
of the State of Nevada, entitled " An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas in Clark County,
and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a City Government

therefore, and other matters relating thereto, Approved March 16, 1911. and Be It Further
Resolved, that the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County be and they hereby are requested
to levy the above mentioned tax for the above mentioned purposes under the above mentioned Act at
their regular meeting in the month of March 1912. and Be It Further resolved, that the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas transmit to and file with said Board of County Commissioners prior to said
meeting in March, 1912. a certified Copy of this resolution, and that such certified copy be the
authority and request for the levy of such taxes by said Board of County Commissioners". The vote
on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Von Tobel, Stewart, Coughlin and his Honor

the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye. No votes to the contrary.

Upon motion of Commissioners Coughlin, seconded by Commissioners Stewart, the following

resolution was duly adopted:	Whereas, the City of Las Vegas has been unsuccessful in placing

its Forty thousand Dollars of sewer bonds heretofore authorized to be issued, and it is
necessary to enter into negotiations with other then those heretofore making bids and propositions

 for the purchase of the same, Now, therefore, Be it resolved, that the City Clerk, Harley

A. Harmon, and the Mayor Peter Buol, be and they hereby are constituted and appointed a Committee
for the purpose and with the authority to enter into negotiations upon the terms obtainable
for the sale of the said Forty Thousand dollars of sewer bonds, provided, however that no actual
sale of such bonds shall be made by said Committee until the price and terms of sale shall have
been approved by this Board. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart, aye,
Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayo Peter Buol. voting aye.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the Board adjourn until the next
regular meeting of the Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

March, 6th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and all members of the Board, and Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved and read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against theCity allowed per claim Book.

At this time A.J. Frye Night Marshall of the said City tendered to the Board his resignation

 as such Night Marshall to take effect March 12th, 1912. upon motion of Commissioners
Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried the following was adopted towit:- " Whereas
Mr A.J. Frye Night Marshall of the City of Las Vegas has tendered his resignation as Night
Marshall of the said City of Las Vegas, to take effect March 12th, 1912. and, whereas the said
A.J. Frye has served the City of Las Vegas loyally and faithfully the said resignation is accepted
and the thanks of the City Counsel of the City of Las Vegas, are hereby tendered to the said
A.J. Frye for his faithful services.	

Fire Commissioners Von Tobel then announced to the Board the name of Frank E. Toph as
night marshall to fill the vacancy of A.J. Frye, at a salary of one hundred and fifteen dollars
per Month, to take effect March 12. 1912. upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the
sum of one thousand dollars and his oath of office, the same to be approved by the Mayor, upon
motion duly made and carried it was ordered that said appointment be approved by this Board.

A request of W.E. Hawkins Chairman of County and Municipal affairs of the Chamber of
Commerce relating to signs across and over sidewalks of said City and the numbering of houses
in said City was ordered laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

To following petition was then read before the Board:- "To the City Commissioners
of the City of Las vegas:-	we respectfully petition your body to cause to be established

a fire hydrant in the alley, in the center or near the center of block 2, in Clark's

Las Vegas Townsite, so that the same might be convenient for fire purposes in order to reach



a fire any where on Fremont or First streets now built up with buildings, adjoining those streets
Signed,	W.R. Thomas, H.E. Squires, OOC. Boggs, B.F. Boggs, O.D. Hicks, A.N. Pauff and

J.S. Wisner.

After due consideration of the matter it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by
Mc Govern and duly carried that the said request be granted. the vote being cast as follows
towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol aye.

At this time Commissioner Von Tobel, asked the Board that the City Attorney be instructed

to draw up ordinance Governing the shutting off of water in all parts of the City when
said Fire Company department is fighting fires. upon motion duly made and carried it was
ordered that said request of Commissioners Von Tobel be granted, and the City Attorney so
instructed.

The franchise of Philip K. Buck. for a franchise to install, maintain and operate
a system of water works in Bucks sub division of Las Vegas, and to make extensions thereto
from time to time, and prescribing the terms and conditions under which this franchise is
granted then read before the Board for second reading, the Clerk then proceeded to read said
ordinance in full to the Board, after the reading of the same it was upon motion of Stewart
and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that said ordinance be granted as read as appears
more fully in ordinance Book one of said said City, and to which reference is hereby made.

The vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart aye, Von

Tobel, aye , and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.
At this time Fire Chief L.D. Smith appeared before the Board requesting that they have
an ordinance drawn covering and defining the duties of the Fire Chief, also setting forth his
power and authority at all fires, upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern it was ordered
that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up said ordinance and as requested by said Fire
Chief L.D. Smith.

An ordinance Fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building constructions

and the storage and keeping of combustibles and explosives was then read before the Board
for second reading, after the reading of the same in full by the Clerk of this Board it was then
upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried that the said ordinance be passed
as read and appears more fully in ordinance Book number one of the City of Las Vegas to which
reference is hereby made.

The question of an Fire Auto for the City of Las Vegas coming on before the Board, it was
after due consideration upon the part of each and every member of the Board and upon motion of
Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel ordered and duly carried that the Mayor appoint a Committee
to enquire into and investigate said question and report to this Board. the vote being cast as
follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor
the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,. Thereafter the Mayor appointed the following Commissioners as said
Committee, Commissioner McGovern, and Commissioner Stewart.

The question of an fire alarm system coming on before the Board and after general debate
by all members of the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by McGovern and duly carried
ordered that said matter be laid on the table. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin,
aye, Mc Govern aye, Stewart, No. Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, No.

An ordinance to prevent Minors from Frequenting Saloons and Disreputable places was then
read before the Board in full, upon motion of Von Tobel, and seconded by Coughlin it was ordered
that this ordinance go over for the second reading, the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

The City Clerk reported that he in accordance with the authorization of the Board heretofore

made returned to Sutherlin and Company, of Kansas City their certified check of $400.00

and notified said Sutherlin and Company. to return all papers, contracts and plans and specifications

which had been sent to them by and upon the authorization of this Board in connection
with the sale of sewer bonds, The Clerk further reported that the above mentioned papers had
been so returned by said Sutherlin and Company. Upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded

by Commissioner Stewart the following preamble and resolution was upon motion being put to a
vote duly adopted: Whereas, all negotiations have ended relative to the sale of the $40,000.00
sewer bonds to Sutherlin and Company, under their bid accepted in December, 1911. and also subsequent

negotiations and all papers returned by said Company and by the City, and Whereas, the
Mayor, Peter Buol and the City Clerk Harley A. Harmon were by resolution adopted at the meeting
of February, 7, 1912. authorized to negotiate the sale of the said sewer bonds with other parties

Now. Therefore be it resolved that the sum of $75.00 be and the same is hereby appropriated

out of the general fund of the City and the Clerk of this City authorized to draw his warrant upon
the City Treasurer for that amount to be paid to the Mayor Peter Buol to defray his expenses for
a trip to Los Angeles, California for the purpose of carrying on negotiations for the placing and
sale of said bonds as per said resolution Feb. 7, 1912.

The vote of aid resolution was as follows towit:- Commissioners Von Tobel. Stewart ,

Mc Govern and Coughlin, voting aye. the Mayor not Voting.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the City Attorney be instructed

to draw up an ordinance to prevent the use of gasoline stoves in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
The question of collection an examination fee from the denizen of the red light District
coming on before the Board, it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board, upon motion
duly made and carried ordered that the City Attorney is hereby instructed to notify Dr Roy W. Martin
to discontinue the collection of said fee until authorized so to do by this Board. The vote being
cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor
the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

The question of transfer of all moneys belonging to the City of Las Vegas, now in the hands
of the County of Clark Coming on before the Board, it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered
that the County Commissioners of Clark County are hereby requested to apportion to the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, such monies now in the hands of Clark County to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
as per section 32 of the Act of the State of Nevada establishing the City of Las Vegas, approved
March 16, 1911. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern
aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 20th, A.D. 1912.

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held at the office of the City Clerk, on the 16th, day of March. A.D. 1912. at the hour of
eight o'clock. P.M. Upon calling the roll the following officers and members were found to be
present, viz; ED. Von Tobel. Mayor Protem Commissioners W.J. Stewart, Chas. McGovern, and J.J.

Coughlin. and City Clerk Harmon, the Clerk thereupon read the call and Notice for this special
meeting and the same together with certificates of service of said notice ordered spread upon the
minutes of this meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada. Call for special meeting of
the Board.	To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Dear Sir:-

In the absence of the Mayor from this City I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of 
City Commissioners, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the l6th, day of March. A.D. 1912. at
at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering the reported action of the San
Pedro , Los Angeles, and Salt Lake R.R.Co. in erecting poles and stringing wires in the streets of
the City of Las Vegas without procuring the consent of the said City so to do, and at such meeting
to provide for such investigation and for the taking of such action relative thereto as may by said
Board be deemed necessary and advisable. You will please make and serve notice of such meeting
upon the members of said Board of Commissioners forthwith.

Ed. Von Tobel. Mayor Protem of Las Vegas.

Filed March 16th, A.D. 1912'

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 16th, 1912.

To. ED. Von Tobel. Mayor Protem, W.J. Stewart. J.J. Coughlin, and Chas. McGovern,

My Dear Sirs:- You will please take notice pursuant to a call of this day issued by the

Mayor protem of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said 

City will be held at the office of the City Clerk on the l6th, day of March A.D. 1912. at the

hour of eight o'clock P.M. for the purposes of considering the reported action of the San Perdo
Los Angeles and Salt Lake R.R. Company in the erecting of poles and stringing wires in the streets
in the City of Las Vegas, without procuring the consent of said City so to do. and to provide for such
investigation and for the taking of such action relative thereto as may by said Board be deemed
necessary and advisable.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada this 16th, day of March A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Filed March 16th, 1912. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada
County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and acting City Clerk in and for the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I did on the 16th, day of March A.D. 1912. make personal
service upon the person above named of the foregoing notice, handing them a copy of the same and
informing them of the contents of the same. and of the said special meeting to be held on the 16th,
day of March A.D. 1912.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 16th, day of March A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon , City Clerk.

Filed March 16th, A.D. 1912.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded

by W.J. Stewart and duly ordered that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do



in special meeting assembled hereby ordered and directed the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, to notify
the San Perdo, Los Angeles, and Salt Lake. R.R. Company. and the Las Vegas Land and water Company
to absolutely desist and refain from placing or installing, or attempting to place or install, in
or upon or along Bridger street in the City of Las Vegas, or in or upon or along any of the streets
alleys or highways of the City of Las Vegas any poles, wires or appliances for the purposes of conducting

electricity for heat, light or power purposes within the City of Las Vegas, or for telephone
or telegraph purposes, without having first obtained from the said City of Las Vegas, without first
having obtained from the said City of Las Vegas the right, permission, consent and authority so to do.

It is further resolved that the work of digging holes and the erection and installation
of wires by said Companies or either of them now in progress is without permission and consent of
this City, and without any right or authority and an encroachment upon the rights of this City.

The Vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye, and
his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel.
	Las Vegas, Nevada March 26th, A.D. 1912.

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Neva.
held at the office of the City Clerk, on the 26th day of March. A.D. 1912. at the hour of seven o'
clock P.M. Upon the calling of the roll the following officers and members were found present
Mayor Protem Ed. Von. Tobel, Commissioners, Stewart, Coughlin, and McGovern, the Clerk thereupon
read the call and Notice of the special meeting and the same together with certificate of service
of said notice was ordered spread upon the minutes of this meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada March 26th, A.D. 1912.

To Harley A. Harmon , City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:- In the absence of the Mayor from this City I hereby call a special meeting of
the Beard of City Commissioners, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 26th, day of
March A.D. 1912. at the hour of seven 9 o'click P.M. for the purpose of considering and acting upon
the petition of the Las Vegas Land and Water company for authority and permission to construct and
maintain pole lines in said City.	Signed : Ed. Von Tobel Mayor Protem.

Filed this 26th, day of March A.D. 1912. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

To Mayor Ed Von Tobel Mayor protem, Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, and McGovern.

March 26th, 1912.

My Dear Sirs:-	This is to notify you that pursuant to a call of the Mayor protem Ed Von Tobel

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada there wil1 be a special meeting of tne Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at seven o'clock P.M. in the office of the City Clerk of said
City to consider and act upon the petition of the Las Vegas Land and water Company for authority
and permission to construct and maintain polelines in said City, as is mere fully set forth is

 said petition.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 26th day of March A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed March 26th, A.D. 1912.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified acting City Clerk in and for the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I made personal service of the above notice on the aforesaid

Commissioners, by handing to each of them personally a copy of the aforesaid Notice of said
special meeting.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 26th, day of March A.D. 1912.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed March 26th, A.D. 1912.

At this time F.R. McNamee presented to the Board the following petition which was read
before the Beard in full, " Application for permission to construct a pole line. To the Hon.
Beard of Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada
The Las Vegas Land and water company, a corporation, organized and existing under and by virtue
of the laws of the State of Nevada, makes application to your Hon, Board for permission and
authority to construct, install, repair and maintain, for its private use and benefit, a line
of poles wires and appliances for the purposes of conducting and transmitting light and power
and for telephone and telegraph purposes, in, through, over, across and along each of the streets
and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, in said County of Clark, viz: Commencing at the property
line of the San Perdo, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company at the western extremity of
Bridger Street, and extending southeasterly along Bridger Street to the center of Block No. 21;
thence, southwesternly along, over and through the alley of blocks No. 21, 22, 23, and 24, to

Garces Street, which said streets and alleys are fully delineated on the map of Clarks Las Vegas
townsite, being a subdivision of parts of Sections 27 and 34, T.20 S., R, 61 E, M.D.B.M.
The said permission and authority to continue and endure so long as said applicant, and its
successors, shall Keep said line in proper condition and repair. That annexed to this application,

 and made a part hereof, is a plat correctly showing and delineating in red lines, as far
as practicable, the streets, alleys and places where poles shall be placed and installed.

Wherefore, your applicant prays that upon the hearing of this application it may be granted

such permission and authority, subject to such reasonable conditions as may he prescribed by

your Hon, Beard. Dated this 26th, day of March 1912. Las Vegas Land and Water Company.

By Walter R. Bracken, its agent.

Upon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Stewart, the following
resolution was duly adopted:	Resolved that the following permission and authority be and the

same hereby is granted to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, viz:	Permit:

To construct, install, repair, and maintain, for its private use and benefit, a line of
poles, wires and appurtenances for the purpose of conducting and transmitting electricity for
light and power and for telephone and telegraph purposes, in, through, ever, across and along
the following streets and alley of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,

viz: Commencing at the property line of the San Perdo, Los Angeles, and Salt Lake Railroad Company

at the western extremity of Bridger Street, and extending southeasterly along Bridger Street
to the center of Block 21, thence, southwesterly along, over and through the alley of Blocks
Nos. 21, 22, 23, and 24. to Garces Street, which said streets and alley are fully delineated on the
map of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite, being a subdivision of parts of Sections 27 and 34, T. 20 S.,

R, 6l, E.M.D.B.&.M..; provided that said poles shall not be less than thirty feet in height, and
the wires strung thereon shall not be less than twenty- five feet above the ground, and provided
further that said Las Vegas Land and Water Co., shall with due diligence, provide itself, at its
expence, a competent electrician to cut, repair and replace wires in all cases where such cutting
or repairing or replacing is made necessary by the removal of buildings or other property through
said streets or alley. It is further provided that said Las Vegas Land and Water Company
shall keep such poles, wires and appurtenances in good repair, so as not to interfere with the
passage of persons or vehicles, or the safety of persons or property, and that the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall have authority to change the location of said poles
and appurtenances when the interest or conveniences of the public shall so require. It is
further provided that if any property, real or personal, abutting or adjacent to the
line of the right of way granted under this permit shall be injured or damaged by the running
or operating of the said lines under this permit the grantee herein shall be liable for all	

such injuries and damages due to the negligence of the said grantee, and shall held the City
of Las Vegas harmless from any and all such injuries and damages. It is further provided
that from and after thirteen months from the date of the granting of this permit an aires kept,
maintained or placed upon said poles and which shall be kept or used for the purposes ef transmit-
ting electricity for purposes other than for telephone and telegraph purposes shall at all times
be fully and properly insulated.	It	is further provided that the City of Las Vegas shall

at all times have power and right to make and enforce reasonable regulations and rules with regard
to the repair, maintenance and operation of said line of poles, wires and appurtenances, and to
change the rules and regulations from time to time as in the judgement of the Board of Commissioners
of said City may seem just a proper. It is further provided that the City of Las Vegas shall have
right during the life of this permit to install and maintain upon said line of poles a wire or wires
and appurtenances necessary and convenient for use in connection with fire or police alarm system
or systems which may be established by said City. It is further provided that this permit
shall continue and endure for a period of twenty-five years from the date of the granting of the

same unless the same be forfeited and annulled as hereinafter provided. It is further provided
that in case of failure or noncompliance upon the part of the said Las Vegas Land and water Company
to fulfil and carry out any and all of the stipulations mentioned in this permit, then the same
shall be null and void and of no effect, and shall work as a forfeiture of all rights and authority

granted or intended to be granted hereby. Acceptance of this permit by said grantee shall be
filed in writing with the City Clerk within thirty days from the date of the granting of this
permit; otherwise the same shall not go into effect.	This permit shall be signed by the Mayor

or Mayor protem. and attested by the City Clerk. Dated this 26th, day of March 1912.

(SEAL) Attest: Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

The vote being cast as fallows towit- Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Stewart aye, and
his Honor the Mayor Protem Ed Von Tobel, aye, .

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada April 3rd, 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor, and Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart,
McGovern and Von Tobel, and City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims allowed per claim book, reports of officers and Municipal Judge read and approved
as read.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the following from Philip K. Buck.

Los Angeles, Cal. March 15th, 1912.

To Mayor and Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada.

I the undersigned, hereby accept the term and conditions of the Charter under ordinance
No. 26,	Philip K. Buck.

It was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that said
acceptance be accepted and placed on file the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye,
Stewart, aye, Mc Govern aye, and Von Tobel, aye, his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

A written request from T.J. Boyle being read before the Board for a refund of license money
paid the City, $$$$$he claiming that he same was paid to said City for the privilege of conducting

 a knife rack which was found to be contrary to law was upon motion of McGovern and seconded
by Stewart ordered that said request be granted and the Clerk in instructed to draw a warrant
in favor of J.T. Boyle in the sum of five dollars, the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Coughlin aye, Mc Govern, aye, Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol.
aye.

An ordinance prohibiting the use of gasoline stoves in the City of Las Vegas was then read
before the Board and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of
Commissioner Von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be
laid on the table, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart aye, McGovern
aye, Von Tobel, aye and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

An ordinance regulating the Fire Department providing for the protection against fires
and other matters relating thereto. was then read before the Board and upon motion of Stewart
and seconded by McGovern it was ordered that this ordinance be laid over for the second reading
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye, von Tobel, aye
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

An ordinance to prevent Minors from Frequenting Saloons and Disreputable places, in the
City of Las Vegas was then read before the Board for second reading it was after due consideration
upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried
ordered that said ordinance be passed as read, as appears more fully in ordinance book of said
City. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, and Von

Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

At this time the question of abolishing the paid fire department in and for the City of
Las Vegas Coming on before the Board, it was after due consideration ordered that the following

be adopted: Whereas, The City of Las Vegas is paying each member of said fire department



of said City the sum of two dollars for each and every fire attended, and one dollar for attending one
meeting each month, and the further sum of three dollars to each captain attending a fire and the
further sum of two dollars to each captain attending the regular monthly meeting, and, Whereas,
it appears to this Board that it is to the best interest of the City to abandoned said paid system
and place said fire Department upon a voluntary basis it is upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by McGovern and duly carried, Ordered that the above resolution be passed, With the following
exceptions that the Chief be allowed the sum of Five dollars for each fire attended, the vote
being cast as follows towlt:- Coughlin, No, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, No, and his
honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.



At this time a ordinance regulating and prohibiting displays in moving pictures shows
was read before the Board, after due consideration upon the part of the Board, and the necessity

 appearing to the Board that an emergency existed it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded
by Stewart ordered that this ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance, the vote being cast
as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart aye, McGovern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his honor the
Mayor Peter Buol voting aye, as appears more fully in ordinance book one of said City under
ordinance No. 28 of said City. Board adjourned until the next regular, meeting in May, l912.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 1st, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin,
McGovern, & Von Tobel, with City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of Officers and conditions of funds read before the Board and approved as read.

At this time the Las Vegas Land and water Company filed its acceptance to the permit
granted by the City Counsel at its meeting of March 26th, 1912. as follows towit:- To The non.
Board of Commissioners City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. " Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, a corporation, hereby accepts the license and permission to construct and maintain

 for its private use and benefit a line of poles, wires and appurtenances for the transmission

 of electricity for light and power and for telephone and telegraph purposes along
Bridger street and through the alley of block 21, 22, 23, & 24, in said City of Las Vegas, here-
tofore granted by a resolution of said Board of Commissioners on the 26th, day of March, A.D.

1912. subject to the terms, condition and provisions contained therein.

In Witness whereof, Las Vegas Land and Water Company, has issued caused this acceptance
to be signed by its president and attested by its Secretary with its corporate seal affixed
this 13th day of April, 1912. in accordance with a resolution of its Board of Directors.
Attest:-	C.O. Whittmore, President

W.H. Comstock Secretary.

(SEAL)

It was then upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart ordered that said acceptance
be placed on file. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern
aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

The following Bill of R.B. Sproul was then read before the Board, To the value of two
Burrows converted and appropriated by said City and it s officials, 30.00 Dollars

To time and trouble to said Sproul occasioned in looking for such burros, $50.00 total
$80.00. and duly sworn to before W.R. Thomas Notary Public. after due consideration upon the
part of the Board it was upon motion by Stewart and seconded by McGovern and duly carried ordered
that the Clerk is instructed to draw a warrant in the sum of ten dollars and to tender the
said sum of ten dollars to R.B. Sproul, as this was the amount the said City received from
the sale of said burros. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye,
Mc Govern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time J.A. Delemater appeared before the Board and spoke on matters relating to the
Fire Department of said City followed by John Horden, Rev Palmer, and Frank Clark. J.A. Delemater

at this time presented to the Board the following resolution as adopted by the Citizens
mass meeting held April 29th, 1912. and asked that the same be read. the Clerk then read the
same full to the Board which appears as follows towit:- Las Vegas Nevada, April 29th, 1912.

To the Hon. City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen: At a citizens mass meeting held this date upon call of J..T. McWilliams
the following resolutions were endorsed and requested to be submitted to your Hon. body for
your kind consideration. Upon motion it was resolved to ask the City Commissioners in regular
session to provide this City with an organization of paid volunteer fire department for the
protection of life and property in this City, such organization to be perfected immediately.

It was further moved and seconded by that the proposed fire alarm system be installed
at once for the purpose of giving a proper alarm in case of fire in any part of the City.

The following committee was then appointed by the Chairman of the meeting to urge that
the above resolutions be properly presented to the Commission, viz: J.T. McWilliams,

Chairman, A.N. Pauff, J.A. Delameter, M.C. Thomas, Henery Squires, and E.A. Palmar. No further
business coming before this meeting it was regularly moved and seconded and carried, that
the said citizens mass meeting be adjourned.

Leonard Moore, Secretary.

At this time the members of the Board then informed the Citizens committee that they had
not received any notice of the resignations of said fire Company's whereupon Fire commissioner
Von Tobel at this time presented the following to said Board and stated that allthough the
same was addressed to the Citizens of Las Vegas Nevada it was to be treated as though it had
been addressed to the Board, as the said Fire Companies had resigned, the Clerk then read
the following to the Board in full. Las Vegas Nevada, To the Taxpayers and Citizens of Las Vegas
We the undersigned members of the Las Vegas Fire department hereby tender our resignations
as members of said Dept. to take effect at once, and while thanking the Citizens for their
loyal support in the past we deplore the necessity of this action through the unwarranted
smallnes of out City Commissioners. W.E. Sears, Capt. Hose Co. #2. W.E. Houck, Capt. No. 1.

Lenard Moore Sect. #2, F.W. Elliott Sect. E.W. Lewis #2, R.E. Rockwell C.W. Elloitt
Wm. L. Pearson#1, A.C. Petty#l, WmK. Moore #1, M.E. Clancey #1, Chas H. Todd#2, J. Fleming #2,

Bert French#2, J. Squires #1, E. Fluckenger #2, E. Miller #2, E. Lake #1,

It appearing to the Board from the evidence produced that said F_re Company had resigned
it was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern and duly carried ordered that the
said resignation of said Fire Companies No.1, and No.2, be accepted, the vote being as follows
towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time an ordinance regulating the Fire Department of said City Coming on before the

Board for second reading and the same being read in full to the Board it was upon motion of 

McGovern and seconded by Stewart ordered that said ordinance be passed as read as appears more

fully in ordinance Book one of said City under ordinance No. 30. to which reference is hereby

made, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel,

aye and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time Fire Commissioners von Tobel called to the attention of the Board the fact that

under and order of the Board of December 9th, 1911. it was among other things ordered that the

Chief of the Fire Department was to receive the monthly sum of $2.50 per month and the further sum

	

of $4.00 for each fire attended, stating to the Board that the, said orders was conflicting with
the order of the Board passed April 3rd, 1912. It was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded
by McGovern and duly carried ordered that, that part of the minutes of December 9th, 1911,
relating to the Salary of the Fire Chief be rescinded, the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Stewart aye, Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

The question of an Fire alarm system in the said City of Las Vegas coming on before the
Board it was due consideration upon the part of the Board, and upon motion of McGovern and
seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that the Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed
to advertise for bids for the construction and maintaining of, a fire alarm system in said
City as per palnse drawn by J.E. Hicks and now on file in the office of the City Clerk of said
City. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel
aye and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

The question of providing better fire equipment for the City coming on before the Board and

after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded

by Commissioners Coughlin, and duly carried that the Fire commissioner is hereby instructed

to obtain any and all information regarding the expence of purchasing horses, Harnesses and


other supplies necessary for the improvement of said fire Department. and to report the same

 at the next regular meeting the vote being cast as

follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the

Mayor Peter Buol aye,.

At this time the Committee appointed by the Mayor to inquire into the Fire Auto system
reported progress and asked for additional time to gather information, the same being granted.

It was upon motion of von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that this
Board adjourn until Friday May the 3rd, 1912. the vote being cast as follows: Coughlin aye,

Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk in and for the City
of Las Vegas May 3rd, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment of the
regular monthly meeting of said Board held on the 1st, day of May A.D. 1912. Present Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. At this time Henry Ulen
a representative of the American Light and Water Company a corporation made an oral proposal to
purchase the $40,000,00 sewerage Bonds heretofore authorized to be issued at par and accured interest
and also to act as the agent of the City for the purchase of material and employing and directing
labor in the construction of the sewer system for said City.

It was then after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of McGovern

and seconded by Coughlin, and duly carried ordered that the following resolution be adopted as

read before the Board in full. " Resolved: that the proposal of American Light and water Company

to act as agents for the City and to assist the City in the purchase of materials and employing and

directing labor in the construction of the sewer system for said City, the City to pay the actual

cost of all labor and material, and the American Light and Water Company to furnish a 7 1/2 foot by

26 inches trenching machine, the City to pay the cost of operating and maintaining same and the freight

thereon to said City of Las Vegas, American Light and Water Company to furnish at its own cost a

Superintendent of Construction and the City to pay said American Light and Water Company for said

services the sum of Sixty five hundred dollars and a sum equal to one half of such sum as said

sewer including said sixty five hundred dollars cost less than thirty eight thousand nine hundred

and forty dollars if the sewer is constructed as planned and thirty three thousand four hundred

ninety dollars if the sewer is constructed with an average depth of four feet, Said American Light

and Water Company guaranteeing that the total cost of construction including said sixty five hundred

dollars shall not cost to exceed said sums dependant upon which of said plans said sewer is constructed

under be and is hereby accepted, It being understood that said sum shall not include the cost

or fees paid or to be paid to Citys Engineer, and that the bid of American Light and Water Company
to purchase the $40.000,00 6 per cent sewer bonds of the City at par and interest be and is hereby
accepted and that the Mayor and Clerk of said City are hereby authorized and instructed to execute
a contract with said American Light and Water Company covering all of said matters in such form
terms and details as they and said Company may agree upon, same to be subject to approval of the
City Attorney.

	At this time Fire Commissioner Von Tobel reported to the Board the resignation of Fire Chief

L.D. Smith, it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern and duly carried ordered that
the same be accepted. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye,.

The question of providing ways and means for the watering of the trees of non-resident property

 owners in the City of Las Vegas coming on before the Board it was upon motion of McGovern
and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the following resolution be adopted:

" Resolved that the ladles of the Mesquite Club of the City of Las Vegas, are hereby allowed
a sum not to exceed twenty($2o.OO) Dollars per month to be used as they see fit for the watering
and care of trees in said City, and it so further ordered that this order is not to extend beyond
the first day of November, 1912. Bills to be rendered monthly , by said Mesquite Club to this Board
for its action and approval. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,
McGovern , aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, voting aye.

The question of adjournment coming on before the Board it was then upon motion of McGovern and
seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that the following be adopted towit:- that when this
meeting adjourn it adjourn to meet in adjourned regular session at the call of the Mayor. the vote
being cast as follows towit- Coughlin, aye, Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his

honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye. there being no further business the meeting adjourned per
the above order
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 5th, 1912.

At a regular'meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
June 5th, A.D. 1912. Present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern and
Von Tobel. roll called all answered present.

Minutes of the last regular and special meeting read and approved as read, Reports of officers
read and approved as read, All claims against the City allowed per claim book.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Von Tobel reported to the Board that he had looked
into the matter relating to the purchase of horses, harnesses and other matters relating to the
fire Department of said City, and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon
motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that said report be laid on
the table, the vote being cast as follows towit, Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, von
Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the opening of Bids on the purposed fire alarm system
in said City and the Clerk having reported that he had caused to be published in the Clark County
Review and notice to such effect, it was then ordered that said Bids be opened whereupon the Clerk
opened the following bids and read the same in full to the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 5th, 1912.

To the Board of City Commissioners City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:

I offer to install an electrically operated Fire alarm System according to your plans and
specifications for the sum of Fifteen Hundred dollars($1500.00) Respectfully. Ed. C. Hall.

June 5th, 1912.

To his Honor the Mayor and City Council City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:-

In response to your invitation for bids on the installation of an electric Fire alarm system
we will agree to do the job according to plans and specifications for the sum of twelve hundred
and Ninety five Dollars. ($1295). Respectfully Yours , J.E. Hicks and Co. By J.E. Hicks.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the satisfaction of the

Board that the Bids of J.E. Hicks and Co. was the most satisfactory it was then upon motion of



Commissioner Coughlin, and seconded by Commissioner Von Tobel and duly carried with the following vote that

the Bid of J.E. Hicks be adopted and it si further ordered that said firm be compelled to file a

bond in the sum of not less than two thousand dollars, and the City Clerk and Mayor of said City

are hereby instructed to enter into a contract with the said J.E. Hicks and Company for the fulfillment

and completion of said Fire alarm system. the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, No.

Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

At this time an ordinance defining and regulating the various duties of the Board of City Commissioners

and officers of said City was read before the Board for the first reading and it was upon
motion duly made and carried ordered that the same be laid over for the second reading.

At this time J.T. McWilliams presented the following before the Board which was read in full
To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:- We the undersigned citizens
and taxpayers residing in the original townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada, respectfully request you
that Clark Avenue, be graded, oiled and rolled for its entire length to 8th, street for a width of
twenty feet through the center. We wish to draw to your special attention the fact that no improvements

have ever been made in the original townsite by either the County or City since the town was
started seven years ago. the proposed sewer system does not reach to or improve our property, but
we have to largely help pay for it. Clark Avenue is the main traveled road to the Vegas Springs,
much visited by citizens of the railroad town and therefore would be of benefit and use to residents
of railroad town as well as of the original townsite. followed with the signatures of twelve property
owners in said district. after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of
Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the Street Commissioner be instructed

to ask for bids for the graveling and oiling of said street as per petition, and report the
same to the Board at its next regular meeting. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye.
Coughlin, aye, Me Govern aye, Von Tobel and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

Upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried the following resolution
was unanimously adopted: Resolved: that the County Treasurer of Clark County be and he is hereby
requested and directed to and transfer into the Treasury of the City of Las Vegas all moneys in his
hands as County Treasurer derived from the general tax levy for City purposes in the year 1911 and
not heretofore transferred over to the said City, the vote on said resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Coughlin, aye, Stewart, aye McGovern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol, aye,.

The question of adopting the final bond ordinance for the sewerage system of Las Vegas Nevada
coming on before the Board Commissioner J.J. Coughlin presented the following ordinance and moved
that the same be adopted: Ordinance providing for the issuance of bonds of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, in the amount of Forty thousand dollars ($40,000.00) for the purpose of constructing
a sewerage system for said City, prescribing the form of said bonds and the interest coupons to be
thereto attached and making provision for the levy of a tax to pay the interest as the installments
thereof fall due and to pay the principal at maturity.

Whereas, pursuant and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the constitution
and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 132 of the laws of 1911 of the
State of Nevada, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada, entitled. " An Act
to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and
to authorize the establishing of a City Government therefor, and other matters relating thereto,"
approved March 16, 1911. the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its bonds for the purpose
of constructing a sewerage system for said City; and Whereas, pursuant to each of the requirements
of subsection 5 of section 31 of said Chapter 132 of the laws of 1911 of the State of Nevada, a s
special election by the regular qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas was duly called and
held to determine whether or not bonds of said City in the total sum of Forty thousand Dollars
($40,000) as hereinafter described, shall be issued, norice of which election having been first
duly given strictly as therein provided, at which election more than a majority of the votes cast
were in favor of the issuance of said bonds; and Whereas, said bonds have been duly advertised for
sale and sold to the American Light and water Company of Chicago, Illinois at a price in excess
of the par value thereof, they being the highest and best bidders for said bonds; and Whereas, all
conditions precedent to the lawful issuance of said bonds have happened and been duly observed in
all things strictly as required by law, therefore. the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas do ordain: that for the purpose aforesaid there shall be and there are hereby ordered
and directed to be issued the negotiable coupon bonds of said City in the aggregate amount of Forty
Thousand dollars ($40.000). said bonds shall be designated "Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds" and shall be
of the denominations of $1,000 each, numbered one to forty (1-40) inclusive, dated January 1, 1912.
and mature and become payable as follows: Bonds numbered 1 to 4 inclusive shall become due and

payable on or before ten years from the date thereof; bonds numbered 5 to 8 inclusive shall become
due and payable on or before 11 years from the date thereof; bonds numbered 9to 12 inclusive shall
become due and payable on or before 12 years from the date thereof; bonds numbered 13 to 16 inclusive

to become due and payable on or before 13 years from the date thereof; bonds numbered 17 to 20
inclusive to become due and payable on or before 14 years from the date thereof; bonds numbered
21 to 24 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 15 years from the date thereof; bonds
numbered 25 to 28 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 16 years from the date thereof:
bonds numbered 29 to 32 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 17 years from the date
thereof; bonds numbered 33to 36 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 18 years after the

date thereof; bonds numbered 37 to 40 inclusive to become due and payable on or before 19 years from
the date thereof. Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest
installment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall

be payable in lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer, in

the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or at the option of the holder of said bonds or interest coupons

thereto attached at the Importers and Traders National Bank, City of New York, State of New York.

Be it further ordained that said bonds and coupons with the necessary variations as to numbers

and maturities shall be in substantially the following forms, respectively, towit-

United States of America
State of Nevada
County of Clark
Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds.

No._______                                                                                                                1000.00

Know all men by these presents that the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation duly

organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges its self to be indebted

and for value received hereby promises to pay to bearer on or before the first day of January, 1932

the principal sum of one thousand dollars together with interest thereon from the date hereof until



paid, at the rate of six per centum per annum (6%) payable semi-annually on the first date of July
and of January of each year. which interest to the date of the maturity of the principal is evidenced

by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupon as they severally
become due, Both principal and interest of this bond are payable in lawful money of the united States
of America at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, ot at, the option
of the holder of this bond or the interest coupons thereto attached at the importers and Traders
National BanK City of New York, State of New YorK. And for the prompt payment of the principal
and interest on this bond as they respectively become due, the full faith, credit and resources of
the said City are hereby irrevocably pledged. This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor
and amount but different maturities, issued for the purpose of constructing a sewerage system for
said City, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which more than a majority of the
qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings of the Board of
City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued in full conformity with
the requirements of the Constitution and Laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 132
of the session laws of the said State for the year 1911. and all acts of the legislature amendatory
thereof and supplemental thereto. And it is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions
and things required by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and be
performed precedent to and in the issuance of this bond, have existed, happened and have been
performed in regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this
bond, together with all other indebtedness of said City, does not exceed any constitutional or
statutory limination.

In testimony whereof, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond to
be signed by the Mayor of said City and the City Clerk, and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed
and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the lithographed, fac-simile
signatures of said Mayor and City Clerk, and this bond to be dated the first day of January, A.D.
1912.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

SEAL)( Countersigned: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(Form of coupon)

No.______	$30.00

On the first day of (July) (January) A.D. 19_ _, the city of Las Vegas, in the County of

Clark and State of Nevada, will pay to bearer thirty dollars, lawful money of the United States

of America at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las vegas, Nevada, or at the option



of the holder of this interest coupon at the Importers and Traders National Bank, City of New York, State of
New York, being the sem-annual interest then due on its sewerage bond. dated January 1, 1912. No__
Countersigned:	Harley A. Harmon, City ClerK.	Peter Buol. Mayor.

Be it further ordained and ordered that for the purpose of making provisions for the promt
payments of the installments of interest as they fall due and to create a sinking fund to pay the
principal of said bonds at maturity, there shall be and there is hereby levied an annual tax until
principal and interest of said bonds are fully paid, sufficient to pay the annual interest on the
outstanding bonds as the installments thereof accrue, and the further sum as follows: In each of
the years 1912 to 1921, both inclusive, the further sum of $1500.00 in each of the years 1922 to
1930 the further sum of #2777.88. which amounts shall be placed in a sinking fund and shall be used
exclusively to pay the principal of said bonds at maturity. Be it further ordained that the Mayor
and City Clerk are hereby authorized to execute said bonds for and on behalf of the city substantially

in the manner and form aforesaid, and to deliver the same to American Light and water company
the purchasers thereof, upon payment of the purchase price thereof. the proceeds of the sale of
said bonds shall be placed in a special fund and shall be used exclusively for the purposes above
specified in such manner and to such extent as the Board of commissioners may by ordinance, order
or resolution from time to time direct. Be it further ordained that it is found and determined
by the Board of Commissioners that the health and welfare of the people of the City of Las Vegas make
it necessary that the sewer system be constructed at the earliest possible time, and therefore
and emergency exists, and that the unanimous consent of the entire Board of commissioners be given
that this ordinance be immediately passed and that all rules otherwise preventing its immediate
passage be and they are her by ordered suspended and that this ordinance by unanimous consent be
immediately passed. Be it further ordered that any and all firmer ordinances or resolutions
of this Board inconsistent with the forgoing are to the extent of any such inconsistency hereby
rescinded. the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance was thereupon seconded by Commissioner
W.J. Stewart and upon call of the roll the vote thereon was unanimous as follows:"Ayes" Commissioners

W.J. Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern , Von Tobel, and his honor the Mayor. "Nays" None. Thereupon



the Mayor declared said ordinance adopted. Attest: Harley A. Harmon City Clerk. Approved Peter Buol. Mayor.

An oral request from the City Clerk requesting an increase in salary coming on before the Bor
Board and after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Mc Govern and
seconded by Coughlin and duly carried it was ordered that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
be allowed a Salary Of $40.00 per month instated of $25.00 per as heretofore paid by said City, the
vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye,

and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

The request of the City Attorney for books on municipal law coming on before the Board it was
upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that the said books be purchased.
the vote being cast as follows towit: Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye,
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until, the next regular meeting of the Board or at the call of the
Mayor, the vote being cast as follows towit-: Stewart aye. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, von
Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

meeting of the Board of

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 25th, 1912.

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
at the office of the City Clerk in the City of Las Vegas on this 25th, day of June 1912. in pursuance

of notice duly given:

Present: Mayor Peter Buol, presiding, and City Clerk, Harley A. Harmon acting; also Commissioners
W.J. Stewart, J.J. Coughlin, Ed Von Tobel, and Chas E. McGovern, all of whom answered present to the
roll call.

 The City Clerk read the following report and call for this special meeting, issued by the
Mayor, Peter Buol on June 25th, 1912. and the same, was ordered filed, the call being as follows:
Las Vegas, Nevada, June 25th, 1912.

Hailey A. Harmon, City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 25th, day of June, 1912. at eight o'clock
P.M. for the purpose of considering and transacting and following business:

1,	Passing upon surety bond tendered by American Light and Water Company, in connection
with contract on sewerage works.

2,	Providing for the delivery of sewerage bonds of City under contract of sale. 3, To

consider and act upon any and all other matters which may come before the meeting relative to
the issuance of sewerage bonds or contracts for supplies or for construction of sewerage system

4, To consider and act upon matters touching fire alarm system. 5, To consider and act
on matters touching City Licenses. And you will please notify each of the City Commissioners
as to said meeting. Peter Buol. Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.	The City Clerk also

read the form of notice given of the holding of this meeting to each of the commissioners, together
with proof of service thereof. and the same was ordered filed, the form of notice and proof of
service being as follows;	Las Vegas, Nevada, June 25th, 1912.

To Commissioners: Stewart, Coughlin, Mc Govern, Von Tobel, City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sirs:

In pursuant to an order of the Mayor of this City Peter Buol you are hereby notified
that there will be a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 25th, day of June 1912. at eight o'clock P.M.
for the purpose of considering and transacting the following business:

1. Passing upon surety bond tendered by American Light and Water Company, in connection
with contract on sewerage works. 2, Providing for the delivery of sewerage bonds of City under
contract of sale. 3, To consider and act upon any and all matters which may come before the
meeting relative to the issuance of sewerage bonds or contracts for supplies or for construction
of sewerage system. 4, To consider and act upon matters toushing fire alarm system. 5, To consider

and act upon matters touching City licenses.

Witness my hand and seal of he City this 25th, day of June A.D. 1912.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

 State of Nevada )

County of Clark ) ss.

City of Las Vegas.)

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby certify that I received the above notice from the Mayor of said City
and upon receipt of said Notice I did personally serve notice upon the foregoing Commissioners
of said meeting, Witness my hand and seal this 25th, day of June 1912. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.
(SEAL)

The City Clerk reported than an indemnity bond in the sum of $20.000 executed by American Light
and Water Company, as principal and Fidelity & Deposit Co. of Maryland, as surety had been tendered
to the City by American Light and Water Company in compliance with the contract entered into on
May 4, 1912. between the City of Las Vegas and said American Light and Water Company. The Clerk
also repotted that he had wired on this date To George Brodigan, Secretary of State of Nevada
to ascertain wether the said Fiedloty & Deposit Company of Maryland was entitled to do business
as a surety Company in the State of Nevada, and that he had received a wire in reply stating
that such company was entitled to do business in this State. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner
Stewart, seconded by Commissioner J.J. Coughlin, the following preamble and resolution was duly adopted:

" Whereas, it appears to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that the America
Light and Water Company, had tendered to this Board a bond in the penal sum of $20.000 with
Fidelity & Deposit Co. of Maryland as surety thereon, as called for in the contract entered into
between the City of Las Vegas and said American Light & Water Company on May 4, 1912. and Whereas,
it appears to this Board that said Fidelity & Deposit Co. of Maryland is entitled to business

in the State of Nevada, and. Whereas, the form of said bond has been approved by the City Attorney

Now Therefore, be it resolved that the said bond be and the same hereby is accepted and approved

by this Board, and the same is hereby ordered to be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and

attached to the contract of May 4th, 1912. between the City of Las Vegas and American Light and

Water Company," The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners, Stewart, aye, Coughlin



aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. No votes to the contrary

The City Clerk reported that the $40,000 sewer bonds heretofore authorized to be issued had been
presented by the American Light and Water Company and duly signed by the City Clerk and Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, and were ready for delivery to said American Light and Water Company in
accordance with the contract of sale thereof of date May 4, 1912. Thereupon, on motion of Commissi
oner Stewart seconded by Commissioner Mc Govern, the following preamble and Resolution was duly
adopted, viz:	Whereas, it appears to this Board that the American Light & Water Company, in compliance

with the contract into between the City of Las Vegas and said American Light & Water Company
on May 4,1912. has furnished the City of Las Vegas a bond in the sum of $20,000 Which said bonds
has been approved and accepted by this Board, and Whereas, the $40,000 Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds
heretofore authorized to be issued and sold to American Light and Water Company have been prepared
and duly executed by the Mayor and City Clerk and are ready for delivery in accordance with
the contract of sale, and Whereas, the said purchasers. American Light and Water Co. have requested
that said bonds be forwarded through a local bank to some bank in Chicago with draft for the purchase

price thereof attached thereto, together with the receipt of the City Treasurer for the purchase price,

three identifications of the signatures of the Mayor and City Clerk on said bonds
and the certified check for $2,000 heretofore deposited with this Board; said bonds and all of said
papers to be delivered to said American Light and Water Co. upon the payment of said draft, Now
therefore, be it resolved, that the City Treasurer be and he hereby is authorized to execute a
recepit for the purchase price of said bonds as called for and attach the same to a draft for $41.
200.00 to be dr awn by said City Treasurer upon said American Light and Water Company, and said
draft, receipt, identifications of signatures, certified check for $2,000 be delivered to the
First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, together with saiD $40,000 bonds, and the same to be forwarded

to Chicago, Illinois by the First State Bank under letter of instructions to said First
State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be executed by the Mayor and City Clerk as follows, viz:

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 26th, 1912.

To--— First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen:

We hand you herewith for collection sight draft in the sum of $41.200 .00 bearing date June
26, 1912. drawn by Ed.W. Clark, City Treasurer of Las Vegas, Nevada, in his own favor upon
American Light and Water Company, Chicago, Illinois and endorsed by the said Ed.W. Clark, Treasurer
to you for collection Attached to said draft ate the following papers, viz:	1, Forty(40) duly

executed City of Las Vegas sewerage Bonds in the principal sum of One thousand Dollars,($1,000)
each, bearing date July,1, 1912. payable to bearer, with interest coupons attached to each of said
bonds representing semi-annual interest payments due at the rate of six per cent. per annum from
date of each bond to the date of maturity of each thereof. 2, Receipt of Ed. W. Clark, City
Treasurer of Las Vegas Nevada for the purchase price of said bonds, viz, $4l.200.00; said receipt
bearing date June, 26, 1912.	3, Identification in triplicate as to the genuineness of the

signatures of Peter Buol, Mayor and Harley A, Harmon City Clerk, appearing on each of said bonds
4, Draft No.213, dated at Chicago, Illinois, April 30, 1912. drawn by American Light and Water
Co. by Earl C. Ulen on Fort Dearbon National Bank, Chicago, Illinois in favor of Henery C. Ulen
in the sum of two thousand dollars, and accepted by said Fort Dearborn National Bank Apr. 30, 1912.
and bearing the endorsement of Henry C. Ulen as follows; " This check is attached to a contract executed

by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and American Light and Water Co. May 4, 1912. and is payable


to the City of Las Vegas only in the event said American Light and Water Company shall fail
to comply with the provisions of said contract, Henery C. Ulen. " You will forward said draft
of Ed. W. Clark, Treasurer for $41,200.00 for collection, with said papers attached, with instructions

to your correspondent Bank to deliver all of the above mentioned papers to American Light &

Water Company of Chicago , Illinois upon the payment of said draft in full on or before July 1st
1912. said draft is marked "No Protest". If said draft is not paid on or before July 1st, 1912.
the same, together with papers attached, ate to be returned to the undersigned unless otherwise
instructed by us. The proceeds of said draft upon collection are to be deposited to the credit of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in your bank.	Said American Light & Water Company is to he allowed

to examine the papers attached to the draft of Ed.W. Clark, Treasurer upon their arrival in
Chicago, but such papers are not to be surrendered until, payment of said $41,200.00 draft as above
provided for. Express charges, if any, ate to be borne by the City of Las Vegas. This letter
of instruction is executed in triplicate. Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada. By Peter Buol. Mayor.	Attest: Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

The vote upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor peter Buol aye. No notes to the contrary.

The Board next took up the matter of the establishment of a fire alarm system for the City
under the bid accepted at the last regular meeting. It was reported that it would be necessary
to obtain the permission of the Consolidated Bower and Telephone Company. in order to place the
wires for such system on their poles. the City Attorney reported that in his opinion said Consolidated

Power and Telephone Co. had no valid existing franchise to operate a telephone, light or

power business upon the streets of the City of Vegas, and suggested that it would be

better at this time for the said Company to secure a franchise or franchises for that purpose.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Commissioner Von Tobel the

following resolution and preamble was duly adopted; Whereas, it is reported to the Board of

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that the Consolidated Power and Telephone



Co., is now and had heretofore been operating a telephone, electric light and power business in the City
of Las Vegas without a franchise, right or authority so to do. and Whereas, it is to the best
interest of said City that if such reported facts be true that said Company secure a franchise so
to do from the City of Las Vegas , Now therefore, be it resolved that the said Consolidated Power
& Telephone Co., be notified by he City Clerk to exhibit and shown to the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, by what franchise, franchises, right or authority it does now
conduct and operate within the City of Las Vegas and upon the streets and alleys thereof such
telephone, electric light and power business, and that such showing be made to this Board at its
next regular meeting on Wednesday the 3rd, day of July, 1912. And further that in case the
said Company does hot have or claim a valid franchise, right or authority to conduct and operate
said business as aforesaid that it make application at said next regular meeting for a franchise
covering said businesses." The vote upon said resolution being ad follows, Commissioners Stewart
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, The City Clerk
The City Clerk reported that Al James had refused to pay his license for conducting a
saloon in the City for the quarter beginning April 1st, 1912. and ending July 1st. 1912. thereupon
upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin, and duly carried the City Attorney was instructed
to institute at once proper legal proceedings against the said Al James on account of the non-payment
 of said license. The vote upon said motion being as follows: Stewart, Coughlin, aye,

McGovern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye, Therebeing no further
business before the Board upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried
the meeting adjourned. Approved.
Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nev.

 July 3rd, A.D. 1912.

At a regular monthly meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
held July 3rd, 1912. Present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor and City Commissioners, Stewart, aye, Coughlin,
aye, Mc Govern and, Von Tobel, Roll called all answered present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and special meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of Office rs read and approved as read. All claims against the City Read and approved
as read, as per claim book.

At this time Mr Whaton and Cheney of the Wharton and Cheney Drug Company appeared before the
Board relative to their paying a license for the privilage of selling spirituous, vinous, or intoxicating

liquors. in said City, after due consideration upon the part of the Board and a general outline
of the condition as existing this matter was laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board
in August.



At this time the Clerk read in full before the Board ordinance No. 32 for the second reading relative
to the duties of the various City Commissioners of said City, and creating certain funds for the
City, a ter due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Von Towel and seconded
by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that the said ordinance be passed as read, and the Clerk instructed
 to have the same published as by law provided: the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye,
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting, aye.

A letter from Mr Housworth of the Board of Underwriters was then read before the Board calling

there attention to the fact that certain conditions existed in said City regarding the storage of

gasoline, and other explosives, and recommending ways and means to remedy the same, it was then



after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by McGovern
and duly carried ordered that the City Attorney of the City be instructed to prepair an ordinance
covering the same and have the same for the consideration of the Board at their next regular meeting
in August, 1912. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.

At this time the following petition was then read before the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 1st, 1912.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners,

Gentlemen:	I understand when the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, survey Clarks Las Vegas

Townsite, the surveys placed certain bench marks at a few of the street intersections. When map
of Townsite was prepared and filed for record the location of these bench marks and their descriptions 

were over looked and not marked on the townsite plate. Maps, of written description of bench
marks, showing their location will prove of inestimable value to both the City officers and owners
of town lots in Clarks Las Vegas townsite, now that most of the lots stakes are rotted out or disappeared.

Also, I understand that before the street curbs were placed in position, that a grade map
was prepared the grade map was not filed for record. I hereby request of your honorable body that
you order your Clerk to request said townsite Company to transmit to the City a copy of all data
and bench marks, and street grades, and same to be made up in proper legal form for entering in
the records of County of Clark, and City of Las Vegas, .	J.T. Mc Williams.

After the reading of the foregoing in full to the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and
seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Clerk ask for said markings as requested in
the above letter to the Board the vote being as follows towit:— Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol, aye.
The question of acquiring land for sceptic tank and disposal works for contemplated sewer
and for a right of way and easement for the outlet sewer line over and across a portion of the
Southeast quarter of the Southeast quarter of section twenty seven, Township Twenty South, Range
Sixty one east., M.D.B.& M., Clarks County. Nevada, coming on before the Board, and an offer
having been made to said Board by Las Vegas Land and Water Company to execute to said City of
Las Vegas a deed to the following land: A piece or parcel of land 14758 feet square lying in the
S.E. 1/4 of S.E. 1/4 sect. 27, T. 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B.&.M., Clark County Nevada, and more particularly 

described as follows, towit.,--- Commencing at the section corner common to sections 26,

27, 34, and 35, Twp. 20 S.,R.61 E.;thence running 8 degrees 50' W. 1173.99 feet to place of beginning: 

thence S. 81 degrees 10' W. 78.79 feet; thence N.8 degrees 50' W. 147.58 feet; thence
N.81 degrees 10' E. 147.58 feet; thence 8 degrees 50' E. 147.58 feet; thence S.81degrees 10' W. 68.79
feet to place of beginning, and containing an area of 0.5 acres, as per plat attached marked"

Exhibit A" and made a part thereof; together with a perpetual easement and right of way over a strip
or parcel of land ten feet in width for outlet sewer line described as follows: a strip or parcel of
land 10 feet in width and 1173.21 feet in length,over, through and across the S.E. 1/4 of S.E. 1/4 of sec.
27.T.20 S., R.61 E., M.D.B.&.M., Clark County, Nevada. more particularly described as follows:
Commencing at a stone marking the section corner common to section 26, 27, 34, and 35, Twp. 20 S.R. 61.E.;
thence west 10.12 feet; thence N.8 degrees 50' W.1172.43 feet; thence N.81 degrees 10' E. 10 feet; the
thence S.8degrees 50' E. 1173.99 feet to point of beginning as per plat attached, marked "Exhibit
A" and made a part thereof; all in consideration the use of any and all waters flowing out of and
away from the septic tank or disposal system during the period of time the said Las Vegas Land

and Water Company	should furnish an adequate supply of water to the City of Las Vegas and the inhabitants 

thereof, under and by virtue of a certain franchise, dated November 1st, 1909 granted by
the unincorporated town of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and in consideration
of the covenants in said proposed deed "that the party of the second part shall at all times keep
the premises hereby conveyed in a reasonable good condition and in such a manner that the same
will not be objectionable or offensive in the exhalation of noxious smells or in any manner become
a nuisance to any person or persons living or occupying land adjacent to the premises hereby

granted, that the said party of the second part shall at all times save the said first party harmless 

from any damages or causes of action that may arise of whatsoever character by reason of any
neglect, care or negligence in keeping the premises hereby conveyed in proper condition." And
further "that the party of the second part shall at all times keep the outlet sewer line extend-
ing over and across the land herein described covered and in a safe condition for the use of the
surface ground." Thereupon motion of Commissioner McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Coughlin,
the following resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved: That the proposition of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company to convey one-half
acre of ground and easement and right of way for outlet sewer to the City of Las Vegas upon the 

terms set forth in their offer, be and the same is hereby accepted, and the Clerk of this Board
is hereby authorized and directed to accept and record said deed when executed, after the approval
thereof by the City Attorney. The vote on the said resolution being as follows:

Commissioners Stewart, no; Coughlin, aye; McGovern, aye; Von Tobel, aye; His Honor the Mayor Peter
Buol voting aye.	 

It was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that this
Board adjourn until July 6th, A.D. 1912. at eight o'clock P.M. to take up and finish the regular
business of the Board, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye,
Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.








Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

July 6th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment July 6th, 1912. at eight o'clock P.M. Present all members of

the Board and the honorable Mayor Peter Buol. with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the question of placing bids for sewer pipe for the construction of a sewer system in

the City of Las Vegas, per contract between the City of Las Vegas and the American Light and Water

Company of Chicago, Ill. coming on before the Board and after due consideration of the bids submitted

by the Pacific Sewer Pipe Company, of Los Angeles, Calif. and the Utah Fire Clay Company of Salt

Lake City, Utah, and prices quoted by the American Light and Water Company of Chicago, it was found

by the Board of said Commissioners that the Bid as offered by the Pacific Sewer Pipe Company of

Los Angeles California was the lowest and most satisfactory it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded

by Von Tobel and duly carried, ordered that the Clerk of this Board and the Mayor of said City be

and there are hereby instructed to enter into a contract with the said, Pacific Sewer Pipe Company

for the delivery of said sewer pipe in accordance with there bid submitted, subject to the approval

of the City Attorney, the vote being cast as follows towit:— Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern

aye, Von Tobel. aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye. 		 	 

  A claim of Louis Kelsey consulting engineer for said City in the construction of the Las Vegas

sewer system for first payment of salary as per contract entered into by said with the aforesaid

Louis C. Kelsey coming on before the Board in the amount of Eight hundred and seventy six dollars and

fifteen cents was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the

same be paid out of the fund designated and set aside and know as the Las Vegas Sewerage Fund,

the vote Being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye,

and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.	

The question of appointing a committee for the purpose of looking after the purchasing of

supplies for the Sewer system to be installed for said City coming on before the Board and to

look after the interest of said City in matters relating there to it was upon motion of Von Tobel

and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that the Mayor be and is hereby instructed to appoint

a Committee of three with him self as Chairman to have full power and act in all, matters relating to

purchase of any and all supplies necessary for said sewer system of Las Vegas Nevada to be constructed

in said City, the vote being cast as follows towit:— Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye,

Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye. thereupon the Mayor proceeded to appoint

the followsing committee, namely, J.J. Coughlin, Commissioner of sewerage, and Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk, and Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners, of said City.

An request from the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation coming bn before the Board

for a franchise, right and privilege to construct, install, lay, operate, maintain, repair and manage 

transmission lines for the purpose of conducting electric energy for light and power purposes, and for

telephone and telegraph purposes, together with connection, in the City of Las Vegas, was presented

to the Board, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that his matter go

over until the next regular meeting of the Board for there consideration.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Stewart and seconded

by Von Tobel and duly carried that this Board adjourn until Wednesday July 19th, 1912. at eight o'clock



P.M. for any and all business that may come before it. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye.
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye.
8		15"	X	8" Y's			$2.00
2		15"	X	45 degree bends	1.85
2		15"	X	90 degree bends	1.85
2		8"	X	45 degree bends	69 1/2
20 pieces		8 1/8	X	pipe	20.4 foot
6		12"	—	90 degree bends	1.27 1/4
8		8"	X	8" T's	93 3/4
2		16"	X	8" Y's	2.60
2		14"	X	8" Y's	1.90
2		12"	X	8" Y's	1.56
6		8"	— 	45 degree bends	69 1/2
2		8"	—	90 degree bends	69 1/2
2		12"	X	8" specials	1.56 bell
1	piece	12"		pipe	34 3/8
1	piece	18"		pipe	693 3/8 ft.
All	of the	above	pipe to be two feet		in length.
22		8"	X	8"----4 T's	
22		4	X	4---- -4 T's	

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 10th, 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, pursuant to adjournment: Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and all members except W.J.
Stewart Street Commissioner.

The question of ordering material for sewerage work for said City per contract entered into
by and between the City of Las Vegas, and the American Light and water Company Coming on
before the Board it was upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel duly carried and
ordered that said Committee be instructed to order the following supplies from the following
firms towit:- Pacific Sewer Pipe company of Los Angeles, Calif.

50 additional feet of four inch pipe.

21280 feet eight inch straight pipe.

1330 ---8" x6 " Y's 2 1/2 feet long

3280ft----10" straight pipe.

100 10" x 6" Y's 2 1/2 feet long
4585 ft.—15" straight pipe.

70 ----15 x6" Y's 2 1/2 feet long

56O feet four inch
560 feet inch

2400 feet four inch drain tile pipe, the above to be F.O.B. Las Vegas, Nevada.

Hyrum Silver Company Salt Lake City Utah., bid having been the lowest on the following
supplies it was ordered that the Committee be Instructed to order the following supplles:-
30 Sewer man-hole covers and frames
62	"	"	"	"	" with pans

2 special "	"	"	" at a price not to exceed $745.00

The A.W. Jurden Lumber Company of Las Vegas handlers of the Red devil cement having the



lowest bid as appears upon the files on file in this office it was upon motion and carried that the committee
order one car of cement as per bid on file with the Clerk of this Board.

The Board further ordered 2400 feet 41nch Drain tile at 8cents from the Pacific Sewer
Pipe Company of Los Angeles, California.

The question of handling the freight on the above material upon its arrival in Las Vegas
coming on the before the it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel that the
Mayor, City Clerk, and City Attorney are hereby instructed to draw up and execute a bond
with the S.P.L.A.&.S.L.R.R.Co. for the deliver of said material until the regular meeting or
the Board when all Bills can then be passed upon, the vote being cast as follows towit:- 
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol , aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly made and
carried ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the 17th, of July A.D. 1912.
	Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 17th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and Commissioners, Stewart, Coughlin,
McGovern, Von Tobel, and his Honor the Mayor. after the roll call and there being no business
before the Board that required there attention it was then upon motion of Coughlin, and seconded
by Von Tobel, and duly carried ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday July 24th, at 8'o'
clocK P.M.

Office Of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 24th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

held pursuant to adjournment Present HOn. Peter Bull. Mayor and the following Commissioners
Coughlin, Me Govern, Von Tobel, there being a quorum present the Board then proceeded to
take up the following business. Claim of the Salt Lake R.R. Co. for $892.30 for freight on 

trenching machines w4a allowed and ordered paid. Claim of the Salt Lake R.R. Co. for $190.00
as freight on one car of cement from Devil slide Utah was allowed and ordered paid.

Claim of the Union Portland Cement Company for $420.00 was allowed and ordered paid.

Claim of the American Light and Water Company for $72.60 for labor performed on the sewer was
allowed and ordered paid.

Claim of the Salt Lake R.R. Co. of $78.55 for freight on sewer pipe from Los Angeles California
to Las Vegas, was ordered allowed and paid.

Claim of the American Light and Water Company of $57.60 for gravel for said sewer system was
ordered allowed and paid.

At this time Dr Roy W. Martin appeared before the Board regarding the question of the City
License tax and after a through discussion of the matter it was ordered that this matter be
turned over to the District Attorney.

At this time the Clerk notified the Board that he received a communication from the Hyrim Silver

Company of Salt Lake City Utah to the effect that the prices of man-hole covers would be $845 .00



instead of $745.00 as quoted to the American Light and Water Co. and per the order of the Board
at the last regular adjourned meeting, it was then ordered by the Board after general discuss ion
upon the part of the Board ordered that the Clerk of this Board be instructed to write to Silver
Brothers of Salt Bake City and to also send cut of blueprint of material desired and if found
that there prices are in accordance with the figures submitted by the American Light and Water
Company for said material that the order be placed with them.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday July 31st, A.D. 1912.
	Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 31st, 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment: Present
Hon. peter Buol Mayor, and Commissioners Von Tobel, and Stewart, there being a quorum present
the Mayor called the meeting to order.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following Claims against the City for freight on
sewer pipe and other material connected with the sewer.

The Claim of the Salt Lake R.R. Co. for freight on three cars of pipe to the amount of $218.52
was upon motion duly made and carried ordered paid, and the Clerk and Mayor were instructed
to draw City warrants for that amount.

The Claim of the American Light and Water Company for labor in the amount of $265.55 was
ordered paid and the Clerk and Mayor instructed to draw and warrant for that amount.

The Claim of the American Light and Water Company of $109.20 for 45 1/2 yards of gravel and
$156.45 for hardware was ordered paid and the Clerk and Mayor were instructed to draw the City's
warrant for that amount.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly mads and
carried ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

	August 7th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
Present Hon. W.J. Stewart, Coughlin and his Honor Ed. Von Tobel Mayor Protem present there being
a quorum present the Mayor Protem called the meeting to order.

Minutes of the last regular adjourned meeting read and approved as read. All Claims against
the City read and approved as read, as appears from claim book.

Reports of officers read and approved.

The question of procuring oil of the railroad Company now going to waste for the use or
the streets in said City Coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Coughlin and seconded
by Stewart and carried ordered that the Clerk of this Board be instructed to write to the
officials of said railroad asking for the premission and use of said oil for the streets in
said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart
aye, and his honor the Mayor protem aye.

The question of the water right of water from the sceptic of said sewer system coming
on before the Board whereby the Las Vegas Land and Water Company is desires of procuring said
water for the use of there land coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Coughlin and
seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Mayor and the City Clerk are hereby
authorized and instructed to draw a contract regarding the use of said water with the approval
of the City Attorney, *the votebeing cast as follows towit:- Coughlin aye, Stewart aye, and his
Honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel, aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until Friday August the 16th, at eight o'clock P.M. the vote
being cast a follows towit:- Stewart aye. Coughlin, aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem Ed. V
Tobel, aye.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada August 16th, 1912.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Present all members of the Board with the Mayor.

All claims for freight on sewer pipe for said City coming before the Board it was upon motion
duly made and carried ordered that said freight claims be allowed and charged against the said
sewer fund of said City. The question of ordering additional sewer pipe supplies for said sewer

system coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the following 

supplies be ordered as follows towit from the Pacific Sewer pipe Company of Los Angeles

California.   22—8x4 T's    22jt. 4x4 in T's.  22 jt 4in.pipe.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next Wednesday August the 2lst, A.D. 1912. at 8o'clock P.M.

Las Vegas, Nevada August 21st, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held August 21st, A.D. 1912. Present Hon Ed. Von Tobel. Mayor Protem and Commissioners McGovern
and Stewart, there being a quorum present the Board proceeded to take up all freight bill for
sewerage pipe and the passed as appears from the records now on file.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next Wednesday in August 28th, at 8o'clock P.M. 1912.

Las Vegas, Nevada August 28th, 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,



Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present the Mayor and all members of the Board.

The Board then proceeded to taKe up the fright bills for sewer pipe and other matters
relating there to all claims for fright allowed as appears from the records in said sewer matter
now on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting of the Board the vote being cast as
follows towit:- Coughlin aye. Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol, aye.
Office of the City Clerk City of Las Vegas, Neva.

September 4th, A.D. 1912.

 At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Present all members of the Board with his honor the Mayor , City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read, all claims allowed per
claim book.

At this time H.M. Lillis president of the School Board of the Las Vegas school district
appeared before the Board and presented the following petition:	" To the Hon. Board of City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Gentlemen: We the undersigned, the Board of Trustees of Las Vegas School District Number
Twelve(l2) , respectfully represent to your Hon. Body the following facts and conditions,  towit:-
That as school Trustees of said school District, we find that to successfully operate the heating
plant in the School Building of said district it requires an electric current during the entire
school day, and we further find the consolidated power and Telephone company is not in a position
to furnish the same during the school hours: The San Pedro Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail

Road Company are in a position to furnish Electric current at night being a public Institution,
have consented to do so, provided your hon. Body will grant a right for them to put up the
necessary poles to convey the Current from their present line on Bridger Street Easterly to
said school House and allow them to make the necessary connections. We therefore pray your Hon.
Body to grant this permission and your petitioners will ever pray.

Henry M. Lillis President

Board of School Trustees Las Vegas	W.R. Thomas'Member



School District Number Twelve.	O.J. Enking Clerk.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of commissioner Stewart
seconded by Commissioner Mc Govern, the following resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that
the Las vegas School District No. 12 be and they are hereby granted a permit to erect and maintain
and operate a line of poles , with necessary wire and appurtenances along Bridger Street in Clarks
Las Vegas Townsite to connect with the power line of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company. for the
purpose of furnishing electric current to operate the heating plant of said school district .
the form terms and conditions of said permit to be determined by the Mayor and City Clerk subject 

to the approval of the City Attorney and the said permit to be executed on behalf of said City
by the said Mayor and City Clerk and approved by the City Attorney. the vote being cast as
follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye. Mc Govern, aye. Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the
Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time Mr J. Walters appeared before the Board requesting that the Board take some
action relative to the reduction of the Barber license in said City and that the same be reduced,
to $2.50 per quarter after due consideration upon the part if the Board it was ordered that
said matter be laid over for this meeting until the next regular meeting of the Board in October.

The American Light and Water Company through H.W. Heingst applied to the Board for permission 

to vary from the plans and specifications as to the grades and depth of the sewer trench
in the alley between Fremont and Ogden streets and for that purposes that the grades and cuts
be adjusted along said alley line therefore upon motion of Commissioner $$$$$$$$$ Coughlin
Mc Govern and seconded by Commissioner Coughlin the following preamble and Resolution was duly
adopted. " Whereas American Light and Water Company has applied to the City of Las Vegas for
permission to vary from the plans and specifications as to the grades and depth of the sewer
trench in the alley between Fremont and Ogden Streets, and for that purpose has requested that
the grades and c uts be adopted along said alley, and, whereas, the adjustment of grades and
oust as hereinafter set forth has been advised and recommended by the consulting Engineer C.E.
Kelsey acting by and through his agent Mr Chatfield, and Whereas, such adjustment for the
purpose of allowing the variance aforesaid appears to this Board from the advise aforesaid can
be made without injury or loss to the City Now therefore be it resolved that the American Light

and Water Company be and they are hereby authorized to vary from the plans and specifications

heretofore adopted for the sewer system as to the grades and depth of cuts along the alley

between Fremont and Ogden streets in accordance with the following adjustment and change viz:

that the grades on the alley between Fremont and Ogden streets from the alley between Main and

First Streets between fourth and fifth streets be raised to a grade that will be as follows

at the intersection of the alley between Main and First and the alley in Question will be 16:24

ft at the alley between first and second street will be 13:34 feet at the alley between second

and Third street will be 10:50 feet at the alley between third and fourth streets will be 07:84

feet at the alley between fourth and fifth street will be 06:32 feet and the rest of the grades

as originally established and that the American Light and water Company and the consulting Engineer



he notified of such change so that said variance may be made". The vote being cast as follows towit:-
Commissioner Stewart. NO. Commissioners Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye. Von Tobel, aye, and his
Honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

This being the time for the reading of the New Saloon license for the second reading coming



on before the Board and after the reading of the same and due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon 

motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that said ordinance be and the
same is hereby passed by this Board as appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one of said
City under ordinance No. 33: the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor peter Buol voting aye.

At this time An ordinance Granting to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, its successors and
assigns, a franchise to construct, Operate and Maintain Transmission Lines for Electric Light
and power purposes and for Telephone and Telegraph purposes in portions of the City of Las Vegas
was read before the Board for the first time. and after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was ordered that this ordinance be laid over until the next regular meeting for the
second reading.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried

Office of the City Clerk,Las Vegas, Nevada.

September 11th, A.D. 1912.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment, present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor and Commissioners, Stewart
Coughlin, Mc Govern, Von Tobel,

All freight Bill and claims against the sewer were paid by the City as appears from
the records now file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time C.P. Squires representing a committee of Citizens of the City of Las Vegas
appeared before the Board regarding the lighting of streets in said City. and requested that
that Board appoint a committee to conver with the Light Company of said City relating to the
lighting of streets and public highways in said City, after due consideration upon that part
of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel that this matter be referred
to the Commissioner Coughlin as this matter comes under his department with instructions bo
confer with said Consolidated Telephone and Light Company regarding the cost and maintenance
of said system of lighting said City and report the same to the next meeting of the Board for
there consideration.

At this time the Mayor requested that some member of the Board make a motion directing

ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday 11th, at ten o'clock P.M.


the Clerk of this Board to attend the paying of all labor by the American Light and Water Company
for service rendered in the construction of said sewer system, It was then upon motion of
Commissioner Stewart and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the Clerk of this
Board is hereby instructed and ordered to be in attendance with the agent of the American Light
and water Company when he pays off the men employed in the construction of said sewer system
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel
aye, and his honor the Mayor peter Buol. aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Mc Govern and
seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the 18th
at 8 o'clocK P.M. the vote being cast as follows towit. Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern
aye von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
September 18th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment Present commissioners Stewart, Mc Govern , Von Tobel
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol.

All freight Bills and claims against the sewer fund of the City allowed as appears from the
records now on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Robert Schaffer appeared before the Board and presented the following petition
to the Board. " To the Board of City Commissioners , Las Vegas, Nevada, Gentlemen: Whereas,

The streets of the City of Las Vegas are and have been for a long time in an undesirable and
unbusiness like condition preventing, impending and delaying traffic: further, the condition
is unsanitary and causes the accumulation of filth. Therefore It is resolved that we, the
undersigned, as petitioners your body to remedy this condition both by grading and oiling said
streets at the earliest possible time. followed by 17 signers and residences of said City.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and
by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that said petition be referred to the Commissioner of
Streets with instruction that he ascertain the cost of oiling and grading and report back to
the Board as near as possible the cost of said worK. the vote being cast as follows towit:-
Stewart aye. Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye. and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol aye.

At this time a committee composed of the Retail liquor dealers of the City of Las Vegas



appeared before the Board protesting against section 9 and the last half of section ten the whole



of sections 13 and 15, requesting of the Board that they take such steps to modify said ordinance
setting up as a defence that the aforesaid sections of ordinance No. 33 discriminated against
them. after through discussion upon the part of the Board and persons of the retail liquors
dealers it was upon motion duly made and and carried ordered that said complaint be laid
over until next Wednesday September 25th, A.D. 1912.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly made and
carried ordered that this Board adjourn until Wednesday September 25th. 1912. at 8 o'clock
P.M..
Office of the City Clerk, September 25th, 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held September 18th, 1912
held pursuant to adjournment: present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor and Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin,

Mc Govern, and Commissioners Von Tobel. meeting called to order all present.

All freight Bills and claims against the sewer allowed by the Board as appears from the files
of the Clerk of this Board.

Upon motion of commissioner Von Tobel and seconded by Commissioner Mc Govern the following
Preamble and Resolution were duly adopted: Whereas, it appears to this Board that the levy
of a tax of One dollar on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property in the City of
Las Vegas, made for the year 1912. by this Board on the 7th, day of February A.D. 1912. and
also levied by the Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark State of Nevada On the
first Monday in March, 1912. at the reguest and direction of this Board will result in the
collection of a revenue in excess of the requirements of the City of Las Vegas for the current
year. Now Therefore, Be it resolved that the rate of said tax so previously fixed at one dollar
on each one hundred Dollars worth of taxable property in the City of Las Vegas, be and the
same is hereby reduced to seventy cents on each one hundred Dollars of the taxable property in
the City of Las Vegas, and Be it Further resolved that the Board of County Commissioners Of Clark
County be and is hereby authorized and directed at it meeting to be held on the first Monday
of October , 1912. to reduce the rate of such levy in accordance with this resolution , and
Be it further Resolved that the City ClerK be and he is hereby authorized and directed to transmit
and deliver to said Board of County Commissioners a certified copy of this resolution forthwith, 

the vote on said resolution being as follows : Commissioners Mc Govern, Coughlin, Stewart
Von Tobel, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. No. Noes.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing of objections to ordinance No. 33.

and after through and due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of

Coughlin and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that the request of the liquors



dealers protesting against last half of section 10, and the whole of 13 and 15 be rejected the vote being
cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, von Tobel, aye, and hi s
honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

At this time Commissioner Coughlin presented to the Board a proposition to the Board
of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company relative to the lighting of streets in the
said City of Las Vegas, and after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing
to the Board that said proposal is indenfent and does not set forth the facts sufficient to
justy the Board in taking any action on the same at this time it was upon motion of Mc Govern
and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried ordered that the matter be referred back to the Commissioner 

Coughlin with instructions to get further information on the same, the vote being
cast as follows towit: Stewart , aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his
honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that the
City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to write to J.E. Hicks and request that he release the
City from his bid relating to the installing of a fire alarm system in said City: the vote
being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and
his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. aye. there being no further business before the Board it was
upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Board adjourn until Monday the 30th, at
8 o'clock P.M..
Office of the City Clerk, Clark County, Nev.

September 30th, A.D. 1912.

Minutes of an adjourned Regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners; of the City of
Las Vegas, held at the office of the City Clerk at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. on the
30th, day of September, 1912. pursuant to adjournment of such regular meeting ordered on
Wednesday the 25th, day of September, 1912. present on Roil call: His Honor the Mayor
Peter Buol, Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin and Von Tobel, and City Clerk Harmon, Absent
Commissioner Mc Govern. The Board took up the matter of consideration of the Application
for permits for liquor Establishments Commissioner Von Tobel moved that the Application
of Anita Gonzales for permit be considered and acted upon the notion was seconded by Stewart
and upon being put to a vote the motion was carried that the permit be granted upon the
following vote: commissioners Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, von Tobel, No. and his honor
the Mayor voting aye.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner Stewart and seconded by Commissioner Coughlin
the following resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that Application for permit for liquor
Establishments, filed with this Board, be and the same are hereby allowed as follows:

  No.l, C.A. Haller Retail Liquor Establishment

No.2, Wm Burkhart "	"	"

  No.3, Ed W. Clark Fordwarding Co. Whole sale Liquor   

  No.4, John W. Horden Retail Liquor Establishment

that each of said permits be granted for the period from October 1, 1912 to January 1, 1913
for and covering the business set forth in the application and upon the $$$$$$$$ premises
as designated In the said applications respectively , and that the City Clerk issue to the
said applications formal permits in accordance with this resolution; and further that
the City Clerk issue licenses to said applicants in accordance with said permits and the
ordinances of the City of Las Vegas relative thereto. the vote upon said resolution being
as follows: Commissioners Von Tobel, Stewart, Coughlin and his honor the Mayor voting aye,
Noes , None. There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made
and seconded and carried the meeting adjourned.

No. 1, C.A. Halier Retail Liquor Establishment
No. 2, Wm Burkhart "	"	"

No. 3, Ed W. Clark Fordwarding Co. Whole sale Liquor 

No. 4, John W. Horden Retail Liquor Establishment
No. 5, Kramer& HoucK "	"	"

No. 6,

No. 7, Ed, Van	"	"	"

No. 8, Wharton Drug Company "	"	(Drug store)

No. 9, C.P. Fitzgerald	"	"

No. 10, Henry E. Squires	"	"

No. 11, Annetta Burt	"	"

No. 12,	A. James	"	"

No. 13,	Pecetto & Graglia	"	"

No, 14, Robert H. Schaffer "	"

No. 15,	Daniel Hickey	"	"

No. 16,	Lon Grosbeck	"	"

No. 17, W.L. Allin	*	"	"

No, 18, Cheney Drug Company "	"	(Drug Store)

No. 19, M. Pollard Retail Liquor Establishment
No. 20, Hotel Nevada Mining Company Retail Liquor Establishment
No. 21, Bardoni & Barsotti	"	"	"
		Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

October 2nd, A.D. 1912.

A a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held October 2nd, A.D. 1912. Present all members of the Board expect the Hon. Mayor Peter Buol.
Thereupon acting Mayor Protem Ed. Von Tobel officiated as presiding officer of the meeting.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las vegas read and allowed as appears from the Claim on
file with the Clerk of this Board. Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time the following petition was presented to the Board for there consideration.

" To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners.

Gentlemen:- I respectfully petition your Hon. Body to permit us to maintain a wooden stand
and covering for a fire hose at the fire hydrant on the corner of first street and the alley
first South of Fremont Street.	Yours truly. Thomas Department Store.

M.C. Thomas Sr. President.

 J.W. Horden.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the satisfaction

of the Board that the above request will be of a benefit to the City in the way of fire protection

it was upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that said request

be granted under the condition that said permit is revocable at any time by the City. the vote being cast as 

follows towit:- Stewart, aye. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his Hon the Mayor protem voting aye.

This being the time set by the City for report of Commissioner Coughlin on the question
of lighting the streets in said City, and he having filed an report to that effect and Mr John
S. Parks and Mr Delume appearing before the Board in behalf of said Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion duly
made and carried ordered that this matter go over until there was a full attendance of the Board.
the vote being cast as follows towit: Stewart, aye, Coughlin aye, Mc Govern aye, and his Hon.
the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel. voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the consideration of the barbers license in said
City and it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that a change should be made in said
license it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the City Attorney be instructed to
to draw an ordinance amending ordinance No. one of the City of Las vegas relative to the Barbers
license in said City, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

McGovern, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Protem Ed. Von Tobel, aye.



This being the time as set for the second reading of Ordinance No. 34 of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada relative to a franchise for the Las Vegas Land and Water Company to string wires and poles
through certain streets and alleys of said City and the Clerk after having read the same in
full it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Von Tobel and duly carried that said ordinance
be passed as appears more fully from ordinance Book One of said City under Ordinance No. 34.
the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel,
aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until October 14th, at eight o'clock P.M.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
October 14th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board if City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment Present : Hon. Peter Buol Mayor and Commissioners
Stewart and Von Tobel, there being a quorum present the Hon Mayor called the meeting together.

All claims against the sewer system of the City allowed by the Board, as appears from the
record of the Clerk on file.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request from Petty's Jewelry Store asking
for permission from the City to plant a couple of poles in the alley between second and third
street for the purposes of stringing a line of wires from the Rail road depot to his place of
business for the purpose getting standard time from the rail road, thereafter upon motion of
Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart it was ordered that permit be granted and the City Attorney
is hereby instructed to draw said permit to be presented to the Board at there next regular mee-
ting in November, there being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made
and carried ordered that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the 23rd, at 7 o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
October 23rd, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment Present: Hon. Peter Buol, Mayor Commissioners Stewart, Von Tobel, and
McGovern. All claims against the sewer system allowed per claim book.

At this time the consolidated Power and Telephone Company appeared before the Board relative
to lighting of streets in and upon the streets of said City, and after through discussion upon
the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the meeting of the Board
of October 30th, A.D. 1912. for the reason that there was not a full attendance of the

Board,

The Board next took up for consideration
the request of D. Petty filed with the Board, requesting permission to place in the alley of
Block 19. on the South side of the alley two poles with two wires thereon to be used for
purpose of conveying standard time from the office of the L.V.&.T.R.R. Co. thereupon, upon motion
Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart the following resolution was adopted towit: Resolved that a
permit be and the same Is hereby grated to D. Petty to place and maintain two poles with wires in
the alley of block 19, that the City Attorney be and he is hereby is authorized and directed to
draft such permit , and the Mayor and City Clerk to execute the same upon behalf of the Board,and
such permit to be upon such terms and conditions as the said Mayor and City Clerk shall prescribe
and the said permit to be accepted in writing by the grantee, the vote being cast as follows
towit, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor, aye. the Board adjourned
until October 30th, 1912.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 30th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, and Commissioners Mc Govern aye, 

Von Tobel, aye, all claims against the said sewer system was
allowed by the Board as appears from the records now on file in the office of the ClerK.

The next matter taken up by the Board was the matter of lighting the streets of Las Vegas

and a consideration of the written proposition made by Consolidated Power and Telephone
Company relative thereto, such business having been made the order of that day upon the adjournment 

of the meeting of October 23, 1912. After a full discussion of the matter, upon motion of
Commissioner Chas E. McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Ed Von Tobel, the following preamble and
resolution was duly adopted, viz: Whereas, it is necessary and desirable to have the streets
of the City of Las Vegas lighted by electricity and at the present time said City is unable to
own and operate a plant of its own therefor, and Whereas, consolidated Power and Telephone Co.

a corporation has tendered and filed with this Board a written proposition to act as agent for
the City in purchasing and installing poles, wires and appurtenances at actual c&st of labor and

materials.

The Board next took up for consideration
the request of D. Petty filed with the Board, requesting permission to place in the alley of
Block 19. on the South side of the alley two poles with two wires thereon to be used for
purpose of conveying standard time from the office of the L.V.&.T.R.R. Co. thereupon, upon motion
Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart the following resolution was adopted towit: Resolved that a
permit be and the same is hereby grated to D. Petty to place and maintain two poles with wires in
the alley of block 19, that the city Attorney be and he is hereby is authorized and directed to
draft such permit , and the Mayor and City Clerk to execute the same upon behalf of the Board,and
such permit to be upon such terms and conditions as the said Mayor and City Clerk shall prescribe
and the said permit to be accepted in writing by the grantee, the vote being cast as follows
towit, Stewart, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye, end his Honor the Mayor, aye. the Board adjourned
until October 30th, 1912.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 30th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, and Commissioners Mc Govern aye, 

Von Tobel, aye, all claims against the said  sewer system was
allowed by the Board as appears from the records now on file in the office of the ClerK.

The next matter taKen up by the Board was the matter of lighting the streets of Las Vegas

and a consideration of the written proposition made by Consolidated Power and Telephone
Company relative thereto, such business having been made the order of that day upon the adjournment 

of the meeting of October 23, 1912. After a full discussion of the matter, upon motion of
Commissioner Chas E. McGovern, seconded by Commissioner Ed Von Tobel, the following preamble and
resolution was duly adopted, viz: Whereas, it is necessary and desirable to have the streets
of the City of Las Vegas lighted by electricity and at the present time said City is unable to
own and operate a plant of its own therefor, and Whereas, consolidated Power and Telephone Co.

a corporation has tendered and filed with this Board a written proposition to act as agent for
the City in purchasing and installing poles, wires and appurtenances at actual cost of labor and

materials.
at a guaranteed price not to exceed $2,587.05 and to supply electric current for lighting purposes
for 115 lights or more on said streets at the rate of $1.00 per light per month for the period
of five years, and to supported the maintenance and repair of said system at actual cost of
labor and material and Whereas, it appears to this Board that it is necessary and to the best
interest of the City of Las Vegas that said proposition should be accepted and said system installed 

and put in operation at an early date Now therefor, be it resolved that the proposition of the
said Consolidated Power and Telephone be and the same is hereby accepted, it being provided however 

that the terms of said proposal and this acceptance be embodied in a written contract to be
drafted by the City Attorney w_th such additional terms and provisions relating thereto as may
be acceptable to this Board and the said Consolidated Power and Telephone Co, and upon the approval
thereof said contract to be executed on behalf of the City of Las Vegas by the Mayor and City
Clerk. The vote on said resolution being as follows: Commissioners McGovern and Von Tobel and
his honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes None.

The question of a change of grades relating to the sewer system in the City of Las Vegas

Nevada coming on before the Board and said change effecting the grades in the alley between



Fremont and Carson streets and said changes requested being by the American Light and Water Company
it was ordered by the Board upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Von Tobel that the Clerk of
this Board be and is hereby instructed to wire the City's Engineer Mr Kelsey of said desired changed
and request that he make said desired change as suggest by the Board of City commissioners.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 6th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held November 6th, A.D. 1912. Present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor and Commissioners Stewart.
Coughlin, aye, McGovern, Von Tobel, Roll called all answered present.

Minutes of regular meeting and adjourned meeting read and approved as read, reports of officers
read and approved as read, all claims allowed per claim book.

The question of changing the grades for the sewer system in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

coming on before the Board and after through discussion on part of the Board it was upon motion

of Commissioner von Tobel and seconded by Commissioner Stewart the following preamble and resolution

was duly adopted Viz: Whereas it appears to this Board that to meet existing conditions the grades

of the sewer system in the alley between Fremont and Carson streets can be raised without injuring

the effecting of such system , and whereas, the American Light and Water company has applied for

permission to vary from the grades as previously established and , Whereas, it appears that the

changes as herein set forth will not effect a departure from the minimum rate of grades as established 

by the City Engineer, Now therefor, Be it resolved that the City Engineer be and he hereby

is instructed to make the following changes in grades viz:- that the grade at the intersection

of the alley between Main and first streets and the alley between Fremont and Carson be changed

from 2015. to 2016.30 that the grade at the alley between First and second Streets and the alley

between Fremont and Carson Streets be changed from 2012.5 to 2013.24 that the grades at the alley



between 2nd and 3rd, street and Fremont and Carson be changed from 2010.85 to 2011.29 the grades
between 3rd,& 4th, Streets and Fremont and Carson Streets be changed from 2005.5 to 2009.31
between Fourth and Fifth Streets and Fremont and Carson streets be changed from 2003.6 to 2007.69
that the grades in the alley between Fifth and Sixth streets and Fremont and Carson Street be
changed from 2000.7 to 2OO0.92

The Form of contract between the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company a corporation
and the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board by the City Attorney and upon motion of
Von Tobel and seconded by Mc Govern it was ordered that said contract executed on behalf of the

City by the Mayor and the Clerk and delivered to the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company

a corporation:	the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:-



Stewart, No, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol

Voting aye.

An ordinance amending ordinance No. one coming on before the Board for first reading and
the same being read by the Clerk of the Board it was ordered that the said ordinance be laid over
until the next regular meeting for the second reading. the vote being cast as follows towit.
Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his Honor the Mayor peter Buol
voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until November 13th, A.D. 1912. at eight o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 13th. A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners sitting in and for the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor. Commissioners Stewart, Mc Govern, Von Tobel.

All claims against the sewer system being presented before the Board the same were allowed as
appears more fully from the files of the Clerk of this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried


ordered that the Board adjourn until the 27th, day of November A.D. 1912. at eight o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 27th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon Commissioner Stewart, Von Tobel,
and Chas. M. McGovern, there being a quorum present the Board proceeded to the business of
the evening with Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel in the chair.

All freight Bills and claims against the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
allowed as appears from the files on record with the Clerk of this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
that this Board adjourn until the next regular meeting of the Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 4th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment All members present except the Hon Peter Buol Mayor of sal City.

There being a quorum present the Board proceeded then proceeded with the regular business
of the Board with Mayor protem Ed.Von Tobel in the Chair.

All claims allowed per claim book, reports of officers read and approved.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that Louis C. Kelsey Engineer for
said sewer system be paid the sum of $400.00 as second, payment for services rendered said City
as per contract now on file with this Board. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye.
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem Ed Von Tobel, aye.

An ordinance amending ordinance No. of the said City coming on before the Board for the
second reading was then read before the Board by the Clerk of said Board, after due consideration 

upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Stewart seconded by Mc Govern and duly
carried that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully from ordinance NO. one on file
with the Clerk of this Board. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin aye.

Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel voting aye.

The question of an sewer inspector for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on before the
Board and fixing the Salary of the same was after due consideration upon the part of the Board
and upon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Stewart and duly carried that the office of Sewer
Inspector in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada at a salary of $125.00 per month be and the
same is hereby created. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye. Coughlin aye.

Mc Govern aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded 



by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that sewer Commissioner Coughlin bo and is hereby invested 

with fully authority and power to hire said sewer inspector. the votebeing cast as follows
towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye.

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Coughlin it was duly ordered and carried that
there be transferred from the general fund of the City the sum of five Hundred dollars ($500.00)
to the street department of the City. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart aye,
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor Protem Ed, Von Tobel, voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that the Board adjourn until the	Wednesday December 11th, A.D. 1912.

Office of the City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada December 11th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present all members of the Board of City Commissioners 

except the Hon. Mayor peter Buol , there being a quorum present with the Hon Ed. Von Tobel.
Mayor protem preending the Board proceeded to business.

All claims against the sewer fund of the City allowed per claim book, and as appears on file
with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time John S. Parks of the consolidated Power and Telephone company appeared before
the Board of City Commissioners regarding the lighting of streets in said city after due consider
-ation upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Mc Govern seconded by Stewart and duly
carried ordered that there be nine lights placed upon Fremont Street, said lights to be of Iron
Standard Street Lighting fixtures not to exceed the sum of Six Hundred dollars as appears more
fully from blue print, the vote being cast as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor Protem voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
order that this Board adjourn to meet December l7th, A.D. 1912.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
December 17th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present All Commissioners of the Board with the
exception of the Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, there being a quorum present, with the Hon Ed. Von Tobel
Mayor protem present the Board proceeded to take up any and all matters due to come before the
Board, the question of accepting the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on
before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this matter go over until
December 17th, A.D. 1912. at eight o'clock P.M. there being no further business before the Board
it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this Board adjourn until December 17th,
A.D. 1912. to take any and all matters that may come before it.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 17th, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor protem and
Commissioners Coughlin, Stewart, and Mc Govern.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for the acceptance of the sewer
system of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada as constructed by the American Light and Water Company
for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada per an contract made and entered into on the 4th, day of
May A.D. 1912.

At this time J.C. Chatsfield assistance engineer for L.C. Kelsey the regular employed
Engineer for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada files his written report on said sewer system as
follows towit:- " Las Vegas, Nevada December 17th, 1912. To the Hon, Mayor and City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen , After acting as Engineer on
construction during the installation of the Las Vegas Sewer system, constructed by the American
Light and Water company, I hereby recommend to your Honorable body that the sewer system be

accepted as complete, according to the plans and specifications as adopted by the City Commissioners
of Las Vegas. I recommend this after throughly inspecting the system during, and after constr-
76

-uction

I make the above recommendation, acting as assistant engineer to L.C. Kelsey, yours truly

J.C. Chastfield. Engineer.


	Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada

December 31st, A.D. 1912.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel Mayor protem, with
Commissioners Coughlin and Mc Govern being present there being a quorum present the Mayor protem
Ed. Von Tobel called the meeting to order.

This being the time set by the Board for the approving and passing on all Liquor licenses
in the City of Las Vegas, for the year 1913, the clerk then proceed to read before the following
applications towit:-

No. 1, George A Zee Retail Liquor establishment
No. 2, J.H. Franklin	"	"	"

NO. 3, C.A. Haller	"	"	"

No. 4, Henry Jackson	"	"	"

No. 5, Anita Gonzales	"	"	"

No. 6, John F. Miller	"	"	"

No. 7, Daniel Hickey	"	"	"

No. 8, Kramer and Houck "	"	"

No. 9, Al James	"	"	"

No.10, J.H. Horden "	"	"

No. 11, Merit Pollard "	"	"

No. 12, George Bardoni "	"	"

No. 13, Henry Squires "	"	"

No. 14, Ed Van	"	"	"

No. 15, Robert H. Schaffer	"	"

No. 16, Annetta Burt "	"

No. 17, Pecetto and Graglio "	"

No. 18. Lon Groesback	"	"

No. 19, Wharton Drug Company	"	" (Drug	store)

No. 20, Ed W. Clark (Wholesale liquor establishment.

Thereupon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Mc Govern the following resolution was duly

adopted; Resolved that applications for permit for liquor Establishments filed with this Board

be and the same are hereby allowed as read. and be it further resolved that each of said permits



be granted for the year 1913. beginning January 1st, A.D. 1913 and ending December 31st, A.D. 1913.

for an covering the business set forth in the application and upon the premises as designated
in the said application respectively and that the City Clerk issue to the said applicants formal
permits in accordance with said permits and the ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
relative thereto, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Coughlin
and Mc Govern with the Mayor protem voting , aye, Noes, none. There after there being no further
business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this meeting be
adjourned.
Office of the City ClerK Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 1st, A.D. 1912.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel Mayor protem with Commissioners
Coughlin, and Mc Govern there being a quorum present the Board then proceed to take up any and
all matters that might come before it.

Minutes of regular and special meetings read and. approved as read, Reports of officers
read and approved, All claims against the City allowed and ordered paid as appears more fully
from claim book now on file with the ClerK of this Board, with the exceptions of the claim of
A.W. Jurden lumber Co. laid over for the approval of Street Commissioner Stewart and the Claim
of W.D. Worrell also laid over for the approval of the Street Commissioner, Stewart.

The question of settling with L.C. Kelsey the engineer employed by the City of Las

Vegas, Nevada relative to the construction of said sewer system and he having filed his recommendation 

of the acceptance of said sewer system as appear as follows towit:-
To the Hon. Mayor and City Commissioners Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen : I hereby recommend that the sewerage system as constructed by the American
Light and Water Company for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be accepted.

Yours truly. Louis C. Kelsey, Engineer.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board the following resolution was adopted

towit:- whereas it appears to this Board that the construction of the sewerage system in and

for the City of Las Vegas, has been completed per plans and specifications: and whereas there is

an amount is due Louis C. Kelsey for engineer services In the sum of $448.90 and whereas Louis C.



Kelsey is to deliver to the said City of Las Vegas a plat or blue print of all "Y" and



"T" in said sewer system it is upon motion of Coughlin seconded by McGovern duly made and carried: 

ordered that Louis C. Kelsey be and is hereby allowed the sum of $350.00 and be it further ordered that upon the filing and
delivering to said City the above mentioned plat the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will pay said
balance due Louis C. Kelsey as per contract entered into between said City and Louis C. Kelsey
the vote being as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern , aye, and his honor the Mayor
Protem Ed. Von Tobel. aye.

An ordinance governing the sewer and plumbing conditions in the said City coming on before

the Board for second reading the ClerK then proceeded to read the same before the Board after

a general discussion upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the passing of this ordinance

be laid over for final passage until January 7th, A.D. 1913, the vote being as follows towit
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

The question of ordering the necessary supplies for the plumbing inspector coming on

before the Board it was upon motion of Mc Govern and duly seconded by Coughlin and duly carried

ordered that the ClerK of this Board be and is hereby instructed to order the necessary supplies

for said plumbing inspector. the vote be as follows towit:- Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his

honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel, voting aye.

There being no no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried

order that this Board stand adjourned until January 7th, A.D. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M.

Las Vegas, Nevada January 7th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas,Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon Peter Buol Mayor and Commissioners
Coughlin, Stewart, and Commissioner Von Tobel. this being the time set by the Board for the
reading and final passage of ordinance No. 35 covering the sewer system and plumbing in said

City it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that sal d
ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance book No, 1. of said City the vote being as
follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor, voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board in February

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada February 5th, 1913.

A t a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held pursuant, to adjournment Present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor protem, Commissioners
W.J. Stewart, J.J. Coughlin, and Mc Govern.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read, all claims allowed per
claim book., reports of officers read and approved.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request of Louis c. Kelsey for the sum of
$98.81 balance due him for services rendered as City Engineer during the construction of the
Las Vegas sewer system. after due consideration upon the part of the Board the following resolution
 was adopted towit:- Whereas the Hon. Louis C. Kelsey has performed his work as Conclusion
Engineer for the said City of Las Vegas, in a manner to command the respect and admination of
the Citizen's of said City, and whereas the said Louis C. Kelsey as filed and placed for record 

in said City a map and plat covering the sewer system of said City be it resolved that it is
the unanimous voice of this Board that he be extended a vote of thanks for services rendered said
City, and be it further resolved that the City Clerk is hereby instructed to draw his warrant
for the balance due said Louis C. Kelsey and the City Treasurer is hereby instructed to pay the
same, the vote being cast as follows towit. W.J. Stewart, aye, J.J. Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye.
and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance regulating Excavations in streets
alleys, sidewalks, highways, public squares and places in the City of Las Vegas, and other
matters relating thereto, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion 
duly made and carried ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading in March meeting
of the Board, the vote being as follows towit:- W.J. Stewart, aye, J.J. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern
aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

The	question of a Jailor coming on before the Board it was after due consideration upon

the	part	of	the Board upon	motion of	Mc Govern	and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered

that the Police and Fire Commissioners be instructed to taKe up the matter of Jailer with Roy 

T. Lockett and report at the next meeting of the Board, the vote being as follows towit:-
W.J. Stewart, aye , J.J. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye. and his honor the Mayor protem voting
aye.

At this time the Members of the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board regarding
the	grading	of the streets	in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and after due consideration upon

the	part	of	the Board, and	talks and	a general	discussion by both members	of the Board of City

Commissioners and members of the Chamber of Commerce it was upon motion of Coughlin and seconded
by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered that the Street Commissioner of said City be allowed the

sum of Twenty five dollars per month to hire and assistant to assist him in the grading an d
repairing of the streets in said City, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin, aye.

A.D. 1913.
McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem aye.

The question of allowing a certain amount of money for street purposes coming on before
the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered
the the sum of two thousand dollars be transferred from the general fund of the City to the
Street fund of the City the same to be used for the improving of the Streets in said City.

The City Attorney was instructed by the Board to draft an ordinance regulating the carrying
and use of fire arms and airguns within the City of Las Vegas, and also to draft amendments to
the Plumbing ordinance, being ordinance No. 36. so that said last mentioned ordinance might be
read far the first time at an adjournment of this meeting.

The Consolidated Power and Telephone Company presented a bill for $1700, duly itemized and
accompanied with proper vouchers, for expenses incurred in the construction of the electric light
system for the streets of the City, and requested the payment of said sum of $1700 on account
of the work, Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner McGovern and seconded by Commissioner Coughlin
it was duly resolved: That Whereas it appears the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company has
presented to this Board an itemized bill for $1700 for expenses incurred in the construction
of the street light system for the City under the contract therefor, and has requested the allowance
of the same on account. Now therefore be it resolved that said claim of $1700.00 be and the
same is hereby allowed, and the Mayor protem. be and he is hereby directed to endorse the same
as allowed and the clerk is authorized and directed to draw his warrant for said sum upon the
City Treasurer for the amount thereof; it being proved, however, that the payment of said sum
is not to constructed or intended as an acceptance of the work or any part thereof done under
said contract. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem. voting aye. Noes, None.

The matter of levying taxes for the City for the year 1913 was brought before the Beard and
considered by it and final action thereon was by motion duly made and seconded and carried ordered
that this matter be deferred until adjourned meeting of this meeting.

The application of the Thomas Department Store Company for a liquor license permit was considered 

by the Board but owning to the lateness of the hour was by motion duly made and carried laid
over for final disposition until the adjourned meeting of this meeting.

Thereafter it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that
this Board adjourn until Wednesday February 12th, ADD. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M. to take
up any and all matters that may come before it, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye,
McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
		February 12th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment, present Hon Ed. Von Tobel Mayor protem Commissioners

Stewart, and McGovern present. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the question of advertising the Regal Compressor for sale belonging to the
City Coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly
carried ordered that the Clerk of this Board be an is hereby instructed to advertise in the Clark
County Review and weekly newspaper in said City until further ordered of the Board the aforesaid

compressor. the vote being as follows towit Stewart aye, McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor
protem voting aye.
This being the time set by the Board for the hearing of the Thomas Department Store for a retail
permit to sell liquor in the City of of Las Vegas Nevada, and the same having been read to the
Board in full by the Clerk it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried

ordered that said permit be granted subject to ordinance No. 33 of said City, the vote being as
follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the  Mayor protem voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the fixing of the tax rate for the year 1913 and
the same coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this
matter go over until Wednesday February 19th. A.D. 1913.

The claim of Robert Schaffer of the Charlestoon Hotel for the sum of five dollars for replacing
plaster and damages down said Hotel building during the constructing of the sewer system in said
City Coming on before the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the Wednesday
meeting of the Board February 19th, A.D. 1913. for further information from the American Light
and Water company.

At this time the Committee and members of the Chamber of Commerce having in charge the question
of grading the streets in the said City of Las Vegas through there committee reported progress
with a request that more time be granted them, whereupon motion duly made and carried it was
ordered by the Board that said request be granted.

At this time the question of settling with the American Light and Water Company the firm that
constructed the sewer system for said City Coming on before the Board and it appearing to the
satisfaction of the Board that all claims against said sewer system have been paid and
that there is a balance of $249.71 to be divided between the American Light and Water Company
and the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, said Company to receive half an the City of Las Vegas to receive
half, or in other words the City Clerk is hereby instructed to draw the City's warrant for the
sum of $147.37 in favor of the American Light and Water Company as final settlement on said sewer
system, it was then upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that
said claim of 147.37 dollars be allowed, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye,

McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time the Clerk of the Board called the attention of the Board to the fact that said
sewer fund was short in the amount of $98.46 owening to said City paying and allowing warrants
on said fund that belong to the general fund of the City, and that to meet the above claim it
would be necessary to transfer to above stated sum to the sewer fund of the City, whereupon
Motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart it was ordered that the sum of 98.46 be transferred
from the general fund of the City to the Sewer fund of the City, the same being carried with
the following vote, towit:- Stewart aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time the City Attorney called to the attention of the part that part of the statutes
relating to the auditing of the City books whereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered
that the Finance Commissioner have said Books of the City of Las Vegas Audited as by law provided

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until next Wednesday February 19th, A.D. 1913. to take
up any and all matters that may come before it.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
February 19th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment to take up any and all matters that may come before it

present , Hon. Ed. Van Tobel, Commissioners Stewart, and McGovern. with the Clerk and City Attorney



The Committee on streets of the Chamber of Commerce then presented a oral report of progress
on the streets of said City and asked for more time, the same was granted by the Board.

The Clerk of the Board was instructed to have a frame made for the sewer plat and map of the
City.

The commissioner of Finance and Revenue subpitted the Board a Budget for the year 1913. after
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Stewart and seconded
by Mc Govern it was resolved that the Report be and the same is hereby accepted, and that the
Budget as prepared by the Commissioner of Finance &n Revenue be and the same is hereby adopted
by the Board as the Budget for the year 1913. as follows towit:-
" To The Hon. Mayor protem and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sirs: As your commissioner of Finance I hereby submit for your approval the yearly Budget for
the forthcoming year as per an ordinance passed by the aforesaid Board. The amount of income
from licenses per month about $350.00 Amount of money required for running expenses per month
as follows towit:-

Salary fund.        Salary	1/2 of all licenses	defect per month          per year

$270.00	$175.00	$95.00	$1140.00

City light fund$115.00	$87.50	$27.50	$330.00

Police Dep.Fund$115.00	$87.50	$27.50	$330.00

The above deficit can be taken out of the cash bases fund at any time, which will be plenty
to cover the above deficits.

Your tax levy for the year 1913. on the bases of one dollar I would suggest that it be made as

follows towit:-  Valuation $800.000.00

Cash bases fund at 20 cents will raise $1600.00

Sewer Bond Interest fund at 30 cents will raise $2400.00

Sewer Bond sinking fund at 20 cents will raise	$1600.00

Street fund at	30 cents will raise	$2400.00

There will be about $1500.00 from poll taxes next year that will be devoted to street purposes.

Yours truly.

C.M. McGovern
Finance commissioner.

the vote on said resolution was as follows towit:- Commissioners Stewart aye, McGovern aye,
and his Honor the Mayor protem voting aye. Noes None.

The next question considered was the levy of taxes for the year 1913. and the fixing of the
tax rate therefor.

Upon motion of Mc Govern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried the following resolution
was adopted " Resolved that an ad Valorm tax of one dollar be and the same is hereby levied for
the year 1913. upon each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated and paying 

within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, including the net proceeds of
mines, except such property as is exempt by law from taxation; such tax to be known and used
as "The City of Las Vegas tax for the year 1913," according to the provisions of section 5I
of an act of the State of Nevada, entitled " An act to Incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in
Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishment of
a City government therefor, and other matters relating thereto." approved March 16th, 1911.

Be it further resolved , that said tax rate of one dollar as above mentioned and specified
be levied in the amounts and for the proposes and special funds of the City as follows towit
Cash bases Fund, twenty cents (20cts) ; sewer Bond interest fund, thirty cents (30) cts sewer
Bond sinking fund, twenty cents (20cts) and street fund (30cts) and that when collected the
same be apportioned to said special funds as provided and above specified.

Be it further Resolved that the Board of County Commissioners of Clark, County Nevada, be and
they are hereby requested and directed to levy the above mentioned tax for the above mentioned
purposes under the above mentioned Act at their regular meeting on the first Monday in March 1913.

Be it further resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas forthwith transmit and
file with the said Board of County Commissioners, and prior to said First Monday in March. 1913.
a certified copy of this resolution , and that said certified copy be authority request and
direction for the levy of such taxes by said Board of County Commissioners for said City of
Las Vegas, " the vote on said resolution was as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, McGovern, aye.
and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye. Noes None.

Office of the City ClerK, Las Vegas, Nevada.

March 5th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas.

Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Ed. Von Tobel Mayor protem, and Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, and Mc Govern. with the ClerK and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read also adjourned meetings of the

Board, Reports of officers read and approved as read. all claims allowed per claim booK.



The question of placing additional streets lights on Third street between Ogden and Stewart street
coming on before the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board ordered

that this matter be turned over to the Light Commissioner.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board An Ordinance to regulate and prevent the discharge
of Fire Arms, air guns etc. within certain limits and portions of the City of Las Vegas. Nevada.
for the first time after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this
ordinance be laid over until the second reading in April meeting. 1913.

An ordinance regulating Excavations in streets, Alleys, sidewalKs, highways, public squares
and places in the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto, coming on before the
Board for second reading was after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion
of McGovern and duly second by Stewart and duly carried ordered that the same be passed by the
following vote towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem
voting aye.

At this time the Road committee of the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board and
presented their report reading the streets in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. as follows towit:-

" It is the sense of your committee that the money available for street purposes be used
to put the greatest possible mileage of the streets of the City in good passable condition, by
using a thin covering of gravel , perhaps on most blocks of the dirt streets four inches thick
in the center of the streets and tapering to the curb; after which the street shall be oiled .

In doing such work the ground and the gravel and oil surface be rolled with the best roller
obtainable. the above motion was made and seconded and duly carried by a vote of the following

members of this committee at a meeting held Wednesday evening March 5, 1913.

Signed . E.W. Griffith, Roy W. Martin, I.C. Johnson, C.P. squires.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion duly made by McGovern

and seconded by Coughlin that street Commissioner Stewart be empowered to go ahead with the
worK on said streets with the assistance of the said Road Committee. the vote being as follows
towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

The next business considered by the Board was the calling of an election to be
held for the purpose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners. Thereupon after a discussion
of the matter, and upon motion of Commissioner Stewart seconded by Commissioner McGovern, the
following Resolution was duly adopted viz: " Resolved , that a general election be and the same
la hereby ordered to be held at the Fire house in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. on
the 6th, day of May, 1913. for the election of a Mayor and Four Commissioners; that the polls
be opened at 8o'clock A.M. and close at 6 o'clock P.M. on said day, and that L.D. Smith, J.A.
Delameter and John W. Tuck, Sr, be and they are hereby are appointed as inspectors of said election
to conduct the same in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada governing elections.

Be it Further Resolved, that no candidate for office at such election shall be entitled to have
his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate shall, at least ten days before the
date of such election, file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a certificate
of nomination in writing, containing the name of the person nominated, such certificate shall
be signed and verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein
possesses the qualifications as required by the City Charter. All provisions of the law relating
to general elections so far as the same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the
provisions of the City Charter shall be observed in the conduct of such election.

Be It further resolved, that the Mayor protem., the Mayor being absent be and he is hereby
is authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of such election,
such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary

or required to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the city of Las Vegas of the date,
time, place of holding such election, the purpose thereof, the conditions under which the same
is held, the name of the Inspectors of such election, and such other matters as may be deemed
proper in the premises.

Be it further resolved that such Proclamation be published in the Clark County Review for
a period of at least four weeks prior to the date of said election, and printed copies of such
Proclamation be posted by the City Clerk in three public places in said City for the same period
of time.

Be it further resolved that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed to have

the official ballots prepaired and to do and perform all such acts and give such notices as may

be necessary or required of him in order that said election may be called and held, 

and the qualified voters may have notice thereof, as required by the laws
of the State of Nevada governing elections as as required by the provisions of the City Charter
and this resolution. the vote on said resolution be as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin,

aye, McGovern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

	A Letter from the Chamber of Commerce relating to the establishment of a Llbary under the
Carnegie System was read before the Board and after due consideration upon the part of the it
was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin and duly seconded and carried ordered
that this matter be returned to the Chamber of Commerce with instructions that the City has
not sufficient funds of enterine any thing if this kind at the present. the vote being as follows
towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern, aye, and his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time H.M. Lillis presented to the Board a petition from the abbuting tax payers on
first street asking that an side walk be laid from Fremont street south to Garcia street, after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be turned over to the
City Attorney with instructions that he look into the legal part of said matter and, report to
the Board at there next regular meeting in April. there being no further business before the Board
it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next
regular meeting unless called together by the Mayor.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
March 21st, 1913.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held pursuant to a call of the Hon. Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel. Present Hon Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, and his honor the Mayor. protem. The Clerk thereupon read the call
and notice of said special meeting with affidavits of service thereto attached. where upon motion
duly made by McGovern and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried it was ordered that said all and
Notice be spread in full upon the minutes of said meeting as follows towit

Las Vegas, Nevada March,21st, 1913.

To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Your are hereby notified that I have called a special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 21st, day of March,

1913. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. on said day for the purposes of considering and acting on
matters concerning streets and public places and street cleaning and street improvements . You are
hereby directed to give notice to each of the Commissioners of said Board of the time, place and
objects of said special meeting.

Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor protem.

Filed March 21st, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada. March 21st, 1913.

To Ed. Von Tobel, Mayor protem, Commissioners, Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern.

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

You are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor Pro-tem,
a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners will be held at the office of the City Clerk
in the City of Las Vegas on the 21st, day of March, 1913. at the hour of eight o'clocK P.M. for
the purpose of considering and acting on matters concerning streets and public places and street
cleaning and street improvements	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

(SEAL)	Filed this 21st, day of March A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City ClerK in and for
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I made personal service of the above Notice
on the aforesaid Commissioners, by handing to them personally a copy of the aforesaid notice of
said special meeting.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada this 21st, day of March

A.D. 1913.

Filed March 21st, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City ClerK.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded
by Coughlin the following resolution was duly adopted: " Resolved that the Commissioner of Streets
and alleys be and he is hereby authorized and directed to proceed with the permanent improvements
of the streets of the City of Las Vegas under the plan heretofore and hereby adopted by this Board
upon the advise and suggestion of the Committee on roads of Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce namely
to grade, gravel, and oil the streets of said City to the extent of moneys hereby appropriated.

Be it further resolved that said work be done and all materials ordered and placed under the
direction of the commissioner of streets and alleys and his assistant Mr Chatsfield, upon such
Plan as they may adopt. to conform substantially to the plan advised and reported by said
Committee of the Chamber of Commerce. Be it further Resolved, that the sum of $2800.00 be and

the same is hereby set apart out of the funds now in the street fund of the City of Las Vegas
to be used and applied solely for the purpose of paying for the labor and material used in said
above mentioned streets improvements; that said Commissioner of Street be and he is hereby limited
in the ensuring of obligations upon said special improvements to said sum of $2800.00 and that
no part of said $2800.00 be used for any other purpose or purposes. The vote on said resolution
be as follows towit:- Stewart.No. Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, and his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel voting aye.

The Board having completed the work for which the special call was issued, was upon motion
duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of
the Board.

Office of the City Clerk City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 2nd, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the above mentioned date . Present Hen. Peter Buol. Mayor of said City with Commissioners
Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern and Von Tobel present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and special meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers and claims against the City read and approved as per claim book.

At this time City Treasurer Ed. W. Clark presented before the Beard a written request and asked
that they grant him a salary in line with the duties of the office , therefore after consideration
upon the part of the Beard it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried
it was ordered that the City Treasurer be and is hereby allowed the sum of twenty five dollars per
month as salary for services performed in said office, te be paid as ether claims against the City
are paid. the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel
aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time street Commissioner Stewart moved the Board that the office of Municipal Judge
be raised from $25.00 per month to $37.50 per month there being no second to said motion it was
lost for the want of a second.

At this time Commissioner McGovern moved the Board that the City Clerk be and is hereby
instructed to write to Ira McFarland of Indian Springs and ascertain what he wanted done with the
Gasoline Engine new in the possession of the City that belonged to him, the same being seconded by
Commissioner Coughlin was duly carried as follows towit:-	Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern

aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

An ordinance to regulate and prevent the discharge of Fire-Arms, air guns etc, within certain
portions of the City was read for the second time, after due consideration upon the part of
the Board it was upon motion of Von Tobel and seconded by Coughlin duly carried ordered that the
same be passed as by the Charter provided as appears more fully from Ordinance Book Number one
of said City under ordinance No. 39. the vote being as follows towit, Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye.

Mc Govern aye, von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an ordinance regulating the obstruction of side -
walks and streets in said City for the first reading after due consideration upon the part of the

Board it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading of the Board.

At this time James Clark presented a request before the Board asking that be granted, permission
to erect a boot black stand on Fremont street in the front of the Las Vegas Hotel, after consideration 

upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of McGovern and duly seconded by Coughlin and

duly carried ordered that said permit be granted, but that the Board reserves the right at any and

all times to revoke said permission, vote as follows Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, Von Tobel, and the
his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Mc Govern and duly carried ordered
by the Beard that hereafter all Ordinance under the consideration of the Board be noticed by the
Clerk in the paper so as to give notice to the public of said pending action by the Board , the
vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and
his honor the Mayor protem voting aye.

At this time the City Attorney presented te the Beard the petition that had been presented to
the Beard for there consideration regarding to building of a sidewalk on first street between
Fremont and Garceia Streets, it appearing to the Board that the City has not sufficient funds at

the present time to undertake this project it was upon motion of Stewart and seconded by McGovern

and duly carried ordered that this matter be laid on the table the vote being as follow s
towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, No. and his honor the Mayor Peter
Buol voting No.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board asking that the City build a crossing on
Fremont across the alley between the Northern Hotel and the Nevada Hotel, after consideration upon
the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be turned over to the Street Commissioner

with instructions to report to the Board at its next regular meeting that probable cost of said

work, the vote being as follows towit Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye.
and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a claim of the American Light and Water company
for the sum of $49.07 for supplies un paid for by the city contracted during the construction
of the sewer system in said City it appearing to the Board that the above claim is a true and
just claim against the City it was upon motion of McGovern and seconded by Stewart and duly carried
ordered that the same be paid, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye,

Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time the Light Commissioner Coughlin called the attention of the Board to the fact
of putting additional lights in the Alleys of the business sections of the City
whereupon motion duly made by Mb Govern and seconded by Stewart it was ordered that the Light
Commissioner be and is hereby instructed and given authority to use his best judgement in the
matter and if found that the same can be done for a nominal figure and would be a benefit to the
City is hereby empowered to established said lights. the vote being as follows: Stewart, aye
Coughlin, aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol. voting aye.

The question of collecting merchandise and slot machine license in the said City
coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the City Attorney
be and is hereby empowered to proscute and and all persons not paying said license.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
April 11th, 1913.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

held pursuant to an special call of the Mayor, Hon. Peter Buol. Present Hon. Peter Buol. Ed. Von

Tobel, Chas Mc McGovern, Coughlin, and Stewart, commissioners of said City, the Clerk thereupon

read the call and notice of said special meeting with affidavits attached , whereupon motion

duly made by Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart it was ordered that said Call and Notice be

spread in full upon the minutes of said meeting as follows towit

Las Vegas, Nevada April 10th, 1913.

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

You are hereby notified that I have called a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners 

of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 11th, day of
April 1913. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. for the purposes of considering and acting upon
matters with relation to the special street improvements heretofore authorized and directed to
give notice of the time , place and objects of said meeting to the members of said Board of
Commissioners forthwith.

Peter Buol. Mayor.

Filed April 10th, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada April 10th, 1913.

To Ed. Von Tobel. Chas. McGovern, Stewart, Coughlin and his Honor the Mayor Peter Buol.

Sirs:-

Your are hereby notified that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has this day issued
a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be
held at the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, on the 11th, day of April 1913.
at the hour of eighth o'clock P.M. for the purposes of considering and acting upon matters with
relation to the special street improvements heretofore authorized, and I have been
instructed by the Mayor to give this notice in accordance with said call.

SEAL	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed April 10th, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City Clerk in and for the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada do hereby certify that I made service
   of the above Notice on the aforesaid Commissioners, by mailing to each of them a copy

of the above described Notice, on this 10th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 11th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed April 11th, A.D. 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

After a through discussion upon the part of the Board an remarks by C.P. Squires upon
the subject relating to the improvements of the Streets of said City and the Board failing to
reach an understanding in the matter it was upon motion duly made and by Mc Govern and seconded
by McGovern and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Saturday April 12th,

A.D. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M. the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye
McGovern aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor peter Buol voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
April 12th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular adjourned special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. Peter Buol. Mayor, Ed. Von Tobel,

Chas. M McGovern, Coughlin, and Stewart commissioners of said City, and Clerk of said Board.

The Board having adjourned to the above mentioned date for the purposes of taxing up any street



matters that may come before it as per a call issued by the Hon. Mayor on the 10th, day of April.
proceeded with the business of the evening, A Committee of the chamber of commerce appeared
before the Board and the matter of grading and fixing the streets in said City was discussed
pro. and con. by the members of the Board of City commissioner s and members of the Chamber of
Commerce Commettltte, it appearing to the Board that there was not sufficient information
before the Board to warrant them proceeding with the improvements of said streets it was upon
Motion of McGovern and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried ordered that this meeting stand
adjourned until there was sufficient information placed before the Board to warrant them taking
action in this matter, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Stewart aye, Coughlin
aye, Mc Govern, aye, Von Tobel. No, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 15th, 1913.

At a special meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada called by the Mayor Hon. Peter Buol. with Commissioners Stewart, and Von Tobel
present, there being a quorum present the Mayor called the meeting to ordered and the Clerk
then proceeded to read the call as issued by the Mayor.

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.	Las Vegas, Nevada April 15th, 1913*

You are hereby notified that I have this day called a special meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the office of the City Clerk on
the 15th, day of April A.D. 1913. for the hour of eight o'clock P.M. for the purpose of
considering and acting upon matters with relation to the special street improvements
heretofore authorized , and you are hereby authorized and directed to give notice of the
time and place and object of said, meeting to the members of said Board of City Commissioners,
forthwith.	Peter Buol.

Mayor.

Filed April 15th, 1913. Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 15th, 1913.

To Ed Von Tobel, Chas M. McGovern, J.J. Coughlin

and W.J. Stewart, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You arc hereby notified that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas has this day issued a

call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City to be held at

the office of the City Clerk on the 12th, day of April A.D. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M. for

the purpose of considering and acting upon matters with relation to the special street improvements 

heretofore authorized, and I have been instructed by the Mayor to give notice in

accordance with said call.

Harley A. Harmon City ClerK.

Filed this 15th, day of April A.D 1913. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(SEAL)

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) SS, I Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City
Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I made personal service
of the above notice on the aforesaid commissioners, by handing them personally a copy of the
aforesaid notice of said special meeting, on this 15th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada this 15th, day of April
A.D. 1913.	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed April 15th, A.D. 1913.

The Board then took up the question of which the meeting was called for, Commissioners Von

Tobel then reported to the Board that E.W. Griffith President of the Chamber of Commerce of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada requested him to make the following report to the Board regarding the

hauling and delivery of gravel from Arden Nevada to Las Vegas, Nevada for use upon the streets of

said City, that after a personal talk with the representatives of said Railroad Company that they

had promised Mr E.W. Griffith that they the railroad Company charge the City of



las Vegas Nevada for transportation on said gravel from Arden Gravel pit to Las Vegas the sum of thirty five

cents per ton and that the City advance to said Company the sum of 150.00 Dollars for the installing

and completion of a spur in said gravel pit at Arden Nevada. Whereupon Motion of Von Tobel and

seconded by Stewart the following resolution was adopted , be it resolved that the City of Las

Vegas Nevada does accept the proposition of the salt Lake R.R. Company of 35 cents per ton for



transporting gravel from Arden Gravel pit Nevada to Las Vegas Nevada,	 and be it further resolved that the

City Clerk be and is hereby authorized and directed to draw the city's warrant in the sum of $150.00

to pay for the city's proportion of installing and completing the spur track at Arden
Gravel pit. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye Von Tobel. aye
and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol Voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned untill the next meeting of the Board or unless called together

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 19th, A.D. 1913.



At a special called meeting by the Mayor of said City for the purposes of acting upon the Wardie
addition, Present HOn. Peter Buol. Mayor and Commissioners Stewart, Coughlin, McGovern, and
Von Tobel present, there being a quorum present the Mayor then ordered the Clerk to read the call
as follows:		Las Vegas, Nevada, April 18th, 1913.

To Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

You are hereby notified that I have this day called a special meeting of the Board of City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the office of the city Clerk on the 19th,

day of April 1913. at eight o'clocK P.M. for the purpose of considering and action upon



matter with relation to the Wardie addition to the City of Las Vegas and you are hereby authorized

and directed to give notice of the time and place and object of said meeting to the members of
said Board of City Commissioners forthwith.	Signed Peter Buol. Mayor.

Filed this 18th, day of April A.D. 1931. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 18th, 1913

To Commissioners Ed Von Tobel, Chas McGovern, J.J. Coughlin and W.J. Stewart of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada. 	Sirs:- This is to notify you that subject to a special call of the Mayor

Peter Buol of said City of las Vegas Nevada there will be held a special meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners of said City on the 19th, day of April 1913. at the hour of eight o'clock
in the office of the City Clerk for the purpose of considering and passing upon the admittance

and legality of Wardie addition to the City of Las Vegas, Witness my hand and seal of the
City this 18th, day of April A.D. 1913.	Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Seal )

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City ClerK, of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify that I received the above notice from the Mayor
Hon. Peter Buol and that I made service of the above notice on each and every one of said Commiss-
ioners as per said ordered of the Mayor, on this 18th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Witness my hand and seal of the City this 18th, day of April A.D. 1913.

Filed this 19th, day of April 1913.	Harley A. Harmon City ClerK.

Peter Buol then presented to the Board a plat of the Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas
for the approval of the Board. The same was referred to the City Attorney for his opinion as to
whether or not the same was prepared in accordance with the law, and he reported that there was
objection to same. Upon motion of Mc Govern and duly seconded by Commissioner Stewart it was
resolved, that the plat of the Wardie addition to the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby
approved, and that the approval of this Board be engrossed upon said plat by the signature of
the Commissioners of this City and of the Mayor thereof, attested by the signature and seal of
the ClerK. The vote on said resolution being as follows: Commissioners Stewart, aye, Coughlin
aye, Mc Govern aye, Von Tobel, aye, Noes, None. the Mayor Peter Buol did not vote.

The Board having completed its business for which it was called together by the Mayor it
was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 7th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 7th, day of May A.D. 1913. Present Hon. Ed. Von Tobel Mayor Protem with
Commissioners J.J. Coughlin, and W.J. Stewart the Clerk of said Board and City Attorney present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting of the Board read and approved as read, reports of
officers read and approved as read with the exceptions of the Sewer Inspector who was instructed
to file an itemized report of all fees collected by him.

At this time the Clerk placed before the Board the report of Special Auditor A.S. Henderson
for there consideration said report meeting the approval of the Board it was upon motion of
Coughlin and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that said report be accepted placed
on file and that Auditor A.S. Henderson be extended a vote of thanks. the vote on said resolution 

being as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye, and his Honor the Mayor protem
voting aye. Noes None.



At this time the Committee on Roads and streets of the Chamber of Commerce of the City of Las Vegas
appeared before the Board regarding the grading and fixing of said streets, and after a through

discussion by the Board and members of said Chamber of Commerce Committee it was finally
ordered by the Board that the matter of grading of streets in said City be laid over for the
Newly elected Board to take charge of said. work, as owing to the short time that this
Board will be in office they would not have time to complete said work.

At this time Commissioners of Light's J.J. Coughlin reported to the Board that he taken up
the matter of putting Light's in the alleys in the business section of said City with the
Consolidated Telephone and Power Company and that said Company would put up and install said
lights for the City of Las Vegas to be burned all night for the sum of $1.25 per month for

each light, after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter
be laid over for action by the Newly elected Board of City Commissioners.

This being the time for the second reading of an Ordinance regulating obstructions of side

walks and streets in said City coming on before the Board the Clerk proceeded to read said

ordinance for the second time, after the reading of said ordinance by the Clerk of said Board

it was upon motion of Coughlin and seconded by Stewart and duly carried ordered that said

ordinance be passed as appears more fully from ordinance book Number one of of said City under

Ordinance No. 40. the vote on said ordinance be as follows towit:- Stewart, aye, Coughlin, aye.



and his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel voting aye.

Upon motion of Stewart and seconded by Coughlin and duly carried it was ordered that this
Board stand adjourned until Wednesday the 14th, day of May A.D. 1913. at eight o'clock P.M. to
take up any and all matters that may come before it, the vote being as follows towit:- Stewart
aye, Coughlin, aye, and his honor the Mayor protem Ed. Von Tobel, voting aye.

Office of the City ClerK, Las Vegas, Nevada,
May 14th, A.D. 1913.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. Peter Buol Mayor, and Commissioners Stewart
and Ed. Von Tobel. Minutes of May 7th, 1913. read and approved as read, All claims against the
City allowed as appears from the Claim book now on file in the office of the City Clerk.

This being the time set for the canvassing of the City Election returns for Mayor and Commissioners 

as held on the 6th, day of May A.D. 1913. and it further appearing to the satisfaction
of the Board that all the returns are in and on file with the Clerk of this Board as by law provided
the Board then proceeded to canvas said election returns , whereupon motion of Stewart and seconded
by Von Tobel and duly carried it was ordered that said returns be opened and counted as by law
Provided. Thereupon The City Clerk proceeded to open said returns and lay then before the Board
for there consideration, and after a carefully and through canvas by the Board it was found that
the following represented the vote cast for Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County Nevada.

Mayor: W.E. Hawkins	298

For Commissioner of the First Class:

John B. Curtiss	182

J.J. Lefurgery	74

Joe. E. smith	62

For Commissioner Second class.

J.J. Delameter	25

E.W. Griffith	163

A.H. Kramer	130

FOr Commissioners Third class

P.J. Sullivan	269

For Commissioner Fourth Class

Albert James	134

Edward E. Smith	183

It appearing to the Board that the above is a true and correct list of the election returns
in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 6th, day of May A.D. 1913. it was upon of

Von Tobel and seconded by Stewart and duly carried it was ordered that the Clerk of this Board
is hereby instructed and ordered to issue certificates of election to those candidates receiving the

highest number of votes for there respective offices and that the official returns of said election

be placed on file for record in the office of the Clerk of this Board, the vote being as follows towit

Stewart, aye, Von Tobel, aye, and his honor the Mayor Peter Buol voting aye.

At this time the newly elected Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada having

filed there official bond and the same having been approved by the Chairman of the Board of County

Commissioners of the County of Clark, State of Nevada as by law provided, The Hon. Mayor Peter Buol

then proceeded to administrated the oath of office to the newly elected Mayor W.E. Hawkins, an d

Commissioners John B. Curtiss, E.W. Griffith, Edward E. Smith, and P.J. Sullivan. they and each one

of them having qualified as by law provided then proceeded to organize, His Honor the Mayor 



W.E. Hawkins then called the Board to ordered all members being present the Board then proceeded
with the first business of the day, Whereby upon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by
Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered that all appointive officers of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
be declared vacant, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, Smith and
P.J. Sullivan voting aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting , aye,. Noes None.

The First business before the Board was the appointment of a City ClerK, whereby upon motion
of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioners Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that
Harley A. Harmon be and is hereby appointed to the office of City Clerk in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada at a salary of $40.00 per month and that he make and file a bond in the sum of $2500.00
dollars and his oath of office to be approved by this Board. the vote being cast as follows towit:- 
Commissioner Curtiss , aye, Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, and P.J. Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Noes, none.

Harley A. Harmon the newly appointed and elected City ClerK in and for the City of Las Vegas

Nevada having filed his official bond and oath of office in the sum of $2500.00 dollars with Chas.

Co. Corkhill and Chas. P. Squires as Surities on the same said bond being approved by the Board Mayor

W.E. Hawkins then administrated the official oath of office where upon Harley A. Harmon then tooK

up his duties as City ClerK and ClerK of the Board of City Commissioners.

The next matter to come before the Board was the appointment by the Mayor of the various Comm-



ssioners to there various departments. as follows towit:- Edward E. Smith was appointed to the

office of Police and Fire Commissioner, P.J. Sullivan was appointed to office of Sewer, Water
and Light Commissioner, E.W. Griffith was appointed to the office of Street and public property
Commissioner,  John B. Curtiss was then appointed to the office of Finance and Revenue commissioner.

The question of electing a Mayor protem coming on before the Board it was upon motion of comm-
issioner Sullivan and seconded by commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that Edward E. Smith
be and is hereby elected to the office of Mayor protem, the vote being case as follows towit:- 

Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, P.J. Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Noes None.

The question of appointing a City Attorney in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on

before the Board it was upon motion of Sullivan and seconded by Griffith ordered and duly carried

that Frank A. Stevens be and is hereby appointed to the office of City Attorney at a salary of

$50.00 per month upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of one thousand dollars.



the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, smith, Sullivan and his honor the Mayor 

W.E. Hawkins voting, aye, noes None.

The question of appointing a judge for the Municipal Court coming on before the Board it was



upon motion of Griffith and seconded by Smith and duly carried ordered that G.A. Case be appointed to the
office of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a salary of $35.00 per month
upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One thousand dollars and taking his oath
of Office, the vote being as follows towit:- Curtiss, Griffith, smith and Sullivan City Commissioners
and his honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes none.

At this time Police and Fire Commissioner Edward E. Smith notified the Board that he had app-
ointed.
F.E. Toph as Night Marshall in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and recommended that his
salary be fixed at $155.00 , upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said
appointment be approved and that he file his bond in the sum of one thousand dollars and take the
oath of Office. and the salary of said office be fixed at $115.00 per month.

At this time the Clerk administrated the Oath of office to the Newly appointed officers City

Attorney. F.A. Stevens, G.A. Case Municipal Judge, and F.E. Toph Night Marshall they having filed

 there official bond as follows towit:- F.A. Stevens City Attorney with Roy T. Lockett and O.J



Van Pelt as sureties, G.A. Case Municipal Judge with Roy W. Martin and I.C. Johnson, F.E. Toph
Night Marshall with Ed. W. Clark, and Frank A. Doherty and the same being approved.

The question of establishing a regular meeting night of the Board coming on before the Board
it was upon motion of Griffith and seconded by Curtiss and duly carried ordered that the first
Wednesday in each Month be and is hereby established as the regular meeting night of the Board of
City Commissioners.

A draft of ordinance No. 41, entitled "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas amending section
19 of ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the Issuance
of plumbing and Sewer Connection permits for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and
for the regulation and Construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas", was presented
to the Board and read. Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith
the following preamble and Resolution was adopted: "Whereas in the opinion of this Board the
health and welfare of the people of the City of Las Vegas requires the immediate passage of Ordinance 

No. 41, as presented and read, the same being entitled " An ordinance of the City of La s
Vegas amending section 19, of ordinance No. 36, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An ordinance
providing for the issuance of plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the Inspection of plumbing
and sewer connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing Work in the City of Las
Vegas, " And Therefore an emergency exists, Now Therefore Be it Resolved that said ordinance No.

41 as presented and read, be and the same is hereby adopted and passed as an emergency ordinance
upon the consent of the full Board, the same to take effect immediately upon its passage and
publication for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas. The vote on said Resolution was as follows : Commissioners Curtiss,
Griffith, Smith, and P.J. Sullivan and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

Commissioner Sullivan Thereupon recommended the appointment of James Nimock as Sewer Inspector
Thereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by commissioner Smith it was duly resolved
that James Nimock, be and he hereby is appointed Sewer Inspector of the City of Las V egas , at the
Salary fixed by the ordinance No. 41, adopted at the meeting , viz: to be paid monthly and amount
equal to the fees collected under said ordinance during each such month, and that such amount shall
be full compensation for all services rendered. the vote was cast as follows: Commissioner Curtiss
Griffith, Smith, Sullivan and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 4th. A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 4th, day of June A.D. 1913. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, and Sullivan.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as mead, Reports of officers read and
approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as appears from claim book on with the Clerk of this Board.

The question of proposals , request , and petitions coming on before the Board was then taken
up by the Board and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of comm-
issioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that hereafter any
and all proposals, request, or petitions or any matters representing and body of men or people
must must before presenting said proposals ,petitions, or request to said Board of City Commiss-
ioners must file the same in writing with the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners not less
than two days before any regular meeting of said Board, the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners, Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye. Noes None.



At this time the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance Requiring all persons, who, within
the limits Of the City of Las Vegas, buy, sell, exchange, or otherwise deal in and with second
hand goods as a business to keep a register, whereupon motion duly made and carried, it was ordered
that said ordinance go for the second reading of the Board at its next regular meeting in July.

The Clerk also read for the first time and ordinance Prohibiting Obstruction of the Streets
alleys, sidewalKs and sidewalks spaces by Fences and other obstructions, and providing for the
removal of the same, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this prop-
osed ordinance go over for second reading of the Board.

An ordinance amending the Sewer ordinance of the City was read for the first time and ordered
laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

The question of Prohibiting the Use of Fire works in the City of Las Vegas on the 4th, day of

July A.D. 1913 coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Griffith and seconded by Curtiss

and duly carried ordered that the Mayor of this City Issue an Proclamation Prohibiting the Use

of Firs worKs of any description in ClarK's Las Vegas Townsite being designated as follows towit

between the streets of Stewart, and Garcia, and Main Street and Fifth Street in said City. of



Las Vegas, Nevada. the vote being cast as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of building a store for City Supplies and material doming on before the Board
Commissioners of Streets and Alley's E.W. Griffith was authorized to get estimates on said
building and report to the Board at its next meeting.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 2nd, A.D. 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, E.W. Griffith, John B. Curtiss, Edward E. Smith, and P.J. Sullivan
Commissioners. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read. 

All claims against the City allowed per claim book no on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it

was ordered that , that part of the minutes created by the old Board relative to giving Notice of



ordinances to be passed by said Board be and the same is hereby repealed by this Board and the Clerk of
this Board is hereby given notice of this Board actions in the matter the vote on said resolution
being as follows towit:- Commissioners, Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, Edward E. Smith aye, P.J. Sullivan
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition from the tax payers and residents relative
to placing street lights on Freemont streets from seventh street on the and including Twelth street
in said City whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioners Curtis is was
ordered that this matter be referred to the commissioner of Lights and that he Obtain an
estimate of the cost of said work and report the same to the Board at its next regular meeting in
August the vote on said resolution be as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss aye, Griffith aye,
smith aye, P.J. Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins aye.

An ordinance of the city of Las Vegas concerning the numbering of Buildings in said City was then
read for the first time by the Clerk of the Board, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it
was ordered that this matter go over for the second reading of the Board.

An ordinance Requiring all persons, who, within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, buy sell
exchange, or otherwise deal in and with second-hand goods as a business to keep a register . was
read for the second time, whereupon motion by Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Smith it was ordered
that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one of said City under
ordinance No. 42. of said City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss aye, Smith , aye, Griffith, aye, P.J. Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Prohibiting Obstructions of the Streets , alleys , side-
walks and sidewalks apaces by Fences and other obstructions, and providing for the removal of the
same, was read before the Board for the second reading, whereupon motion of commissioner Griffith
and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed
as appears more fully in ordinance book No. one under ordinance No. 43 of said City, the vote
being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss No. Griffith aye, Smith, No. Sullivan aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

An ordinance amending section 4 of ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada coming on
before the Board for second reading was upon motion by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by
Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that the same be laid on the table. the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss aye, Griffith aye, Smith aye, Sullivan 

aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of enforcing ordinance No. 33, and especially section 15 and 16 of said
ordinance coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by
Commissioner Griffith and duly carried that the Clerk of this Board be and is hereby ordered and
directed to send a copy of said ordinance to all retail liquor dealers in said City and inform them

that said ordinance will be Enforced and to govern them selves accordingly.
There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada. August 6th, 1913.

At a regular session of the City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 6th, day of August A.D. 1913. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan, and Griffith present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read,

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as appears from claim booK on file
with the Clerk of this Board except the claim of A.W. Jurden for $9.85 which was laid over for
investigation by the Board.

At this time the ClerK read before the Board a petition from the retail liquor dealers

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada relating to the saloon license of said City which was after

due consideration upon the part and upon motion of Griffith and seconded by Curtiss and duly



carried ordered that said petition be filed and laid over for future reference, the vote on said resolution 

was as follows towit:- commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan ,aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner E.E. Smith reported to the Board of the appointment
 of H.M. Lillis as Fire Chief of the volunteer Fire Department and Chas. C. Corkhill as
assistant Fire Chief of said volunteer Fire Department and requested of the Board that there
appointment be approved by said Board : whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded
by Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered that said appointments be and are hereby approved the
vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, Griffith
aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Fire and Police Commissioner Smith of said City at this time made a report to the Board
of the proposal of Ewell and Batch relating to the use of there chemical engine or tank for fire
purposes in said City with the understanding that said City is to leave said chemical apparatus
at there place of business but to be used by said City at any and all fires providing said City
will refill said tank after each and ever time said chemical tank is used, whereupon motion of
Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan it was duly ordered and carried that
said proposition be and is hereby accepted by said City, the vote on said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, smith, aye, Sullivan, aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an ordinance for second reading regarding
the Numbering of Buildings in said City as appears more fully under ordinance No. 44, of said
City in ordinance BOOK no. one of said City, whereas upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by commissioner Smith the following preamble and Resolution was duly adopted: Whereas,

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, bearing No. 44, and entitled " An Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas concerning the Numbering of Buildings, " has been read for the first time and
comes up before this meeting for final action , and Whereas, said ordinance by the terms

thereof refers to a resolution passed upon this date as a part of said ordinance and as containing  

and setting forth the Regulations for the numbering of buildings, Now Therefore , for the
purpose of establishing regulations for the numbering of buildings as a part of and in connection
with said ordinance, Be it Resolved, as follows: Section 1, The numbering of all buildings
fronting upon the public streets, avenues and through fares within the City of Las Vegas shall
be in conformity with the decimal system and the following rules: First. The intersection of
Main and Fremont Streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite shall be the initial points of numbering
all blocks and buildings of the City of Las Vegas, as follows:	1, All buildings fronting on

east and west streets which intersect or start from Main street, beginning with numbers one (1)
and two (2) adjoining said Main street, shall be numbered progressively therefrom through each
block, Following the intersection of each numbered street or avenue the numbering shall again
begin with numbers one (1) or two (2), plus the number of hundreds which is indicated by the
number of said intersecting street or avenue.

2, All buildings fronting on North and south streets which intersect or start from Fremont
Street, beginning with numbers one (1) and two (2) adjoining said Fremont street, shall be num-
bered progressively therefrom through each block, Following the intersection with each of the
following named streets the numbering shall began with numbers one (1) or two (2) , plus the
number of hundreds to be determined as follows:

North Ogden and South of Carson Streets in Clark's Las Vegas townsite and in all
additions, one hundred (100) .

North of Stewart and South of Bridger Streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and in all
additions, Two hundred (200)

North of Mesquite Ave. in Bucks Addition and South of Lewis Street in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite and in all additions, three hundred (300).

North of Linden Ave. in Buck's addition and South of Clark Street in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite and in all additions, Four hundred (400).

South of Bonneville Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and in all additions, Five Hundred.
(500). South of Garces Street, in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and in all additions, Six Hundred
(600). For the purpose of this resolution and the ordinance in collection therewith Linden
Avenue in Grand View Add. shall be considered and taken as an extension and prolongation of
Linden avenue in Buck ' s addition; Mesquite Ave, in Grandview add. shall be taken and considered
as an extension and prolongation of Mesquite Ave. in BucK's add. Stewart st., Ogden St., Fremont
St., Carson., Bridger St., Lewis St., ClarK St. Bonneville St. and Garces St. as they may
respectively appear in either Buck's add. Fairview Tract, Ladss Add., Pioneer Heights of Wardie
Add., shall be taken and considered as an extension and prolongation of the streets of the corresponding 

names in Clark's Las Vegas townsite, and the numbering of the buildings fronting on said
streets in said addition shall be governed as to intervening streets as provided in paragraphs 1
and 2 of section 1 of this resolution by the number of the street as through there were land
laid out and platted at allpoints between Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and said additions conforming
in all respects to the platting of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite. For example, the houses fronting on
Fremont St. in the block between Eighth and Ninth streets in Buck's Add. shall bear base number
300, beginning with 801 and 802 following the intersection of Eighth and Fremont Streets and pro-
gressing as in paragraphs 1 and 2 of section 1 of this Resolution provided.

State street in Grand View Add. shall be taken and considered as an extension and prolongation
of Ninth street in Pioneer Heights and BucK's Add., Clarks St . Grand View Add. shall be taken
and considered as an extension and prolongation of tenth street in Pioneer Heights and BucK's
Add. and Fairview tract; La Salle St. in Grand View Add. shall be taKen and considered as an
extension and prolongation of Eleventh St. in Pioneer heights, Ladds Add. and Fairview Tract; Hill
St. in Grand View Add. shall be taken and considered as and extension and prolongation of Twelth
St. in Pioneer Heights, Ladds Add. and Fairview Tract.

3,	Buildings fronting on the north and west sides of streets and avenues shall be designated

by even numbers , and buildings fronting on the south and east sides of streets or avenues shall
be designated by old numbers, Each odd number shall be placed as nearly as possible opposite the
following consecutive even number.

4, For the purpose of this resolution and Ordinance in connection therewith the fronts of all
lots in ClarK's Las Vegas Townsite and all additions to the town of City of Las Vegas, as the
same are laid out and recorded in the office of the county Recorder of Lincoln County or Clark
County, Nevada, shall be divided into an equal number of parts, approximating twenty- five feet,
as nearly as may be, and one number shall be assigned to each of said parts. For the purpose of
this resolution and Ordinance in connection therewith, a block shall be held to mean the space
between consecutive streets or avenues in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or any of the additions to
the town or City of Las Vegas.

6,	When any street or avenue named herein intersects any other street or avenue from one side
only, the numbering on the opposite side of such intersected street or avenue shall be initiated

at the lot corner most nearly opposite that side of the street which lies farthest from the
initial point.

7,	It shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Streets and Public places to prepare or have
prepared the necessary maps and records of all lot numbers in the City, which maps shall be

Kept on file in the office of the City Clerk and shall be opened for examination to all persons
during the regular office hours of said City ClerK. The vote upon said Resolution was as
follows: Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, Sullivan, and Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Nones, None.



At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance amending section Thirteen (13) of
Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance Regulating the Distribution of
Intoxicating Liquors, and Regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed
providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts
of Ordinances in conflict therewith," whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith seconded by
Commissioner Smith and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second
reading. the vote on said motion being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye.
Smith , aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the ClerK read before the Board a petition from the resident tax payers on
First street between Fremont and Garces street requesting that the City place cement side walks
on said street, whereupon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan
and duly carried it was ordered that said petition be referred to the Commissioner of street with
instructions to obtain estimates on said worK and report the same to the Board at its next meeting
the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners, Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, smith, aye,

Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion duly made and carried the ClerK of the Board was instructed to write to the
Light Company and notify them that hereafter the City would not honor any claims for street
lights where said lights had failed to burn on any night as required by said contract and
agreement, but would only pay for those nights that said lights actual burned.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

September 3rd, 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nev.
held on the 3rd, day of September A.D. 1913. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Curtiss, Griffith, and E.E. Smith, with the ClerK and City Attorney present, there being a quorum
present, the Clerk proceeded to read the minutes of the previous meeting, which was approved as
read,	All Claims against the City were allowed as appears from the claim booK on file with

the ClerK of this Board. Reports of officers read and approved as read.

The question of transferring the sum of five hundred dollars from the general fund of the
City to the street fund of the City coming on before the City it was upon motion of Commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that the sum of $500.00 be
and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the street fund of the
City the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith
aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

An Ordinance Regulating the Speed of Automobiles and other conveyances within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, was read before the Board for the first time and upon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading.

An Ordinance Establishing official grades of the lots streets, alleys, avenues, public
Places, sewers, and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and City of Las Vegas , and
regulating the construction of Sidewalks therein and other matters relating thereto. was read
for the first before the Board upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner
Griffith it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading,

An Ordinance Amending Section Thirteen (13) of Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled " An ordinance Regulating the Distribution of intoxicating Liquors, and Regulating places
where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses, and
repealing Ordinances No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith."
was read for the second time, action thereon deferred until latter in the meeting.

The next matter considered by the Board was the question of the revocation of certain liquor
permits of persons operating saloons in Block 16 , There upon motion of Commissioner Smith
seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following preamble and resolution was duly adopted viz:

Whereas it appears to this Board that the retail liquor business now and heretofore conducted

by George Zee (or his assigns) on the premises lot 12 block 16 of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite under

permit for retail liquor establishment granted by the City of Las Vegas on the 31st, day of



December, 1912, to the said George A Zee is and. has been a nuisance, a menace to public health
and detrimental to the peace and morals of the City of Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof .

Now therefore belt resolved , that the permit for retail liquor Establishment heretofore
granted to the said George A. Zee as aforesaid, be and the same is hereby rescinded, revoked and
cancelled. The vote on said resolution was as follows: commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith,
aye, Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

The question of revoking the permit of Anita Gonzales next coming on before the Board 
it was upon motion of commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith ordered that the
following preamble and resolution was duly adopted viz: Whereas, it appears to this Board that

the retail liquor business now conducted by Anita Gonzales on the premises lot 11 blocK 16

of ClarK's Las Vegas Townsite under permit for retail liquor establishment granted by the City

of Las Vegas on the 31st, day of December 1912. to the said Anita Gonzales is and has been a

nuisance, a menace to the public health and detrimental to the peace and morals of the City

of Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof, Now therefore be it resolved that the permit for retail

liquor Establishment heretofore granted to the said Anita Gonzales as aforesaid be and the same

is hereby rescinded , revoked and cancelled. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:
Commissioners Curtiss aye, Griffith, aye, smith aye, and his hon the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye. Noes None.

	

The question of revoking the permit of George Bardoni next coming on before the Board it was.

upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith ordered that the following
preamble and resolution was duly adopted viz: Whereas, it appears to this Board that the retail
liquor business now conducted by George Bardoni on the premises lot 9 block 16 of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite under permit for retail liquor establishment granted by the City of Las Vegas on
the 31st, day of December 1912, to the said George Bardoni is and has been a nuisance a menace
to the public health and detrimental to the peace and morals of the City of Las Vegas and the inhab-
itants thereof, Now therefore be it resolved that the permit for retail liquor Establishment
heretofore granted to the said George Bardoni as aforesaid be and the same is hereby rescinded, revoked
and cancelled. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit

Commissioners, Smith aye, Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

The question of revoking the permit of J.H. Franklin next coming on before the Board it
was upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly ordered that
the following preamble and resolution be adopted as follows towit:- Whereas, it appears to
this Board that the retail liquor business now conducted by J.H. Franklin on the premises lot 13
block 16 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite under permit for retail liquor establishment granted by
the City of Las Vegas on the 31st, day of December 1912. to the said J.H. Franklin is and has been
a nuisance a menace to the public health and detrimental to the peace and morals of the City of
Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof, Now therefore be it resolved that the permit for retail
liquor Establishment heretofore granted to the said J.H. Franklin as aforesaid be and the same is
hereby rescinded, revoked an cancelled. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioner Smith, No, Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Curtiss seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following Resolution 

was duly adopted: Resolved that that portion of section 1, of proposed Ordinance No. 45,
being ordinance to amend Section 13 of Ordinance No. 33 and such portion reading as follows: "It
shall be unlawful for any person to conduct or carry on a retail liquor establishment in more
than one room at any place or to sell, serve or give away any intoxicating liquors in any other
room in which such retail liquor establishment is conducted or carried on, or to sell, serve
or give away any intoxicating liquor in any portion of the room in which such retail liquor
establishment is conducted or carried on, that is separated or divided from such room by a
partition or otherwise. Be and the same is hereby amended by striking out all of the above
quoted portion of said ordinance. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Curtiss, Aye, Griffith, Aye, Smith, Aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting Aye.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following res-
olution was duly adopted. Resolved that that portion of section 1, of proposed Ordinance NO.

45, being ordinance to amend section 13, of Ordinance 33, and such portion reading a s follows:
"It shall be unlawful for any proprietor, keeper , bartender, Clerk, or any other person haying
the charge or control of any drinking saloon to permit any female to visit said place , or ante
room or compartment connecting with the same, and it shall also be unlawful for any female to
visit such drinking saloon, or ante-room or compartment connecting with the same, " be and the
same is hereby amended so that the same shall read as follows: " It shall be unlawful for any
proprietor, keeper, bartender, clerk or any other person having the charge or control of any
drinking saloon to permit any female to visit said drinking saloon: and it shall also be unlawful
for any female to visit such drinking saloon." The vote on said resolution was as follows

Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.
Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolution
was duly adopted, " Resolved that section 1, of proposed Ordinance No. 45. being ordinance to
amend section 13, of Ordinance 33, be and the same is hereby amended by inserting after the last
paragraph of section 1, of said proposed ordinance the following paragraph as a new paragraph
" No liquor license shall authorize the holder thereof to sell, serve or give away any liquors
at anytime other than between the hours of six o'clock A.M. and one o'clock A.M. of the succeeding day
of each day of each week ; and it shall be and is hereby made unlawful to sell, serve or give away,
any spirituous , malt, or fermented liquors or wines or mixed intoxicating liquors, in any establishment, 

saloon, tippling house, sample room, bar room, drinking place, restaurant, club, club room
or drug store, on any day or days of the week between the hours of one o'clock A.M. and six o'clock
A.M. of the same day. Provided, however, that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not
apply to the sale by druggists of such liquors for medicinal purposes, upon the prescription in
writing of a licensed physician, not the sale by such druggists of pure alcohol for medical, mechanical 

or scientific uses. the vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Curtiss, aye,
Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, aye,. This ordinance shall take
effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication one week (one issue) in the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas. Ordinance No. 45 being an
ordinance to amend section 13 of ordinance No. 33. was then taken up for final action, The Ordinance
as amended was read in full, Upon motion of commissioner smith seconded by Commissioner Griffith
and carried that the ordinance as amended be adopted, the vote was as follows: Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada

October 1, 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 1st. day of October, A.D. 1913, there were present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor; Commissioners 

Curtiss, Griffith and Smith, and City Attorney. The minutes of the meeting of
September 3rd., 1913, were read and approved as read.

All claims against the City were allowed as appeared on the claim book on file with
the Clerk of this Board, except the bill of J. South, which was referred to the Street Com-
missioner.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

The City Clerk being absent, and having requested the Board to appoint C.E. Pembroke
as Deputy City Clerk, to act in his absence, and at his expense, it was upon motion of
Commissioner Griffith, seconded by Commissioner Smith, resolved: That the office of Deputy
City Clerk be and the same is hereby created, and that C.E. Pembroke be and he is hereby
appointed Deputy City Clerk to have and exercise the powers and duties of the City Clerk
upon his qualification by taking the oath of office. Thereupon Deputy City Clerk Pembroke
duly qualified. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss
and Smith and his honor the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

Ordinance No. 46, entitled "An ordinance regulating the speed of automobiles, and
other conveyances within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas," was read for the
second time, and upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the
said ordinance was duly passed. The vote on said ordinance being as follows: Commissioners
Curtiss, Griffith and Smith, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Ordinance No. 47, entitled "An ordinance establishing official grades of the lots,
streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite,
and City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other matters
relating thereto was read for the second time, and upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss,
seconded by Commissioner Griffith, the action upon said ordinance was ordered to be deferred
until later in this meeting, or at an adjournment thereof.

An ordinance entitled "An Ordinance for police regulation and prohibiting public dance
halls in the City of Las Vegas, was read for the first time and ordered to go over for the
second reading.

An ordinance entitled "An ordinance to ament Section Nine (9) of Ordinance No. Thirty-
three (33) of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance regulating the distribution of intoxicating
 liquors, and regulating places where such liquors are sold, or otherwise distributed
providing for permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No. Three (3) and all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith;" was read in full to the Board for the first
time and ordered to go over to the second reading.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas,
licensing for purposes of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter
specified, transacted or carried on, within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas,

State of Nevada, fixing the rate of license tax upon the same and providing for the selection
of license tax and a punishment for carrying on or conducting ay such business without a
license, and repealing ordinances Nos. One (1) Two (2), Four (4), Thirteen (13) Fourteen
(14), and Thirty-five (35) "was read in full to the Board for thefirst time, and ordered to
go over to a second reading.
The application of John Webber and Tony Andrino, filed on this date requesting a permit
for a license to conduct a retail liquor establishment in the "Turf Saloon" on Lot 12, of
Block 16, of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, was next considered by the Board. Commissioner
Griffith moved that said application be denied. There was no second to said motion.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Griffith, it was ordered that said
matter be taken up at an adjournment of this meeting.

Petition of G. A. Case, municipal judge, that his salary be raised to the sum of $50.00
per month, was next considered by the Board. On motion of Commissioner Griffith, seconded
by Commissioner Curtiss, it was ordered that said petition be filed for future consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Griffith, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that
the meeting adjourn until 7:00 o'clock P.M., on Thursday the 2nd. day of October, 1913.

The vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith, Curtiss and Griffith, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of an adjourned Regular Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held at the office of the City Clerk in the City of Las Vegas, on the 2nd. day of
October, 1913. at the hour of 7:00 o'clock P. M., pursuant to order of adjournment made at
the regular meeting held on October 1st, 1913. Present: Mayor Hawkins, Commissioners
Smith, Griffith and Curtiss; City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

W.J. Stewart presented to the Board a communication requesting the privilege of purchas-
ing and removing the fence around Block 20. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,
the Commissioner of Streets and Public Places was authorized to receive bids and to sell and
have removed said fence, and report his action at the next regular meeting; such fence to be
sold to the best bidder.

Ordinance No. 47, entitled "An ordinance establishing official grades, of the lots, streets,
alleys, avenues, public places, sewers and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and
City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein, and other matters re-
lating thereto was next considered by the Board. Upon a motion of Commissioner Griffith,
seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following amendment to said ordinance was duly adopted:

"That the width of the walk within the fire limits where there is no building and the lot
vacant, be and the same is hereby changed so that the same shall read on line 30 of page 2
of said ordinance, as "10" feet instead of "11"' feet.	Said ordinance then came up for final

passage as amended.	The same was read infull to the Board as amended.	Upon motion of

Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Griffith, said ordinance No. 47, as amended and
read, was duly adopted upon the following vote: Commissioners, Curtiss, Smith, Griffith and
his honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith, seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, and duly carried,
the City Attorney was instructed to draft and present at the next regular meeting, an ordinance
prohibiting dogs to run at large within the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith, seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the application
of John Webber and Tony Andrino, for a permit for a retail liquor license was upon a vote
thereon, ordered to be laid on the table for future reference. Said vote being as follows:
Commissioners Curtiss, Smith and Griffith, and his honor the Mayor voting aye, noes, none.

Petitions for the construction of sidewalks on First, Second and Fremont Streets, in
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, were presented to the Board. Upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Griffith, the following resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved: that the City Attorney be, and he is hereby ordered to draft and present at the
next regular meeting of the Board, proper ordinances providing for the construction of side-
walks upon First, Second and Fremont Streets in accordance with the provisions and requests
of said petitions. And providing for the cost and expense of such construction to be made
by a special assessment, to the full extent provided by the Charter, and the balance of the
cost to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas, and that by such ordinances, said
First, Second and Fremont Streets be constituted separate and distinct Assessment Districts.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Curtiss, Smith and Griffith
and his honor the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the meeting adjourned subject to call as
by law provided.

Office of the City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada, November 5th, 1913

This being the time set by ordinance for the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayer, and P.J. Sullivan
with the City Clerk and City Attorney, Commissioners Curtiss, smith and Griffith absent and
a quorum net present no meeting as by ordinance provided was held.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 14th. 1913.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners was held at the office of the City
Clerk on this 14th, day of November 1913. at the hour of nine o'clock A.M. in pursuance of
notice duly given: present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, Commissioners smith and Griffith with the
City Clerk and City Attorney: absent Commissioners Curtiss, and Sullivan .

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada as appears upon claim book was allowed by the
Board there being no further business before the Beard, it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith
and seconded by Commissioner Griffith ordered that this Board stand adjourned, the vote being as
follows towit:- Commissioners smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his Hen. the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 3rd, 1913.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas

Nevada held on the 3rd, day of December A.D. 1913., Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins , Mayor with

Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan with the City ClerK and City Attorney.



Minutes of the last regular  and special meeting read and approved as read, all claims against the City
allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, Reports of office read and app-
roved as read.

An Ordinance prohibiting dogs from running at large in the streets, alleys or public places
of the City of Las Vegas and Repealing Ordinance No. 19, entitled " An ordinance amending ordina-
nce No. 12, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, " A Ordinance Providing for the collection of
a dog license or tax" and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith. was read
for the first time and laid for the second reading of the Board at there regular meeting to be
held in January. 1914.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing , for purposes of regulation and revenue
every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corp-
orate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the
same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or
conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. l, 2, 4, 13, 14, and
95. was read before the Board for the second reading and after due consideration upon the part of

the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried Motion by Commissioners Griffith and seconded

by Commissioner Smith that the same be adopted as read, as appears more fully under ordinance 

No, 48 in book one of said City. the vote on said resolution being as

follows towit:- commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his

Hon. the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

An Ordinance for police regulation, and prohibiting public dance halls in the City of Las
Vegas. was read for the second time and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
upon motion of Commissioner. Smith and seconded by commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered
that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully from Ordinance Book no. one under ordinance
Number 49 of said City, the vote on said ordinance was as follows towit:- commissioners Griffith
Curtiss, smith, Sullivan and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes . None.

The next matter considered by the Board was the application for Permits to conduct liquor
establishments in the City of Las Vegas for the year commencing on the 1st day of January, 1914.
and ending on the 31st, day of December, 1914. the following applications on file with the Clerk
were thereupon read by the Clerk to the Board. For retail Liquor Establishment:- Number No. 1,
Clinton and Haller, No. 2, Al James, No, 3, R.H. Schaffer, No, 4, J.D. Kramer, No, 5, Henry Squires
No, 6. Ed Van, No, 7, Lon Groesback, No, 8, Pecetto and Gragalo, No, 9, the Hotel Nevada Mining
Company, No, 11, J.W. Horden. No, 12, Merit pollard, No, 14, Carl Wassebach , No, 15, John Weber
and Tony Andrino, NO, 16, Daniel Hickey,

For Wholesale Liquor Establishment: Ed. W. Clark Fordwading Co. NO, 13, No. 17, Los Angeles
Brewing Company, For Retail Drug store. E.S. Wharton Drug Company.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Griffith, the following
Resolution was duly adopted; "Resolved, that permission is hereby granted to Clinton and Haller
to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Oxford Hotel on First street in the City of Las
Vegas for the year beginning January 1, 1914. and ending December 31st, 1914. and that the City
Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Clinton and Haller upon the payment 

to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license." The vote upon
said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtis, aye, smith, aye, Sullivan
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, aye,.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith seconded by Commissioner smith, the following Preamble
and Resolution was duly adopted:- Whereas, the applicant Dixon Lee for a retail Liquor Establish-
ment Permit for the year beginning January 1, 1914. and ending December 31st, 1914. is not in
the opinion of this Board a fit and proper person to carry on a liquor business in the City of
Las Vegas, as mentioned in the ordinance of the City of Las Vegas. Now Therefore, Be it resolved
that the application of the said Dixon Lee for a permit to conduct a retail liquor establishment
in said City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby denied by this Board for the reasons herein-
before set forth. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith , aye,
Curtis, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that Permission is hereby granted to Al. James to conduct
a retail liquor establishment at the Arizona Club on First Street in the City of Las Vegas for
the year beginning January 1, 1914. and ending December 31st, 1914. and that the City Clerk be
and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Al. James upon the payment to him of the
sum required for said retail liquor establishment license." the vote upon said resolution
was as follows towit, Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, aye,.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to R. H. Schaeffer
to conduct a retail liquor establishment at Hotel Charleston on First Street, in the City of
Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and that the
City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said R. H. Schaeffer upon the

payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. the vote

upon said resolution was as follows towit: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,

Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to J. D. Kramer to
conduct a retail liquor establishment at Colorado Hotel on First street in the City of Las
Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and that the

City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said J. D. Kramer upon the payment 

to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. The vote upon
upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye,
Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. HawKins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Henry Squires to
conduct a retail liquor establishment at The Squires Hotel on First Street in the City of
Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and that
the City Clerk, be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Henry Squires upon
the payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. The
vote upon said resolution was as follows: commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith,
aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. HawKins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Ed. Van to conduct
a retail liquor establishment at the "00" Saloon on First street in the City of Las Vegas,
for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and the City Clerk be
and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Ed. Van upon the payment to him of the sum
required for said retail liquor establishment license. The Vote upon said resolution was as
follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor

the Mayor W. E. HawKins, aye.
Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Lon Grosbeck to
conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Northern Hotel on Freemont Street in the City
of Las Vegas for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and that
the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Lon Grosbeck upon the
payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. The vote
upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye,
Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Griffith, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Peccetto & Gragalia
to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the union Hotel on Main Street in the City of Las
Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and that the
City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Peccetto & Gragalia upon
the payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. The
vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye,
Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the following



resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Hotel Nevada Mining Company 

John F. Miller, Mgr. to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Nevada Hotel corner of Main and Freemont
Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending Dec-
ember 31st, 1914, and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to



said Hotel Nevada Mining Company John F. Miller, upon the payment to him of the sum required for said 

retail liquor establishment license. The Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye,
Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. HawKins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to John W. Horden to
conduct a retail liquor establishment at The Las Vegas Hotel on Freemont Street in the City
of Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and that
the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said John W. Horden upon the
payment of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. The vote upon said
resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye,
and his honor the Mayor W. E. HawKins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Merit Pollard to
conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Overland Hotel on the corner of Main and Fremont
Streets in the City of Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December
31st, 1914, and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said
Merit Pollard upon the payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establish-
ment license. The vote upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye,
Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Carl Wasserbach
to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Star Saloon on First Street in the City of
Las Vegas for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and that the
City ClerK be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Carl Wasserbach upon the
payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. The vote
upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye,

Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. HawKins, aye.
Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following
resolution was made: Whereas the application of John Weber and Tony Andrino for a retail liquor
establishment and a permit for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31, 1914,
are in the opinion of the Board not proper persons to carry on a retail liquor business in the
City of Las Vegas, as mentioned in the ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, NOW THEREFORE,
be it resolved that the application of the said John Weber and Tony Andrino for a permit to con-
duct a retail liquor establishment in said City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby denied,
by the Board for the reasons hereinbefore set forth. The vote on said resolution being as
follows: Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, no, Sullivan, no, and his honor
the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, no. Whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Com-
missioner Smith the following resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby
granted to John Weber and Tony Andrino to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Turf
Saloon on First Street, in the City of Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, add
ending December 31st, 1914, and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a
license to said John Weber and Tony Andrino upon the payment to him of the sum required for
said retail liquor establishment license. The vote upon said resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Griffith, no, Curtiss, no, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved, that permission is hereby granted to Daniel Hickey
to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Lincoln Hotel on Main Street in the City of
Las Vegas for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31st, 1914, and that
the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Daniel Hickey upon the
payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. The vote
upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith, no, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye,
Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved, that permission is hereby granted to Ed. W. Clark
Forwarding Company to conduct a wholesale liquor establishment at Warehouse on corner of
Clark and Main Streets in the City of Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and
ending December 31, 1914 and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license
to said Ed. W. Clark Forwarding Company upon the payment to him of the sum required for said
wholesale liquor establishment license. The vote upon said resolution was as follows: Com-
missioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to The Los Angeles
Brewing Company to conduct a wholesale liquor establishment at Main Street near Clark, in
the city of Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914, and ending December 31, 1914,
and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said The Los Angeles
Brewing Company upon the payment to him of the sum required for said wholesale liquor estab-
lishment license. The vote upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioner Griffith, aye,
Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Upon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Wharton Drug Com-
pany to conduct a retail druggists liquor establishment at the W. R. Thomas Block corner of
First and Fremont Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, for the year beginning January 1, 1914,
and ending December 31st, 1914, and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue
a license to said Wharton Drug Company upon the payment to him of the sum required for said
retail druggists liquor establishment license. The vote upon said resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W. E. Hawkins, aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board proposed ordinance Number 50 for second read-
ing, entitled "An ordinance to amend Section nine (9) of ordinance Number 33 of the City of
Las Vegas" "An ordinance regulating the distribution of intoxicating liquors, and regulating
Places where such liquors are sold, or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses
and repealing ordinance Number 3, and all ordinances, or parts of ordinances in conflict there-
with." Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the charge for retail liquor license as set forth in proposed ordinance Number 50 of the
City of Las Vegas and now under consideration upon its final reading be amended and changed from
One hundred and fifty dollars per quarter, as set forth in the second paragraph of Section 9
and between lines 15 and 17 on the first page of the draft of said ordinance Number 50, so that
the charge for retail liquor license shall be One Hundred Dollars per quarter, and that the
City Clerk shall upon the passage of this motion make such amendment upon the draft of said
ordinance by interlineation. The vote upon such motion was as follows: Commissioners Griffith,
aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Noes, none.

Whereupon after making such change the clerk read for final reading proposed ordinance
number 50 as amended, as appears more fully in Book 1 or ordinances of the city of Las Vegas,
under ordinance Number 50. The vote upon said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Griffith,
aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins, aye.

Noes, none.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Smith presented to the Board request that the salary
of the Night Marshall be raised from $115.00 per month to $125.00 per to take effect January 1st.
A.D. 1914. Upon motion of Commissioners Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Smith it was duly
carried and ordered that said raise in salary be granted same to take effect January 1st, A.D. 1914.

the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, Smith, Sullivan, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes. None.

The question of changing the meeting time of the Board of City Commissioners in and for

the City of Las Vegas coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and

seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered the meeting time for said Board be

changed from the first Wednesday at eight o'clocK P.M. in each month to the first Wednesday in each month
at ten o'clocK A.M. of said day, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Comm-
issioners Griffith, aye, Curtis, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

The Board then tooK up the matter of the building sidewalks on certain streets in accordance
with petition filed with and presented to the Board. Street Commissioner Griffith reported
to the Board the estimate of the expenses of building such sidewalks, which report was ordered
to be filed with the Clerk of the Board. upon motion of commissioner Curtiss seconded by Commissioner 

Smith it was Resolved that the plats and digrams of the proposed sidewalk improvements as
are attached to each of said petitions be and the same are hereby adopted by the Board as the
plat and digram of the work and of the locality to be improved, and that such plats and diagrams
be filed with the City Clerk. for public examination, the vote on said resolution was as
Follows Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith and Sullivan voting aye, and his honor the Mayor
Voting aye,. Noes none.	The City Attorney exhibited to the Board a form of notice of intention
and of the location of the proposed improvements for each of the Districts. Upon motion of
Commissioner smith seconded by Commissioner Griffith the following resolution was duly adopted
" Resolved that the Mayor and the City Clerk, be and they hereby are authorized and directed to
execute the notices in the form prepared and presented by the City Attorney for the proposed
sidewalk improvements on the East side of First Street, on the East side of Second street on the
North side of Fremont street and on the south side of Fremont Street. such notices containing
notice of the intention to make such improvements, location of the improvement the portion of such
work to be paid by special assessment, and description of the district to bo assessed and that
the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby authorized and directed to cause each of said notices
to be published for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Age, a newspaper published in said City
of Las Vegas , and to post copies of each of said notices as required by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas; that each of said notices specify that this Board will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the respective proposed
improvements at the regular meeting of this Beard te be held at the office of the City Clerk on
Wednesday the 7th, day of January, 1914; and further, that each of said notices specify that
said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of ground fronting on the side of
each respective street on which such proposed work is to be placed and abutting on such proposed
improvements, and shall be collected by special assessment and snail be assessed upon the taxable
lots and premises abutting on such improvements in proportion te their number of feet frontage
that the cost and expense of each of said proposed improvements snail include the cost of surveys,
Plans, assessments, cost of construction and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in the
work of making such special assessment; that in case the amount of any special assessment upon
any let or premises shall exceed twenty per cent of the values of such lot or premises as shewn
upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County Taxation, such cost exceeding said
twenty per cent, shall be paid from the general funds of the City. That the location of the
proposed improvement be as shewn upon the respective plats and diagrams filed with said Board
and as set forth in the draft of said notices and that the assessment district be as shown
upon said plats and diagrams and in the draft of said notices, provided, however, that said
notices snail specify that lets 15 and 16 in block 14 shall be excepted from the assessment
district and from the description of the location of the proposed improvement on the Eastside
of First Street; that lets 1, 2, & 3, in block 22 bo excepted from the assessment district and
from the description of the location of the proposed improvement on the East side of second
Street; that let 6 in Block 19 be excepted from the assessment district and from the description
of the location of the proposed improvement on the south aide of Fremont Street; each of such
excepted lots and areas being where sidewalks have already been constructed; that the Clerk make
and return at the next meeting, or cause to be made, proof of such publication and posting.
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, Smith
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. nones none.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 7th, 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, held on the 7th, day of January A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with members

Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, smith, and P.J. Sullivan being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved by the Board, All claims against the



City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as appears from claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time the Clerk

read before the Board the application of John Medine for a retail
liquor establishment for the year 1914. whereby upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded
by the Mayor it was moved that said application be granted as prayed for in said petition the
vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, smith No. Griffith
No. and his honor the Mayor voting aye. said vote being a tie said resolution was lost.

At this time a special committee of Ladles of the City of las Vegas Nevada Mrs W.B. Mundy
and Mrs I.C. Johnson appeared before the Board regarding a site for a Cemetery in said City and
reported progress in said matter and asked for further time when they be able to make a more
complete report to the Board which was granted.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance entitled :"An Ordinance prohibiting
dogs from running at large in the streets , alleys or public places of the City of Las Vegas
and Repaling Ordinance No. 19, entitled " An ordinance amending ordinance No. 12 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled, " An ordinance providing for the collection of a dog license or tax" and
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith. for the second reading Upon
motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner smith that said ordinance be assessed
as appears more fully in ordinance Book No. one of said City under ordinance No. 51 of said City
the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, No. Griffith aye, smith, aye, and his
honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of T.J. Connell for the position
as Night Marshall in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada , whereupon motion being duly made and
carried it was ordered that the same be placed on file.

At this time the Financial Commissioner J.B. Curtiss read before the Budget for the year 1914
for the second reading before the as follows towit:-

Las Vegas Nevada December 3rd, 1914.	

To the Hon. Mayor and City Commissioners:

Sirs:	As your Commissioner of Finance, I hereby submit for your approval, the yearly budget

for the forthcoming year: The amount of Licenses per month about $750.00; amount of money required
for running expenses as follows:

Sinking Fund	.06	$525.00

Sewer Bond Interest	Fund	28	2400.00

Street Fund	30	2625.00

General Fund	36	3150.00

On total assessed valuation of $875.000.00 Rate one dollar per hundred.

25% of licenses estimated at $2000.00 per quarter for salary fund.

20% of Licenses for sewer and light fund.

25% of license for police and fire fund.

10% for street fund.

20% for general fund.	Respectfully submitted. J.B. Curtiss.

Finance Commissioner.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith the above budget was adopted
by the following vote: Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the
Mayor voting aye.
At this time upon motion being duly made and carried the Board adjourned until 1:00 o'clock

P.M.

Board convened again at 1:00 o'clock P.M. present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and members
Curtiss, Griffith, and Smith. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board proofs of posting and publishing of Notice of
Intention of streets work on the fowling streets in said City, the East side of First street
East side side of second street, North side of Fremont street, and south side of Fremont as
appears more fully on file with the Clerk of this Board to which attention is hereby directed.

At this time the Mayor asked the Clerk of the Board if any objections to said proposed
street work has been filed as by law provided and being informed that none had been filed the
Clerk was then instructed to read said proposed Ordinances for said street work: Whereupon the
Clerk read an Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Providing for the Improvement of Fremont
Street by constructing Cement, Concrete Sidewalks on the North side of said street, and providing
for the payment therefor by special assessment, whereupon motion being duly made and carried
it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Providing for the Improvement of Fremont Street by
Constructing Cement, Concrete Sidewalks on the south Side of said street, and Providing for the
payment therefor by Special Assessment. was read for the first time before the Board and upon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second
reading before the Board at there regular meeting to be held in February. 1914.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of First Street by
constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the East side of said street, and providing for the
payment therefor by special assessment was read before the Board for the first time whereupon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading
before the Board at there regular meeting to be held on the first Wednesday in February 1914.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of second street by
constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the East side of said street, and providing for the
payment therefor by special assessment, was read before the Board for the first time and upon
upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over for the
second reading of the Board at there regular meeting to be held in February, 1914.

The question of advertising for bids for said proposed street work in said City of Las Vegas
Nevada coming on before the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the Clerk
and Mayor of said City are hereby authorized to advertise for said bids for said propose d sidewalk
work said bids to be filed with the Clerk of this Board not later than Wednesday the 4th, day
of February A.D. 1914. at ten o'clock A.M. of said day. and it was further ordered by said Board
that separate proposals or bids shall be made on each of the four above mentioned pieces of work

Said sidewalks and each of them shall	be constructed to the official line grade and width and

shall be constructed in accordance with and as provided in the specifications for sidewalks work
set forth in Ordinance No. 47 of the City of Las Vegas. The amount and extent of each of said

pieces of work shall be as 	shown on the plats and digrams thereof on file with said City Clerk

taken in connection with the notice of intention of said Board of doing said work heretofore
posted and published and also in connection with the ordinance ordering said work. The contract
for said work on each of said pieces will be let to the lowest responsible bidder in each case
The Board reserves the right to reject any and all bids a good and sufficient bond for the faithful
performance of the contract and to indemnify labors and material men in fifty per cent. of the
contract price will be required to be given by the contractor in each of such contracts. Contracts
shall provide that payments for work are to be made out of special assessment funds as heretofore
determined. Each of said contracts will provide that the Contractor shall receive fifty per cent
of the contract price upon the completion of each such contract, and the remainder of the contract
price within sixty days thereafter. Work to begin within thirty days after letting of contract
and completed rot later than ninety days thereafter. such contracts shall contain such further
conditions and provisions as the Board of City Commissioner may reasonable require. the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit : Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board at this time it was upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday January 14th, at
ten o'clock A.M. to take up and consider any and all business that may come before it.

	Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

January 14th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, held
pursuant to adjournment on the above mentioned date. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commiss-
ioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, and Sullivan.

At this time a committee of Ladies of the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board and
presented a petition to the Board protesting against the issuance of any more retail saloon licenses
in the City of Las Vegas Nevada and further requesting Shat said number be limited to ten saloons
whereupon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner smith it was ordered that
said petition be placed on file with the Clerk of this Board the vote on said motion was follows
towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith aye, Sullivan aye, and hi s honor the
Mayor voting aye.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith it was ordered by the

Board that the City be and is hereby instructed to prepare an ordinance and have the same ready

at the next regular meeting of the Board in February 1914. to limit the number of saloon license

in said City to ten or less, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner

Griffith, aye, Curtiss, No, smith aye, Sullivan, No, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.



At this time the Clerk informed the Board that he had three applications for permits for retail liquor
establishments in said City by the following named person towit. James and Miller for a permit
in the Nevada Hotel building on Fremont street, John Medine on first street in block 16. snips
and Davidson in block 16 in said City whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by
Commissioner Smith it was ordered that applications go over until the next regular

meeting of the Board. the vote being as follows towit:- Griffith, aye, Curtiss, no, Smith aye.
Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request from the San Pedro Los Angeles and
Salt Lake R.R. Co. asking for a permit to run a spur track down Bridger street from the Company
property on Main street to block 20 in said City for a period until July 1st, A.D. 1914. upon
motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by commissioner Smith it was ordered that permit
be granted and the City Attorney is hereby instructed to draw up said permit the same to be approved
by the City attorney, Mayor and City Clerk. the vote being as follows towit:- Griffith, aye,

Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan aye. and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

The question of the City procuring rights and and privileges over unplotted streets and alleys
in the said City coming on before the Board it was upon motion of commissioner Smith and seconded
by Curtiss ordered that the City attorney be and is hereby instructed to get said permission and

rights on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board at this time it was upon motion being duly
made and carried ordered that this Board adjourned

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 20th, A.D. 1914.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
by the Mayor of said City on the above mentioned date roll called and the following members answered
present, Commissioners Curtiss, Griffith, Smith, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor.

The Clerk then read the Call before the Board as follows towit:-

Call for special meeting.

To Harley A. Harmon. City Clerk.

I, Hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 20th day of January, 1914. at the hour of one
o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon matters touching and concerning Ordinance No.

33 of the City of Las Vegas and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances amendatory thereof or
supplemental thereto, and to consider violations of said ordinance or ordinances and to take such
action as may be necessary relative to such violations . And you are hereby directed to give
proper notices in writing to the members of the Board of City Commissioners and to each of them
and to make due return of such service. Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 19th, day of January,

1914.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk then reported to the Board that upon the receipt of said notice he then made personal
service of the following Notice upon each and every member of the Board of City Commissioners in
the following form towit:-	Notice of special meeting of Board.

"To E.E. Smith, P.J. Sullivan, J.B. Curtiss, E.W. Griffith, and W.E. Hawkins.

Your hereby notified, that pursuant to a call issued by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
there will be held at the office of the City Clerk a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners 

on Tuesday the 20th, day of January, 1914. at the hour of one o'clock P.M. of said
day to consider and act upon matters touching and concerning ordinance No. 33. of the City of
Las Vegas and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto.
and to consider violations of said ordinance or ordinances and to take such action as may be
necessary relative to such violations, And you are hereby notified and requested to be present
at said meeting. Dated at Las Vegas Nevada this 19th, day of January, 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of City of Las Vegas.

Due service of copy of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted this 19th, day of January, 1914.
W.E. Hawkins, E.W. Griffith, P.J. Sullivan, J.B. Curtiss, E.E. smith.

The ClerK then read before the Board his affidavit of service as follows towit:-

I Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed and qualified and acting City Clerk in and for the
City of Las Vegas Nevada do hereby certify that made personal service upon each of the said
Commissioners of the above entitled Notice as by law provided.

Witness my hand and seal of the city this 20th, day of January A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.
After general discussion upon the ordinance 33 for which said Board was called together it
was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.

Office of the City Clerk in and for Las Vegas, Nev.

February 4th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 4th, day of February A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with members
E.W. Griffith, John B. Curtiss, and P.J. Sullivan, Commissioner E.E. Smith being absent,

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as appears from Claim book on file
with the Clerk of this, Reports of officers read and approved as read.

The Claim of Elwell and Richards and John Fagan were rejected by the Board upon the grounds
that the same was not a legal charge against the City.

This being the time for the opening of bids on the proposed sidewalk in said City as per
Notice by contractors the Clerk then proceeded to open the following bids towit:-

RYBERG BROTHERS
of

Salt LaKe City, Utah.

District No. l,	per square foot. 13 cents.
District No. 2,	per square foot 13 cents
District No. 3,	per square foot 13 1/4 cents
District No. 4,	per square foot 13 1/4 cents.

A.W. Jurden
of

Las Vegas, Nevada.

H.H. Steinberg
of

Serria Madre California.



For proposed side walk work on First, Second, North side of Fremont and south side of Fremont street
also described in notice inviting proposals at 19 1/2 cents exclusively per square foot.

  Geo. Swadener
of

Las Vegas, Nevada.

J.A. Delameter
of

Las Vegas, Nevada.

#1, East side First street	per square foot 12 3/4 cents
#2, East side of second street	per square foot 12 3/4 cents
#3, North side of Fremont street	per square foot 13 cents
#4, South side of Fremont street	per square foot 13 cents.
Total work at rate of 12 1/3 cents per square foot.	

# No. l, East side of first street	per square foot 14 1/2 cents
#  2,East side of second street	per square foot 14 1/2 cents
#  3, North side of Fremont street	per square foot 15 cents
#  4, South side of Fremont street	per square foot 15 cents.

District No. 1,	per square foot 11 3/4 cents
District No. 2,	per square foot 11 3/4 cents
District No. 3,	per square foot 11 3/4 cents
District No. 4,	per square foot 11 3/4 cents.
P.L. Smith
of

Las Vegas, Nevada.

District No. l,	per square foot, 12 1/2 cents
District No. 2,	per square foot 12 1/2 cents
District No. 3,	per square foot 12 3/4 cents
District No. 4,	per square foot 13 cents

All four or total work at rate of 11,9/10 cents per square foot. Based on Municipal freight
on sand and gravel.

Campbell and Turner
of

Sacramento, California.

District No. 1,	$1,529.28 cents.
District No. 2,	$1,585.00
District No, 3.	$975.00
District No. 4,	$768.00

At this time upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the matter of bids
go over until 2 o'clock P.M. of this date.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an application for transfer of liquor license
of Daniel D. Hickey know as the Lincoln Hotel on Main street in said City to John B. Curtiss of
said City Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Griffith it was
ordered that said transfer be granted as provided by ordinance of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time Commissioner Curtiss requested that he be excused from voting upon said motion for
the reason that he was a member of the Board whereupon said permission was granted to him by the
Mayor and the Board, the vote on said motion and transfer of license was as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Curtiss not voting having been excused from voting.

At this time the Clerk before the Board an Ordinance To amend section 7 of Ordinance No. 33
entitled " An ordinance regulating to Distribution of Intoxicating liquors, and Regulating
places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and Licenses
and Repealing Ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith."
and introducing new sections therein. for the first time to the Board whereupon motionbeing
duly made and carried it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading of the
Board to be held on the first Wednesday in March 1914.

At this time upon motion by Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and
duly carried it was that this Board stand adjourned until 1:00 o'clock P.M. of this date. the vote
being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, No, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor
the Mayor voting aye.

Board convened again at one o'clock P.M. present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, & Sullivan present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time a committee of ladles of the City composed of Mrs W.B. Mundy, Mrs I.C. Johnson
and Mrs A. Long of said City appeared before the Board and made and report upon the cemetary question
as heretofore requested so to do by said Board, and informed the Board that they had an agreement
with the Railroad company or Salt Lake R.R. Co. for a plot of ten acres of land in and near the
Stewart ranch for cemetary purposes and requested the Board that they set aside a certain sum
of money for the improvement of the same, whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded
by Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered that the sum of $300.00 be set aside at this time for cemetary 

purposes said money to expended under the supervision of the Board of City Commissioners of
said City, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins aye.

At this time the Clerk informed the Board that there was four applications for liquor permits
in said City whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss that
all liquor application for permits be laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board the
being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. and his honor
the Mayor voting No. the vote being tie said motion was lest.

The Clerk then read before the Board the application of John Medina for an permit to conduction
a retail liquor establishment in block 16, in the place known as the Arcade Saloon whereupon the
following resolution was offered by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss
" Resolved that the application of John Medina for a retail liquor establishment permit at ground
floor premises on lot 11 in Block 16 in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in what is commonly known as
and called the " Redlight District" of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is, hereby denied
for the reason that Four Retail Liquor establishment permits have already been issued for Retail
liquor Establishments in said block 16 for the year 1914 and are now in force and effect, and,
upon careful consideration of the question, we believe that the public interest requires that no
additional Retail liquor establishment permits be granted for or at or in said block No. 16 for the
year 1914. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith aye,
Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor voting No.		

The Clerk then read before the Board the application of Alonzo Snipes and Fred Davidson
for a retail permit to conduct a liquor establishment in said City in block 16, in the place
commonly Knew as the "00" saloon whereupon the following resolution was offered by Commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss " Resolved , that the application of Alonzo snips
and Fred Davidson for a retail liquor establishment permit ar ground floor premises on lot no 9
in block 16 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in what is commonly known as and called the " Redlight
District" of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is , hereby denied for the reason that four
Retail liquor establishment permits have already been issued for retail liquor establishments
in said block 16 for the year 1914 and arc now in force and effect, and , upon careful consideration
of the question, we believe that the public interest requires that no additional Retail liquor
establishment permits be granted for or at or in said block No. 16 for the year 1914. the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No
and his honor the Mayor voting No.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application for retail liquor establishment
of John F. Miller and Al James for a permit to conduct a retail liquor establishement in said City
in what is commonly Know as the Nevada Hotel whereupon the following resolution was offered
by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss " Resolved, that the application
of John F. Miller and Al James for a retail liquor establishment permit at ground floor premises
on lots l-2-and 3 in block 3 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas be and the
same is , hereby denied for the reason that fourteen retail liquor establishment permit s have
already been issued for retail liquor establishments in said City of Las Vegas for the year 1914
and are now in force and effect some of which are near said location, and , upon careful consider-
ation of the question, we believe that the public interest requires that no additional Retail
liquor establishments permits be granted in this City, and particularly that none be granted
at the location named, for the year 1914. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit :-
Commissioners Griffith, aye Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor voting No.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of Marion Coen for a retail
liquor establishment in said City in the place commonly known as the Arcade saloon building in
block 16 Clark's Las Vegas Townsite whereupon Commissioner Griffith offered the following resolution
as seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, " Resolved that the application of Marion Coen for a retail
liquor establishment permit at ground floor premises on lots 10 and 11 in block No, 16 of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite in what is commonly known as and called the " Redlight district" of the City of
Las Vegas, be and the same is, hereby denied for the reason that four retail liquor establishments
permits have already been issued for retail liquor establishments in said Block 16 for the year
1914 and are new in force and effect, and, upon careful consideration of the question, we believe

that the public interest requires that no additional recall Retail liquor Establishments permits
be granted for or at or in said block 16 for the year 1914.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye
Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition from the Hotel Nevada Mining company
request the Board to place a temporary sidewalk in Fremont street from the alley to said Hotel
building, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said petition be
placed on file.

The ClerK also read before the Board a petition for a sidewalk on the North sidewalk of
Bridger street from main street to Fourth street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada whereupon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said petition be placed on file with
the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board " An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas provid-
ing for the improvement of First Street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the East
side of said street, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment. for the second
reading whereupon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly
carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance Book
Number one of said City under ordinance No. 52 of said City now on file with the Clerk of this
Board the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss
aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read before the Board " An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for
the improvement of second street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the Eastside of
said street, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment for the second reading
whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried
it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully on ordinance Book Number one
of said City under ordinance No. 53, now on file with the Clerk of this Board, the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The ClerK then read before the Board " An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for
the improvement of Fremont street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalks on the North side of
said street, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment for the second reading
whereupon motion of commissioner Sullivan and seconded by commissioner Curtiss, and duly carried
it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance Book one of said
City under ordinance No. 54 of said City now on file with the Clerk of this Board, the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan,
aye and, his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

The Clerk then read "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement
of Fremont street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalKs on the south side of said street
and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment for the second reading whereupon
motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it was
ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully under ordinance No. 55 in book one
of ordinance of aid City on file the Clerk of this Board, the vote on said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye.

The Clerk then read for the first reading "An ordinance creating a Board of Cemetery
Trustees, providing for the appointment of members thereof, defining their powers and duties
and other matters relating thereto. Whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered
that said ordinance go over for the second reading of the Board.

The next question considered by the Board was the rate for levying of taxes for the year 1914
and the fixing the rate therefor.
Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it

was ordered that the following resolution be adopted" Resolved that an Ad Valorm tax of one

dollar be and the same is hereby levied for the year 1914. upon each one hundred dollars worth

of taxable property situated and lying within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County

Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt by law from

taxation; such tax to be Known and used as " The City of Las Vegas tax for the year 1914,"

according to the provisions of section 51 of an Act of the state of Nevada, entitled " An Act

to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and

to authorize the establishment of a City Government therefor, and other matters relating thereto."

approved March 16th, 1911. Be it further resolved, that said tax rate of one dollar as above

mentioned and specified by levied in the amounts and for the purposes and special fund of the

City as follows towit:- Sinking fund six cents (6) sewer bond interest fund (28 cents) Street

fund (30 cents) General fund (36 cents) and that when collected the same be apportioned to said

special funds as provided and above specified.

The Board then took up the matter of the Bids on sidewalks as presented at the morning

session whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by commissioner Sullivan it was

ordered that this Board take an adjournment of this meeting until February 16th, at ten o'clock



A.M. to consider said bids and any matters that may come before said Board. the vote being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E.
Hawkins voting aye,

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

February 16th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 16th, day of February A.D. 1914 pursuant to adjournment Present Hon.

W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Members P.J. Sullivan, John B. Curtiss, and E.W. Griffith, E.E. Smith
Commissioner being absent.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for the letting of the contract
for street work as per Notice given and said bids having been opened at the regular meeting of
the Board but final decision having been postponed until this date, it was upon motion being
duly made by Commissioner Griffith seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and carried ordered that
the contract for building sidewalks in said City of Las Vegas Nevada as advertised for be granted
to Ja.A. Delameter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada his bid being the lowest bid upon his filing
a good and sufficient bond in the sum of two thousand Five hundred dollars to be approved by the
Board.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the City Attorney be and is



hereby instructed to have written contract drawn to be submitted to the Board for the faithful performance
of said work, At this time the Clerk read a protest from J.H. Ladd to the Board whereby the
said J.H. Ladd protest against the using of a certain highway through his property whereby upon
motion being duly made andncarrled it was ordered that the same be placed on file.
Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this Board stand
adjourned until Tuesday February 17th, A.D. 1914. at 1:00 o'clock P.M. to consider any and all
matter that may come before it.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Feb. 17, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 17th, day of February A.D. 1914. pursuant to adjournment Present Hon.

W.E. Hawkins, Mayor, E.W. Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan Commissioners. with the Clerk and City
Attorney.

At this time the City Attorney presented to the Board a draft of Contract with J.A. Delameter
for the building of sidewalks and also a draft of bond in the sum of twenty five hundred dollars
thereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered
that said contract be and the same is hereby approved and that the Mayor and City Clerk be
and they are hereby authorized to execute said contract on behalf of the City of Las Vegas

Be it further resolved that the proposed sureties M.C. Thomas Jr. J.S. Wisner and J.J.
Lefurgey be and the same are hereby accepted as sureties on said bond in the joint and several
penal sum of $2500.00 and that the said bond be filed with the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada and attached to said contract.

Thereupon the Contract was duly executed and filed together with the duly executed bond
attached thereto.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned.

Office of the City  Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

March 4th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 4th, day of March A.D. 1914 present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Comm-
issioners Sullivan, Griffith, and Curtiss, Commissioner E.E. Smith being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as appears from claim book on file with
the Clerk of this Board, Reports of officer read and approved as read.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an application of L.R. Skinner and J.D. Kramer
whereby the said J.D. Kramer agrees to transfer all of his right and title and interest in
a certain saloon license in said City situated in the Colorado Hotel to the said L.R. Skinner
as per ordinance No. 33 of the said City and it appearing to said Board of City Commissioners
that said L.R. Skinner is a fit and proper person to have granted to him said permit it is
upon the motion of Commissioner Curtiss and second by Commissioner Griffith ordered that said
transfer be granted as prayed in said application, the vote being as follows towit:- Commiss-
ioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, and Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.
At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of C.A. Haller of the firm

of Haller and Clinton requesting that a transfer of retail liquor license be granted to said

C.A. Haller whereby the said C.A. Haller is to take over all the right title and interest in

a certain retail liquor establishment conducted under the firm name of Haller and Clinton in

the building comply Know as the Oxford Hotel in said City of Las Vegas, whereupon it appearing

to the satisfaction of this Board that the said C.A. Haller is a fit and proper person to

conduct said retail liquor business it is upon motion being duly made Commissioner Griffith

and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said transfer of permit

be granted, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioner, Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye,

Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, aye,.

At this time the Clerk notified the Board that he had three application for retail liquor

permits as laid over from last meeting and an ordinance to amend ordinance No. 33 of the City



of Las Vegas, Nevada whereupon motion being duly made by Griffith and seconded by 



Sullivan and carried it was ordered that said applications and said ordinance be laid 

over until the next regular meeting of the Board : the vote
on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners, Griffith, aye. Curtiss, aye,

Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board An Ordinance Creating a Board of Cemetery
Trustees, providing for the appointment of members thereof, defining their powers and duties
and other matters relating thereto. for the second reading whereupon motion of Commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that said
be passed as appears more fully under ordinance No. 56 in book one of ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins aye.

The question of appointing Cemetery trustees for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming
on before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following

be appointed for their respective terms as follows:-

First year term

Mrs Helen J. Stewart, and Ellen J. Connelly.

second year term

Mrs Maude Long , Mrs Thresera Jane McGovern.

Third year term

Mrs Ida M. Johnson, Mrs Julia P. Mundy.

the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

In the matter of special assessments for sidewalk improvements for Districts No, 1,2, 3, 4, com-
ing on before the Board for review and the City Assessor having heretofore filed the Roll special
assessments on Districts No, 1,2, 3,4, on the 28th day of February 1914, upon motion of Commissioner 

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan it was ordered that the Clerk public Notice
of the same and that the Board and City Assessor will meet on the first day of April 1914, in
the office of the Board of City Commissioners to review said assessments at which time and place
opportunity will be given to all persons interest to be heard, the vote being as follows towit.
Commissioners, Griffith, Sullivan, Curtiss, and his honor the Mayor Voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by that Board that this Board stand
adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
April 1st, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, County of Clark, held on the 1st, day of April A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
Mayor, E.E. Griffith, J.B. Curtiss, and Commissioners Sullivan, Commissioner E.E. Smith being
absent minutes of the last regular and adjourned meetings read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read, all claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada
allowed as per claim book on filed with the Clerk of this Board.

At this G.A. Case Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas Nevada appeared before the
Board and asked for a leave of absence for a term of three or four weeks whereupon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that said request be granted and that the City Clerk
be and is hereby instructed to notify Justice of the peace H.M. Lillis to act in his stead
during the absence of the said Municipal Judge G.A. Case.

At this time the Ladles composed of the Cemetery Committee appeared before the Board and

made and verbal report of the Condition of the Cemetery matter and asked the Board for an



sum of $200.00 to be devoted to the Cemetery fund whereupon motion being duly made and carried it
was ordered that the sum of $200.00 be and the same is hereby transferred to the cemetery fund
out of the general fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of John Medine for a retail
liquor establishment in block 16 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada whereupon motion by Commiss-
ioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioners Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that said

application be denied upon the ground that their is a sufficient number of saloon licenses



issued for the year 1914 in said block 16 as has been so declared by this Board at an previous
meeting of said Board, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- commissioner
Griffith, aye, Commissioner, Curtiss, aye, Commissioner, Sullivan No., and his honor the
Mayor voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of Alonzo Snipes and Fred Davidson

for	a retail saloon license in block 16 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon motion

by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it was ordered
that said application be denied upon the grounds that their are a sufficient number of retail
saloon licenses issued for the year 1914 in said block as has been so declared by this Board at
an previous meeting of said Board, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of John F. Miller and Al James for

a retail liquor license on ground floor of the Nevada Hotel Mining Company's building corner

of Fremont and Main street in said City, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered that said application be denied upon the grounds that their are a sufficient number of
retail saloon licenses issued for the year 1914 in the City of Las Vegas Nevada. the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners, Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.



The Clerk then read a letter from J.H. Ladd of the City of Las Vegas Nevada requesting the
Board the pay for certain land that the City streets of the City of Las Vegas pass over at the
present time setting forth that the said City had failed compensate him for use of said street
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the Clerk of this Boar be and
is hereby instructed to write to said J.H. Ladd and ascertain his proposition in the matter.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition for a sidewalk on the East side
of First street between the street of Fremont to Stewart street in said City whereupon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that said petition be placed on file.

At this time the Clerk presented	to the Board a claim of the A.W. Jurden Lumber Company

against the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the sum of $9.35 whereupon motion of Commissioner

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that said claim
be rejected upon the grounds that said claim is not a legal charge against the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion	being duly made and	carried	it was	ordered that this Board stand adjourned until

1:00 o'clock P.M. of this date.

Board convened again at 1:00 o'clock P.M. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioner
Griffith, Curtiss, and Sullivan. the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board for the second reading "An Ordinance to amend
Section 7 of Ordinance No 33, entitled " An Ordinance Regulating the Distribution of Intoxicating
Liquors, and regulating places where such liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for
permits and licenses, and repealing Ordinance No, 3, and all ordinances or parts of Ordinances
in conflict therewith," and introducing a new section therein. whereupon motion of commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss it was ordered that said ordinance be amended to read
as follows towit:- by inserting the following words " Or assignment as by ordinance provided."
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye.
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clark then proceeded to read said ordinance as amended for the second reading and final
passage whereupon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly
carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully in ordinance book No.
one of the City of Las Vegas Nevada under ordinance No, 57 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this Board stand
adjourned until Thursday evening at seven o'clock P.M. April 2nd . 1914.

Las Vegas, Nevada, Office or the City Clerk.

April 2nd A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas.
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. HawKins Mayor, Commissioners Griffith,
Curtiss, and Sullivan. Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan
and duly carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Friday evening at 7 o'clock
P.M. April 3rd, 1914. to take up any and all matters that might come before it the vote being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. HawKins voting aye.

Office of the city Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 3rd, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 3rd, day of April 1914. at seven o'clock P.M. held pursuant to adjournment
present Hon. W.E. HawKins Mayor. and Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, and Sullivan.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a communication from the A.W. Jurden Lumber Co.
relative to side walk work in the city of Las Vegas, Nevada whereupon motion of commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that said communication 

be rejected, the vote being as follows towit:- Sullivan, aye, Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye. and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Matter of the review of special assessments for sidewalks in District Nos 1,2,3; and 4
having been duly noticed, as shown by proofs of publication presented to the Board and filed in the
Clerk's office, for hearing on Wednesday April 1, 1914, and said matter having at the meeting of
this Board on April 1, 1914 having been deferred until the adjournment thereof on April 2, 1914
at seven o'clock P.M. and said matter having further at the adjourned meeting of April 2, 1914 been
further deferred until this meeting, the same being a further adjournment of the regular monthly
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners; and now on this 3rd day of April, 1914 at the hour of
seven o'clock P.M., at the time to which said meeting was adjourned, a quorum of the Board of City
Commissioners, being present as follows: commissioners: Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan, His honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins, and the City Assessor Stephen R. Whitehead being present with the Board, the
said Board and Assessor proceeded to review the assessments in each of said districts and
to hear objections to said assessments and to decide upon the same, no written objections having
been filed with the Clerk of this Board . Thereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded
by Commissioner Curtiss, the following resolution was duly adopted. Whereas, it appears to this
Board upon a review of the assessments made in District No, 1 for the East side of First Street,
as they appear upon the special assessment roll for said District filed by the Assessor in the
office of the City Clerk February 23, 1914 and numbered "one", that such assessments will result 
in the production of a fund greatly in excess of the final estimates and greatly in excess of the 
cost of the improvement so far as the same is to be paid under special assessment proceeding and
further that the the assessment on each lot is greatly in excess of the amount required to be
levied in order to raise the necessary fund required for the expense of such improvement; that
the fund so raised, taKen in connection with the excess to be paid by the City, would amount to
$2760 and would constitute an assessment as shown on said roll of $21.36 and a fraction of a cent
on each lot, except in such cases where lots are assessable only for the portion of such sum of
$21.36 as does not exceed twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation as provided by charter. And
whereas, it appears to this Board that the total cost of the improvement in said District No, 1,
created under the special assessment proceedings, and payable by special assessment and out of
general funds of the City in cases of insufficient assessed valuation of lots to meet pro rata
proportions of the cost, is and the items thereof are declared to be as follows:

12250 sq. ft. of sidewalk worK at an agreed price of 11 3/4 cts. per square ft._____________________________________________________________________$1439.37

Inspectors fees	37.00

Publication costs for	notices and	ordinances	44.45

Making	total cost of	$1520.32

That such cost Is to be distributed to 88 lots of the frontage of 25 ft. each abutting
on such improvement, and that the pro rata part to each lot, except in eases where the excess would
amount to more than twenty per cent. of the assessed value of any lot ( as by charter provided), 
would be $17.23 per lot. And, whereas, it appears proper to this Board, in order to avoid a disproportionately 

excessive assessment on each lot in said district, that said assessment roll be and
the same is hereby ordered to be corrected by the ClerK of this Board on behalf of the Board, so
that the same will show a levy upon each lot in said district No, 1, of the sum of 17.23, except
as to those lots where said sum would exceed twenty percent. of the assessed valuation of such

lots as shown upon the patest tax list or assessment roll for state and County taxation, and in
such last mentioned instance the roll shall show a levy upon each such lot of an amount equal to
twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation of such lot aforesaid, and the balance of the $17.28 as
shall be in excess of such twenty per cent. valuation as aforesaid shall be charged to the
City of Las Vegas and paid from the general funds of the City, and the distribution to each such lot
and to the City of Las Vegas shall be indicated upon said assessment roll; that when so corrected said
roll as corrected shall presented by the said Clerk to this Board for its approval. the vote upon said
resolution be as follows: Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

Thereupon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the follow-
ing resolution was duly adopted. Whereas, it appears to this Board upon a review of the assessment
made in District No, 2, for the East side of second street , as they appear upon the special assess-
ment roll for said District filed by the Assessor in the office of the City Clerk February 28, 1914.
and numbered "Two", that such assessment will result in the production of a fund greatly in excess of
the final estimates and greatly in excess of the cost of the improvements so far as the same is to be
paid under special assessment proceeding and further that the assessment on each lot is greatly in
excess of the amount required to be levied in order to raise the necessary fund required for the
expense of such improvement; that the fund so raised, taken in connection with the excess to be
paid by the City, would amount to $2760,00 and would constitute an assessment as shown on said roll
of $21.36 and a fraction of a cent on each lot, except in such cases where lots are assessable only
for the portion of such sum of #21.36 as does not exceed twenty per cent. of their assessed valuat-
ion as provided by charter. And whereas, it appears to this Board that the total cost of the impr-
ovement in said District NO, 2, created under the special assessment proceedings, and payable by
special assessment and out of general funds of the City in cases of insufficient assessed valuation
of lota to meet pro rata proportions of the cost, is estimated to be and the items thereof are
declared to be now estimated as follows:

12175 square ft. of sidewalk work at an agreed price of 11 3/4 cts. per square ft.	$1430.56

Advertising notices and ordinances	45.95

Estimated Inspectors fees	37.00

Maxing a total	$1513.51

That the total amount of the linear feet frontage of lots fronting and abutting on said improvement
as liable to assessment is Two Thousand three hundred and (2305 linear feet. That such cost of
$1513.51 is to be distributed to said Two thousand Three hundred and five linear feet of
frontage, maxing the amount of $.6566 to be raised on each linear foot of such frontage, or an amount
of #16.415 to be raised on each twenty five foot lot frontage on second street and abutting on the
improvement. That lot No. 1, in block 19 assessed to W.R. Thomas is directed to be assessed on one
hundred and thirty feet frontage on second street instead of 25 ft. of frontage as in said roll set
forth. and such correction is hereby ordered to be made. And whereas, it appears proper to this
Board, in order to avoid a disproportionately excess assessment on each lot is said district, and
that said assessment roll be and the same is hereby ordered to be corrected by the Clerk of this
Board on behalf of this Board, so that the same will show a levy at the rate of $.6566, amounting
to $16.415 on each lot in said District No, 2, except zs to those lots where said sum would exceed
twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation of such lots as shown upon the latest tax list or asse-
ssment roll for state and County taxation, and in such last mentioned instance the roll shall show



a levy upon each such lot of an amount equal to twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation of such lot
as aforesaid of the $16.415 as shall be in excess of such twenty per cent valuation as aforesaid
shall be charged to the City of Las Vegas and paid from the general funds of the City, and the
distribution to each such lot to the City of las Vegas shall be indicated upon such assessment
roll; that said roll shall be corrected by the Clerk aforesaid as to the assessment on lot one (1)

in block 19 (19) above mentioned, so that the same shall show and assessment at the rate of $.6566.
per foot of the 130 feet of frontage on Second street, amounting to $85.35 on said lot under

assessment in District No, 2, that said roll shall be corrected by the Clerk as aforesaid as to the
the assessment on block No. 20 Twenty, so that the same shall be assessed on the four hundred feet

of frontage on Second street at the rate of $.6566 per foot of frontage, amounting to $262.64.



That when corrected as hereby directed said rolls corrected shall be presented by the said Clerk to
this Board for its approval. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, Curtiss, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Thereupon, motion of Commissioner Sullivan and a seconded by Commissioner Griffith, the
following resolution was duly adopted. Whereas, it appears to this Board upon a review of the
assessment made in District No, 3, for the south side of Fremont Street, as they appear upon the
special assessment roll for said District filed by the Assessor in the office of the City Clerk
February 28, 1914 and numbered " Three", that such assessment will result in the production of a
fund greatly in excess of the final estimates and greatly in excess of the cost of the improvement
so far as the same is to be paid under special assessment proceeding and further that the assess-
ment on each lot is greatly in excess of the amount required to be levied in order to raise
the necessary fund required for the expense of such improvement; that the fund so raised, taken
in connection with the excess to be paid by the City, would amount to $2403, 00 and would
constitute and assessment of $68.66 on each lot as shown on said roll, except in such case* where
lots are assessable only for the portion of such sum of $68.66 as does not exceed twenty per cent.
of their assessed valuation as provided by charter.	And whereas, it appears to this Board

that the total cost of the improvement in said District No, 3, created under special assessment
proceedings, and payable by special assessment and out of general funds of the City in cases of
insufficient assessed valuation of lots to meet pro rata proportions of the cost, is estimated
to be, and the items thereof are declared to be now estimated as follows:

5750 sq.ft. of sidewalk work at an agreed price of 11 3/4 cts per square ft.	$675.62

Advertising ordinances and notices	44.45

Estimated cost of Inspector	25.00

Making a total estimate of	$755.07

That such cost is to be distributed to 35 lots of the frontage of 25 ft. each abutting
on such improvement, and that the pro rara part to each lot, except in cases where the excess would
amount to more than twenty per cent. of the assessed value of any lot (as by charter provided),
would be $21.28 per lot. And whereas, it appears proper to this Board, in order to avoid a disp-
roportionately excessive assessment on each lot in said district, that said assessment roll be
and the same is hereby ordered to be corrected by the Clerk of this Board on behalf of this Board
so that the same will show a levy upon each lot in said District No, 3, of the sum of $21.28
except as to those lots where said sum would exceed twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation
of such lots as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation,
and in such last mentioned instance the roll shall show a levy upon each such lot of an amount
equal to twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation of such lot as aforesaid, and the balance of
the $21.28 as shall be in excess of such twenty per cent. valuation as aforesaid shall be charged to
the City of Las Vegas and paid from the general funds of the City, and the distribution to each
such lot and to the City of Las Vegas shall be indicated upon said assessment roll; that when so
corrected said roll as corrected shall be presented by said Clerk to this Board for its approval.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan ays, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the following
resolution was duly adopted. Whereas, it appears to this Board upon a review of the assessment
made in District No, 4, for the North Side of Fremont street, as they appear upon the special
Assessment roll for said District filed by the assessor in the office of the City Clerk February
28, 1914 and numbered " four", that such assessment will result in the production of a fund greatly
in excess of the final estimates and greatly in excess of the cost of the improvement so far as the
same is to be paid under special assessment proceeding and further that the assessment on each lot
is greatly in excess of the amount required to be levied in order to raise the necessary fund required

for the expense of such improvements that the fund so raised, taken in connection with the excess
to be paid by the City, would amount to $2643.00 and would constitute an assessment of $66.07 1/2 on
each lot as shown on said roll, except in such cases where lots are assessable only for the portion
of such sum of $66.07 1/2 as does not exceed twenty per cent of their assessed valuation as provided
by charter. And whereas, it appears to this Board that the total cost of the improvement in said
District No, 4, created under special assessment proceedings, and payable by special assessment and
out of the general funds of the City in cases of insufficient assessed valuation of lots to meet
pro rata proportions of the cost, is estimated to be, and the items thereof arc declared to be now
estimated to be as follows:

7750 sq. ft. of sidewalk work at an agreed price of 11 3/4 cts. per sq. ft.	$910.62

Advertising ordinances and notices	44.45

Estimated cost of Inspector	25.00

Making a total estimate of	$980.07

That such cost is to be distributed to forty (40) lots of the frontage of 25 ft. each abutting
on such improvement, and that the pro rata part to each lot, except in cases where the excess would
amount to more than twenty per cent. of the assessed value of any lot (as by charter provided),
would be $24.50 per lot. And whereas, it appears proper to this Board, in order to avoid a dispropo-
rtionately excessive assessment on each lot in said district, that said assessment roll be and the
same is hereby ordered to be corrected by the Clerk on behalf of this Board, so that the same will
show a levy upon each lot in said District No 4, of the sum of $24.50, except as to those lots where
said sum would exceed twenty per cent. of the assessed valuation of such lots as shown upon the

latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, and in such last mentioned instances



the roll shall show a levy upon each such lot of an amount equal to twenty percent. of the assessed
valuation of such lot as aforesaid, and the balance of the $24.50 as shall be in excess of such
twenty per cent. valuation as aforesaid shall be charged to the City of Las Vegas and paid from
the general funds of the City, and the distribution to each such lot and to the City of Las Vegas
shall be indicated upon said assessment roll: that when so corrected said roll as corrected shall
be presented by said Clerk to this Board for its approval. the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the question of gravel for City streets coming on before the Board it was
upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan that the City of Las
Vegas Nevada hire a man to check up all gravel going on the streets of said City, the vote being as
follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, NO, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting
No, said motion being lost vote being tie.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan it was ordered that
this Board stand adjourned until Saturday April 4th, at eight o'clock P.M. the vote being as follows
Commissioner, Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

April, 4th, 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment
present all members of the Board except E.E. Smith, with the ClerK and City Attorney.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the assessment Roll for District No, 1 for sidewalks on
East side of First Street as corrected under resolution of April 3rd, 1914.

whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following
resolution was adopted. Be it Resolved, that the special assessment roll for District No, 1, for
sidewalks on East side of First Street, filed in the office of the City Clerk February 28, 1914 and
as corrected by the City Clerk under resolution of April 3, 1914 passed by this Board, be and the same
is hereby approved and confirmed by this Board as corrected and the same is hereby declared to be
final and conclusive as the special assessment for sidewalk purposes in said District No, 1, and
as special Assessment Roll No, 1, and shall from the date of its approval the assessment therein
set forth shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land therein. assessed.

Be it further resolved, that the special assessments contained in said Roll No, 1, for said
District No, 1, be and the same are hereby declared to be due and payable immediately; and the
Clerk of this Board is directed to endorse said roll as provided in Sec. 68 of the City Charter and to
immediately transmit the same to the City Treasurer.

Be it further resolved that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby directed to make immediate
demand for the payment of said special assessment and to collect the same and place the funds so
collected in a special fund for Special Assessment District No, 1, the vote on said resolution
being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the
Mayor voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the Assessment Roll for District No, 2, for sidewalks on
East dice of second street as corrected under resolution of April 3rd, 1914. whereupon motion of
Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it was Resolved , that
the special assessment roll for District NO, 2, for sidewalks on the East side of second street filed
in the office of the City Clerk February 28, 1914. and as corrected by the City Clark under resolution
of April 3rd, 1914 passed by this Board, be and the same is here by approved and confirmed by this
Board as corrected and the same is hereby declared to be final and conclusive as the special assess-
ment for sidewalk purposes in said District No, 2, and as special Assessment Roll No, 2, and shall
from the date of its approval the assessments therein set forth shall constitute a lien upon the
respective lots and parcels of land therein assessed. Be it Further Resolved, that the special
assessments contained in said Roll No, 2, for said District No, 2, be and the same are hereby
declared; to be due and payable immediately; and the Clerk of this Board is directed to endorse said roll
as provided in Sec. 68 of the City Charter and to immediately transmit the same to the City Treasurer.

Be it Further Resolved that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby directed to make immediate
demand for the payment of said special assessment and to collect the same and place the fund so
collected in a special fund for Special Assessment District, NO, 2, the vote on said regulation
be as follows Commissioners Sullivan aye, Curtis, aye, Griffith aye, and his honor the Mayor voting
aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the Assessment Roll for District No, 3, for sidewalks on
South Side of Fremont street as corrected under resolution of April 3rd, 1914. upon motion of
Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that
that the special assessment roll for District No, 3, for sidewalKs on South Side of Fremont street
filed in the office of the City Clerk February 28th, 1914, and as corrected by the City Clerk under
resolution of April 3, 1914. passed by this Board, be and the same is hereby approved and confirmed
by this Board as corrected and the same is hereby declared to be final and conclusive as the
special assessment for sidewalk purposes in said District No, 3, and as Special Assessment Roll, No,

3, and shall from the date of its approval the assessment therein set forth shall constitute a lien
upon the respective lots and parcels of land therein assessed. Be it Further Resolved that
the special assessment contained in said Roll No, 3, for said District No, 3, be and the same are
hereby declared to be due and payable immediately; and the ClerK of this Board is directed to endorse
said roll as provided in Sec. 68 of the City Charter and to immediately transmit the same to the
City Treasurer. Be It further Resolved that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby directed to maKe
immediate demand for the payment of said special assessment and to collect the same and place the
funds so collected in a special fund for Special Assessment District No, 3.	

The Clerk then presented to the Board the Assessment Roll for District No, 4, for sidewalks on
on the North side of Fremont street as corrected under resolution of April 3rd, 1914. whereupon
motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan the following resolution
was adopted, Be it Resolved, that the special assessment roll for District No, 4, for sidewalks on
the North side of Fremont street, filed in the office of the City Clerk February 28, 1914 and as
corrected by the City Clerk under resolution of April 3, 1914 passed by this Board, be and the
same is hereby approved and confirmed by this Board as corrected and the same is hereby declared
to be final and conclusive as the special assessment for sidewalk purposes in said District No, 4,
and as special Assessment Roll No, 4, and shall from the date of its approval the assessments

therein set forth shall constitute a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land therein

assessed. Be it further Resolved, that the special assessments contained in said Roll No, 4,	

for said District No, 4, be and the same are hereby declared to be due and payable immediately
and the Clerk of this Board is directed to endorse said roll as provided in sec. 68 of the City
Charter and to immediately transmit the same to the City Treasurer. Be it further resolved that
the City Treasurer be and he is hereby directed to make immediate demand for the payment of said
special assessments and to collect the same and place the funds so collected in a special fund
for special assessment District No, 4,.

At this time Contractor J.A. Delameter presented to the Board a claim for Intersections
on second streets and first street and upon motion being duly made and carried by Commissioner

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan it was ordered that the same be paid out of the

street fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until 
April 13th, at 7 o'clock P.M. of said day to take up any and all matters.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 23rd, A.D. 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 23rd, day of April A.D. 1914. held pursuant to adjournment present
Hon. Mayor W.E. Hawkins and Commissioners with the exception of E.E. Smith, with the Clerk and
City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the Claim of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
against the Salt Lake R.R. Co, for street work between Main street and the Salt Lake Depot for

the sum of $410.00 as returned to said City by said Company with instruction that the same should

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada,.

April 13th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the said City of Las Vegas
Nevada held on the 13th, day of April A.D. 1914 pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
and all members of the Board except E.E. Smith, with the Clerk and City Attorney present.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
April 23rd. A.D. 1914.
should not exceed the sum of $260.00 whereupon motion being duly made and carried it ordered by the
Board that the Clerk be and is hereby instructed to correct said claim so as the same will read
$260.00 and return the same to the S.P.L.A.&.S.L.R.R.Co. for collection, the vote upon said resolu-
tion being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor
the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition from the Hotel Nevada Mining Company
for a permit to construct a pole line in and across certain streets and alleys in the City of Las
Vegas Nevada to the City limits of said City, commending at the rear of the Nevada Hotel and traveling
through the alley between first street and Main street of said City, where upon motion being duly
made and carried it was ordered that that said permit be granted upon an agreement being signed
by said Company between the City of Las Vegas Nevada and said Hotel Nevada Mining Company where by
the City of Las Vegas Nevada, is relieved from any and all liabilities, and the City Attorney is
instructed to prepare the necessary papers to be approved by the Board at its next regular meeting
to be held in May 1914.

The Clerk then read before the Board a petition from Chas E. Siegmond for permission to
construct a high Board fence for moving picture purposes on Fremont street next to petty's Jewlery
store in said City whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the same be
placed on file with this Board.

At this time Mr E.W. Griffith Street Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas Nevada made the

following written report " To the Board of City commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Gentlemen:- I respec-
tfully report to the Board that I have examined the sidewalk work on the East side of First Street
constructed by J.A. Delameter and find the same is completed satisfactorily according to his contract
and the same is accepted by me. Amount of worK 12250 sq. ft. at 11 3/4 cents per square foot. E.W.

Griffith Commissioner of street and public property.

He further made the following written report to the Board I respectfully report to the Board
that I have examined the sidewalk work on the East side of Second street Constructed by J.A. Delameter
and find that same is completed satisfactory according to his contract and the same is accepted by -
me. Amount of work 12175 sq ft. at 11 3/4 cts per sq. ft. E.W. Griffith, Comm. of street and property.

He further reported as follows:- I respectfully report to the Board that I have examined
the sidewalk worK on the south side of Fremont street constructed by J.A. Delameter and find that same
is completed satisfactorily according to his contract and the same is accepted by me, Amount of worK
5750 sq. ft. at 11 3/4 cents per sq. ft. E.W. Griffith, Comm. of Street and Public property.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it
ordered that the above reports as reported by the Commissioner of Streets and property relating to
the above mentioned sidewalks, the East side of First street, second side of second street, and the
South side of Fremont street be and the same is hereby accepted, and approved, the vote being as
follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor.

W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time J.A. Delameter presented to the Board a claim for intersection of second street and
Fremont street before the Board whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Comm-
Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that the same be allowed and paid by the City of Las Vegas
Nevada the same to be paid out of the street fund of the City. the vote on said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye. upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand
adjourned until Friday April 24th, at 1 o'clock P.M., to take up any and all matters.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 24th, 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the above mentioned date
held pursuant to adjournment present all members of the Board with the exception of E.E. Smith
with the Clerk and City Attorney.

The question of paying J.A. Delameter fifty per cent of contract price for work on side walks
on the East side of First side of First street coming on before the Board and the motion for paying
said money not receiving a second said second was lost.

At this time the Commissioner of street reported to the Board that the American Light and
water Company who put in the sewer in said City and owned a half interest in a certain Air compressor
was willing to pay the City of Las Vegas Nevada the sum of $200.00 as their share for said compressor
and the Board finding as a fact that the sum of $200.00 is a reasonable price for said compressor it
was upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss ordered that said
Compressor be deposed of for the aforesaid price so far as the City of Las Vegas Nevada is concerned.
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye,
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that that this Board stand adjourned. until the next regular meeting of the Board in May.

Office of the City ClerK Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 6th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 6th, day of May A.D. 1914. present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, and Sullivan.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and special meetings read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
ClerK of this Board except the claims of Earnest LaKe, for the sum of 10.50 Wm O'Brien in the sum
of $4.50 Wwen Halpin, in the sum of $18.00 and W.J. Stewart in the sum of $20.00 which were ordered
laid over until the same were approved and O.K. by the Cemetery Committee.

Reports of officers read and approved and read before the Board.

At this time the City Attorney presented to the Board the permit granting to the Hotel Nevada
Mining Company permission to construct a pole line from the rear of the said Hotel to the City limits
in said City, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said permit be laid
over until the next meeting of the Board.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned. until
1:30 P.M. of this date.

Board convened again at 1:30 P.M. present all members of the Board with the exception of E.E.
smith, At this time the Commissioner of Streets and Public property presented to the Board the
following towit:- " To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada. Gentlemen
I respectfully report to the Board that I have examined the sidewalk worK on the North side of
Fremont constructed by J.A. Delameter and find that same is completed satisfactorily according to
his contract and the same is accepted by me. Amount of worK 7375 sq. ft. at 11 3/4 cts per sq. ft.

I further report that by the completion and acceptance of the worK in District No, 4, the

North side of Fremont street. I hereby declare that the said J.A. Delameter has fully completed all
work provided for in his contract with the City of Las Vegas of date the 17th, day of February, 1914.
and that all of the work provided thereunder has been accepted by me. E.W. Griffith.

Commissioner of streets and public

property.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried
it was ordered that said report be accepted. the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss, Griffith, Sullivan , aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

Upon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following resolution
 was duly adopted, Whereas, J.A. Delameter has filed with this Board a claim in the sum of
$1439.37 as compensation in full for the construction of the sidewalk on the East side of First
Street under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the 17th, day of February, 1914, and
Whereas, the said work has been accepted as completed by the Commissioner of Streets and public
Property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on file with this Board, and Whereas, there
is now due under the terms of the said contract to the said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent. on the
contract price, viz: $719.68, of which sum there is payable out of the general funds of the City
the sum of $100.80 as the aggregate amount to be borne by the city on those lots on First Street
whose assessed valuation would not pay the full pro rata of the cost of said improvement as shown
by the assessment roll for District NO, 1, the balance of $618.88 being payable out of the special
assessment funds for Assessment District No, 1, Now Therefore, Be it Resolved that the said claim
be and the same is hereby allowed to the extent of fifty per cent. thereof, viz: in the sum of
$719.68, and the same is hereby directed to be paid as follows: $100.80 out of the general fund
of the City of Las Vegas, and $618.88 out of the special funds for District No, 1, That such
payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as their interests appear, viz: $719.68 to the
First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, inc. as assigned of the said J.A. Delameter. That the balance
of said claim be presented to this Board within sixty days after the completion of said contract
of February 17, 1914 as by said contract provided. Be it further resolved that the said sum of
$1439.37 be and the same is hereby declared to be included as one of the items of the cost of
construction of said sidewalk, and that the balance of the items chargeable to the special assess-
ment account are declared to be as follows: Inspectors fees $37.00 Publication cost of notices and
Ordinances $44.45 making and aggregate cost of said improvement to be borne by special assessment
of $1520.82, less the excess of $100.80 above mentioned, to be paid out of general fund.
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss the following was
adopted by the Board, Whereas, J.A. Delameter has filed with this Board a claim in the sum of
$1430.56 as compensation in full for the construction of the sidewalk on the East side of second
Street under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the 17th day of February, 1914, and
Whereas the said work has been accepted as completed by the Commissioner of Streets and Public
property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on file with this Board, and Whereas there
is now due under the terms of the said contract to said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent, of the
contract price, viz: $715.28 , of which sum there is payable out of the general fund of the City
the sum of $96.60 as the aggregate amount to be borne by the City on those lots on Second Street
whose assessed valuation would not pay the full pro rata of the cost of said improvement as shown
by the assessment roll for District No, 2, the balance of $618.68 being payable out of the special
assessment funds for Assessment District NO, 2, Now Therefore, Be it resolved that the said claim
be and the same is hereby allowed to the extent of fifty per cent, thereof, viz: in the sum of
$715.28, and the same is hereby directed to be paid as follows: $96.60 out of the general fund
of the City of Las Vegas, and $618.68 out of the special funds for District No, 2, That such
payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as their interests appear, viz: $715.28 to
the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, inc. as assignee of the said J.A. Delameter . That
the balance of said claim be presented to this Board within sixty days after the completion of
said contract of February 17, 1914 as by said contract provided. Be it further Resolved that
the said sum of $1430.56 be and the same is hereby declared to be included as one of the items
of the cost of construction of said sidewalk, and that the balance of the items chargeable to
the special assessment account are declared to be as follows advertising notices and Ordinances
$$45.95 inspectors fees $25.00 making an aggregate cost of said improvement to be borne by special
assessment of $1501,51 less the excess of $96.60 above mentioned, to be paid out of the General
Fund. the vote on said resolution being as follows Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith aye,
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss
and duly carried ordered that the following resolution be adopted: Whereas, J.A. Delameter
has filed with this Board a claim in the sum of $675.62 as compensation in full for the construction
of the sidewalk on the south side of Fremont street under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing
date the 17th day of February, 1914, and, Whereas, there said work has been accepted as completed
by the Commissioner of streets and Public property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on
file with this Board, and Whereas, it appears to this Board that there is noe due under the terms
of said contract to the said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent. of the contract price, viz: $337.81
payable out of the special assessment funds of District No, 3, Now Therefore, Be it resolved that
the said claim be and the same is hereby allowed to the extent of fifty per cent thereof, viz:

in the sum of $337.81, and the same is hereby ordered to be paid out of special assessment funds
of District No, 3, That such payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as their interests
appear, viz: $315.04 to the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada Inc. as assignee of that amount
from said J.A. Delameter and the balance of $22.77 to be paid to the said J.A. Delameter out
of the sum at this time allowed. That the balance of said claim be presented to this Board within
sixty days after the completion of said contract of February 17, 1914 as by said contract provided.

Be it further resolved that the said sum of $675.62 be and the same is hereby declared to be
included as one of the items of the cost of construction of said sidewalk, and that the balance
of the items chargeable to the special assessment account are declared to be as follows: Advertising
ordinances and notices: $44.45 Inspectors fees $15.00 making a total cost chargeable to special
assessment account of $735.07 the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Griffith aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried
the following resolution was duly adopted. " Whereas, J.A. Delameter has filed with this Board
a claim in the sum of $866.56 as compensation in full for the construction of the sidewalk on the
North side of Fremont street under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the 17th, day
of February, 1914, and , Whereas, the said work has been accepted as completed by the Commissioner
of Streets and public Property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on file with this Board
and Whereas, it appears to this Board that there is now due under the terms of said contract to
the said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent. of the contract price, viz: $433.28, payable out of special
assessment funds of District No, 4, Now Therefore, Be it Resolved that the said claim be and the
same is hereby allowed to the extent of fifty per cent thereof, viz: in the sum of $433.23, and
the same is hereby ordered to be paid out of the special assessment funds of District No, 4,

That such payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as their interests appear, viz:

$433.28 to be paid to the said J.A. Delameter out of the sum at this time allowed. That the balance
of said claim be presented to this Board within sixty days after the completion of said contract
of February 17, 1914, as by said contract provided. Be it further resolved that the said sum
of $866.56 be and the same is hereby declared to be included as one of the items of the cost of
construction of said sidewalk, and that the balance of the items chargeable to the special assessm-
ent account are declared to be as follows: Advertising ordinances and notices $44.45 Inspectors
fees $14.00 making a total cost chargeable to special assessment account of $925.01. the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- commissioners Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and Curtiss
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried
the following resolution was duly adopted towit:- "Resolved that the City Attorney be and
hereby is directed to institute proper proceedings on behalf of the City of Las Vegas for the
collection of all special sidewalk assessments which are unpaid on the 17th, day of May 1914.
the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada, June 3rd, 1914.
At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held on the 3rd, day of June A.D. 1914. Present the Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Comm-
issioners Sullivan, Curtiss, and Griffith, Commissioner Smith being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the

Clerk of this Board except the Claims of , Lake, O'Brien, Halpin and Stewart which was rejected

upon the grounds that the Board had a contract with J.T. McWilliams for the completion of said



cemetery worK and not with the above parties and that for the further reason that said parties were

not retained by the City to perform said work.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried

it was ordered that the sum of one dollars $100.00 be transferred from the general fund of the

City to the Cemetery fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Commissioners Sullivan , Curtiss, Griffith
and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request from J.H. Ladd requesting that he be

compensated for land used for road purposes which passes through his the said. J.H. Ladd's property

whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Curtiss it was ordered that said matter

be turned over to the Commissioner of street and Alleys W.W. Griffith with a request that he report

bacK to this Board at their next regular meeting the statues of said matter., Commissioners, Curtiss,
Griffith, Sullivan, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

The petition from the Mesquite Club requesting that the quarter now occupied by the County

officers of Clark County be used for Library purposes was ordered that the same be laid over for

future reference.

The question of paying J.A. Delameter his final 50 % on contract price for sidewalks
built by the said J.A. Delameter in said City was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered
that said matter be laid over until June the 8th, 1914 at seven o'clocK P.M. of said date.

Thereupon motion being duly made by Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner
Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that this meeting stand adjourned until June 8th, at seven
o'clock P.M. of said day to consider the paying of said J.A. Delameter his final 50% on contract
for sidewalk work the vote being as follows towit Commissioners Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan and
his honor the Mayor voting aye.
June 8th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City commissioners in a and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada head pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor, with Commissioners
Sullivan, Curtiss, and Griffith, Commissioner E.E. Smith being absent on leave of absence.

This being the time as set by the Board for the payment of the last and final 50% as due
J.A. Delameter on his contract with the City of Las Vegas for the competition of sidewalks on
the East side of First street, Second street, South side of Fremont street, and the North side of
Fremont street. it was upon motion being duly made and carried by motion of Commissioner Griffith
and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan resolved that the following resolution be adopted as follows:
towit:- " Whereas , J.A. Delameter has filed with this Board a claims in the sum of $719.68 for
final 50% on the East side of First street, $715.28 for final 50% on the East side of second street
$337.81 for final payment on the South side of Fremont street, and for $433.28 as final 50% on
the North side of Fremont street as compensation in full for the construction of the sidewalk on
the above mentioned streets as per contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the 17th, day
of February, 1914. and Whereas, the said work has been accepted as completed by the Commissioner
of Streets and Public property as shown by the report of said Commissioner on file with this Board
and Whereas , it appears to this Board that there is now due under the terms of said contract
to the said J.A. Delameter fifty per cent. as final payment of the contract price, the sums Of
$433.28 on district NO. 4, $337.81 on district No, 3. $715.28 on District. No. 2, $719.68 on
District No.l,. payable out of the special assessment funds of Districts No. 1, 2, 3, 4,. Now
Therefore, Be it resolved that the said claim be and the same is hereby allowed to the extent of
fifty per cent which is the final and last paymenet per contract thereof, in the sums of $71968
$715.28, $337.81, $433.28. and the same is hereby ordered to be paid out of special assessments
funds of Districts No, 1, 2, 3, 4,. That such payment be made to J.A. Delameter and his assigns as
their interests appear viz: $1300.00 to the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated
as assignee of that amount from said J.A. Delameter and the balance of the said sums to be paid
to the said J.A. Delameter out of the sums allowed by this Board. the vote upon said resolution
be as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of transferring a sufficient sum of money from the general fund of the City to
make upon the deficit in district No, 1, of said special sidewalk assessment it was upon motion
of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that the
sum of $120.96 be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the
special assessment district No. 1, of said City. the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor. voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the resignation of F.A. Stevens as City Attorney
in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to take effect immediately whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by commissioner
Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said resignation be accepted, the vote being as follows towit:
Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting NO.

Upon motion being duly made and carried the Board adjourned.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 10th, 1914.

At a regular special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City



of Las Vegas, Nevada held pursuant to special call given by the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of said City of Las
Vegas Nevada. on the 9th, day of June 1914. the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada meet in special session on the 10th, day of June A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
Mayor, with Commissioners Curtiss, Sullivan, and Griffith., where upon the Clerk of said Board
filed the following report with the Board showing notice as given to said members of said Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 9th, 1914.

To Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk.

You are hereby notified that I have called a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 10th, day of
June 1914, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. on said day for the purpose of considering
the appointment of an City Attorney which office has been created vacant by the resignation
of F.A. Stevens and to further consider the statue of the office of Fire and Police commissioner
And you are hereby directed to give- notice to each member of said Board of the time place and
object of said meeting.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor of said City.

Filed June 9th, 1914. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 9th, 1914.

To E.E. Smith. P.J. Sullivan, John B. Curtiss

E.W. Griffith, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Nevada and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins.

Sirs:-

Your are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of said

City a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners will be held at the office of the City

Clerk in the City of Las Vegas on the 10th, day of June A.D. 1914. at the hour of seven thirty

o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering the appointment of an City Attorney which office has

been created vacant by the resignation of F.A. Stevens and to further consider the statutes of the office
of Fire and Police Commissioner. 	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

Attest:- Harley A. Harmon Clerk. (SEAL)

Filed June 9th, 1914. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

State of Nevada)

County of Clark) ss.

I, Harley A. Harmon City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada do hereby certify

that I received the above notice from his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins on the 9th, day of June

1914. and that I served the above notice of each of the Commissioners of said City by posting
in the united States post office at Las Vegas Nevada postage prepaid to each of the above named
Commissioners.

Witness my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada this 9th, day of June 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Filed June 9th, 1914. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

each of the above named commissioners duly acknowledged receipt of the above notice except
Commissioner E.E. Smith whom is absent from said City on leave of absence as issued on the 9th, day
of June 1914. The business of said meeting was for the purpose of selecting and appointing a
City Attorney for said City, whereby it was upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by
Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried ordered that the said A.S. Henderson be and is hereby
appointed to the office of City Attorney in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. upon his filing
a good and sufficient bond in the sum of one thousand dollars and taking the oath of office. the
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye,
Curtiss, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

Thereafter the said A.S. Henderson presented his official Bond in the sum of one thousand
dollars with Ed. W. Clark and C.C. Ronnow as sureties whereupon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and
seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried ordered that the bond of A.S. Henderson be and
the same is hereby approved, the vote on said, resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan , aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

July 1st. A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 1st day of July A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E HawKins Mayor. with commissioners
Curtiss, Sullivan, Griffith and E.E. smith, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read, All claims against the City
allowed as appears upon claim of said City on file with the Clerk of said Board.

All reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time E.W. Griffith made a report to the Board relative to the purchase of certain
land owned by J.H. Ladd through which the extension of Fremont street passed through and recommended
to the Board that the sum of $250.00 be paid by said City to J.H. Ladd for said strip of land where-
upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was
ordered by the Board that the sum of of $250.00 be paid to the said J.H. Ladd for said strip of
ground upon his filing a good and sufficient deed to said City and abstract of title said deed to
be approved by the City Attorney of Las Vegas Nevada, and it was further ordered by the Board that
upon the filing of said deed the City Clerk be and is hereby ordered and instructed to draw the
war ent of said City for said land and to be paid by the City Treasurer out of the general fund
of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commiss-
ioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

It appearing to the Board that the Cemetery fund is short and not enough money in said fund
to pay outstanding claim it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of
Ten dollars be and is hereby ordered transferred from the general fund of the City to the Cemetery
fund of said City,

Upon motion of commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner smith and duly carried
it was ordered by the Board that the ClerK of this Board be and is hereby instructed to notify said
Cemetery Committee that it is the desire of this Board that they do not contract any more claims
unless the funds are in said Cemetery fund as created by said City the vote being as follows
towit:- Commissioners, Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. HawKins voting aye.



At this time the question of official grades being established around the school building in sal d
Came on before the Board and upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board

that Street Commissioner Griffith be and is hereby instructed to have said grades established for
said City.

	At this time R.E. Lake who had been retained by the City for the purpose of inspecting

and making certain repair work on said sewer system made a verable report to said Board whereupon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that said report be accepted and
the said R.E. Lake be and is hereby instructed to make a written report and place the same on file
with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner E.E. Smith of said City asked for a leave of
absence for ninety days whereupon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner
Curtiss it was ordered by the Board that the said E.E. Smith be and is hereby granted a leave of
absence for the period of ninety days, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit
Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye, E.E. Smith being excused from voting.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered by the Board that this meeting stand adjourned until the next regular meting of
the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

August 5th. A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, held
on the 5th, day of August A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners Griffith
Curtiss, Sullivan, and smith.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as appears more fully from records In Clerks
office.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board of City Commissioners an application of L.R.
Skinner and George Douglas whereby the said L.R. Skinner agrees to transfer all of his right and
title and interest in a certain saloon license in said City situated in the Colorado Hotel to the
said George Douglass as per ordinance NO. 33 of the said City of Las Vegas and it appearing to
said Board of City Commissioners that the said George Douglas is a fit and proper person to have
granted to him the said permit it is upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Comm-
issioner Griffith and ordered that said transfer be granted as prayed for in said application,
the vote upon said motion being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan aye, and Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk further presented to the Board the application of Fred J. Pearce and Henry Squires
whereby the said Henry Squires agrees to transfer all of his right and title and interest in a
certain saloon license in said City situated in the Squires Hotel to the said Fred J. Pearce as
per ordinance No, 33 of said City and it appearing to the said Board of City Commissioners that
the said Fred J. Pearce is a fit and proper person to have granted to him said permit it is upon
motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that
said transfer be and the same is hereby granted. the vote upon said motion being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read before the Board an ordinance providing for the collection of a Dog
license or tax upon each and every male and female dog in said City of Las Vegas, whereupon
for the first reading, whereupon motion being duly and carried it was ordered that said ordinance
go over for the second reading.

At this time the Boards attention was called to the fact that there was not enough money
in the Cemetery fund to cover outstanding claims whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered by the Board that the sum of
One hundred dollars be and the same is hereby transferred from the General fund of the City to the
Cemetery fund of said City. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

 At this time Commissioner Griffith asKed the Board for permission to erect a drinking
fountain in front of his building at the Corner of Fremont and Second street in said City, and
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made by

Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and carried resolved that the said E.W.
Griffith be and is hereby granted permission to erect an Sanitary Drinking fountain upon said
corner, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith , aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan, a:
Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it
was ordered by the Board that this Board stand adjourned until eight o'clock P.M. of this day to
taKe up and consider the application of transfer of liquor license of J.Bl Curtiss situated in the
Lincoln Hotel in said City. the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Griffith
aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins. voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

August 5th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. Commissioner Curtiss
and Smith, Commissioners Griffith and Sullivan being absent there being a quorum present the Board
then proceeded to take up the question of the transfer of liquor license of J.B. Curtiss. whereby
the said J.B. Curtiss agrees to transfer all of his right and title and interest in a certain
saloon license in said City situated in the building known as the Lincoln Hotel on Main street
to the said Maier Brewing Company as per ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas Nevada and
it appearing to the said Board of City Commissioners that the said Maiar Brewing Company are a
fit and proper parties to have granted to them said permit it was upon motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, and duly carried ordered that said transfer be granted
as prayed for in said application the vote being as follows towit Commissioners Curtiss, aye.
Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.
At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the the 2nd, day of September A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with
Commissioners Curtiss, and Sullivan, Commissioners Smith and Griffith being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as appears more fully from claim book on file
with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it
was ordered that the sum of $20.00 be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of	

the City to the Cemetery fund of the City, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss,

voting aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request from the fire Chief H.M. Lillis request-
ing that the Commissioners make an order authorizing the Fire Commissioner to purchase 500 feet
of fire hose, and also spanners and other necessary equipment for use of the Fire Department of
said City whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the Commissioner of
police and Fire Department be and is hereby authorized to purchase the necessary equipment
for fire purposes in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, the vote on the same being as follows towit:- 
Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this	time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition from the Hotel keepers of said said	

relative to	the collecting of licenses of rooming houses in said City, where upon motion being	

duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this matter be laid over for future reference
There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada, October 2nd, A.D. 1914.

At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City

of Las Vegas, Nevada. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Curtiss, Sullivan and

Smith. at this time the the Clerk read before the Board the call as issued by the Mayor for said

special meeting.	Las Vegas, Nevada. September 29th, 1914.

To Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk, Las- Vegas, Nevada.

You are hereby notified that I have this day called a special meeting of the Board of City

commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 2nd day

of October A.D. 1914. for the hour of ten o'clock A.M. for the purpose of considering and acting

upon matters with relation to tax rate for the year 1914, and you are hereby authorized and

directed to give notice of the time and place and object of said meeting to the members of said

Board of City Commissioners forthwith.	W.E. Hawkins. Mayor.

Filed : September 29th, A.D. 1914. Harley A. Harmon, ClerK.

Thereupon the ClerK read before the Board the call and notice as sent out by him and

served upon each member. as follows:-	Las Vegas, Nevada, September 29th, 1914.

To. E.E. smith. P.J. Sullivan,

J.B. Curtiss, and E.W. Griffith.

City commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Sirs:- You are hereby notified that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas has this day
issued a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City to be held on
the 2nd day of October A.D. 1914, at ten o'clock A.M. at the office of the City Clerk of said
City, for the purpose of considering the tax rate for said City for the year 1914. and I have
been instructed by the Mayor to give notice in accordance with said call.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

Filed September 29th. A.D. 1914. Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

State of Nevada)

SS.

County of Clark)

I, Harley A. Harmon City Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do hereby certify
that I received the above notice from the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of said City and that upon receipt
of the same that I issued the above described notice that I further mailed a copy of said notice
to each of the City Commissioners of said City by deposting a copy of said Notice in the United
States post office in said City postage prepaid.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, this
29th. day of September A.D. 1914.

(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of fixing the tax rate in and for said City



of Las Vegas, Nevada: Upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Smith

the following resolution was adopted:-

Whereas, at a regular called special meeting of the Board of Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held October 2nd, 1914, a budget setting forth
the estimated receipts and expenditures for the year beginning July 1st, 1914. and ending July
1, 1915, was presented to the Board by the Finance Commissioner, J.B. Curtiss, and it appearing
by said budget that a tax of 70 cents per $100 valuation on all taxable property within the limits
of the said City would be sufficient for City purposes for the ensuing year.

It is therefore ordered that the tax levy for the City of Las Vegas , Clark County, Nevada,
for the year 1914 be and the same is hereby fixed at 70 cents per $100 valuation on all taxable
property within the limits of the said City.

And it is further ordered that the City Clerk forthwith transmit a copy of this order to the
Board of county Commissioners of Clark, county Nevada, at its next meeting. the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Sullivan, aye, smith, aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.
Minutes of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 7th, of
October A.D. 1914 for the purpose of transcanting regular business.

The Board then took up the matter of refunds on districts Number 2, 3, 4, of said City of
Las Vegas Nevada on Sidewalks and the following resolution was duly adopted by the Board.



" Whereas, on the 4th day of April, 1914, at a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Comm-
issioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, it was ordered that an assessment of $1,513.51 

be levied, charged and collected on the whole property fronting and abutting on the east
side of second street of said City between Fremont and Garces streets, except that property known as
the San Pedro, Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad rooming house, and more particularly known as
District No, 2, for the purpose of defraying the expense of constructing a concrete sidewalk along
the east side of said street, and Whereas, the amount collected by said City from the owners of said
properties was $1,416.70, being the assessment as levied less the sum of $96.81, the amount due from
said City for property belonging to it, and Whereas, the actual cost of sidewalk and the amount
actually paid by said City for the construction thereof was $1, 368.96 thereby showing the amount
collected to be $47*74 in excess of the actual cost and the amount paid out by the said City for the
said work,

Thereupon motion fo Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss it is ordered

that the excess so collected be rebated to said property owners of said district No, 2, in an amount 

proportionate to each as to the number of dollars paid by the said property owners to the said City,

being as follows, towit: The sum of $.03366 per $1 paid to the said City, and the Clerk of said City

is hereby ordered to draw his warrant for and the Treasurer directed to pay to said property owners

of District No. 2 said sum of $03366 per $1 paid as shown by the assessment roll of said City.
the vote being as follows Commissioners , Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and the Mayor. aye.

Whereas on the 4th day of April 1914, at a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, it was ordered that an assessment of

$745.07 be levied, charged and collected on the whole property fronting and abutting on the south

side of Fremont street of said City, between second and fifth street, except that property known as t

the Petty Jewlery store, and more particularly known as District No, 3, for the purpose of defraying

the expense of constructing a concrete sidewalk along the south side of said street, and Whereas,

the amount collected by the said City from the owners of said properties was $744.80 and Whereas,

the actual cost of said sidewalk and the amount actually paid by said City for the construction

thereof was $690. 62, thereby showing the amount collected to be $54.18 in excess of the actual

cost and the amount paid out by the said City for the said work. Thereupon motion of Commissioner

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith it is ordered that the excess so collected , towit, the

sum of $54.18 be rebated to said property owners of said district No, 3, in an amount of $1.54 per lot

of twenty five feet, as shown by the assessment roll of said City. And the Clerk of said City is

hereby directed to draw his warrant and the City Treasurer directed to pay the same, the vote being as
follows towit Commissioners, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye. Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, his honor

voting aye. 

	Whereas on the 4th day of April, 1914, at a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, it was ordered that
an assessment of $980.07 be levied, charged and collected on the whole property fronting and
abutting on the North side of Fremont street of said City, between lot 18 in block 15 and fifth
street, and more particularly known as District No, 4, for the purpose of defraying the expenses of
constructing a concrete sidewalk along the north side of said street, and Whereas the amount collec-
ted by the said City from the owners of said properties was $980.00, and Whereas the actual cost of 
said sidewalk and the amount actually paid by said City for the construction thereof was $880.56
thereby showing the amount collected to be $99.44 in excess of the actual cost and the amount paid out

by the said City for the said work, Now, Therefore, upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded
by Commissioner Sullivan it is ordered that the excess so collected, towit; the sum of $99.44 be
rebated to said property owners of said district No 4 in an amount of $2.486 per lot of twenty
five feet as shown by the assessment roll of said, And the Clerk of said City is hereby directed
to draw his warrant and the City Treasurer directed to pay the same.

The vote on said resolution being as follows Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan
aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of has
Vegas Nevada held on the 7th, day of October A.D. 1914, Present all members of the Board
with the Mayor, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and special meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officer read and approved as read.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of Fred Von Deventer and Lon Groseback 

for a transfer of liquor license situated in the Northern Hotel in said City of Fremont street, 

	

whereupon motion of Griffith seconded by Smith being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that

said transfer be granted as per ordinance No. 33 of the said City governing saloon licenses

in the said City the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith,

aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor Q.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the question of employing a sexton for the Cemetery in said City came on before



the Board and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion Smith and seconded by Curtiss 

being duly made and carried ordered by the Board that the said Cemetery Committee be and they are hereby
allowed the right and privileges to hire said section with the understanding that the
salary of said section is not to exceed the sum of thirty five dollars per month, the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye Smith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Fire and Police Commissioner called the attention of the Board to the fact

that one hundred feet of hose was missing from the fire equipment also a nozzle and asked per

mission of the Board to offer an reward for information leading up to the conviction of person

or persons taking or having said hose, where upon motion being duly made and carried it was

ordered by the Board that the sum of fifty dollars be offered as a reward for information



leading to the taking of said hose and equipment the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith
voting aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

This being the time for the reading of an ordinance relating to putting on a dog tax for
said City and the seconding of said ordinance, and the Board having heretofore placed said
license at $4.00 for male dogs and 7.50 for female dogs it was upon motion of Commissioner
smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said portion of said
license pertaining to amounts to be paid be amended as follows towit:- Male dogs $2.50 a piece
female dogs $5.00 a piece. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- commissioner
Griffith , aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
coting aye.

The Clerk then proceeded to read said ordinance as amended and after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner smith and seconded by Commissioner,
Griffith and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be passed as appears more fully under
Ordinance No. 58, in ordinance Book No. one, to which reference is hereby made, the vote on said
Ordinance being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, smith, aye, and
Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

City Attorney was given authority to use any and all means he might see fit to inforce
the collection of sidewalk assessments heretofore levied on lots No, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 15,
and 16, in block 12 Clark's Las Vegas Townsite Clark County Nevada.

There being no further business before the Board they adjourned until the next regular
meeting of the Board.
Office of the City Clerk. Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, November 4th, 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 4th day of November A.D. 1914. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Griffith, Curtiss, Smith and Sullivan, with the Clark and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read

Reports of officers read and approved as read, All claims against the City allowed as per claim
book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time a Committee appeared before the Board representing the Mesquite Club of said City
and requested of the Board that they give said Club the right and privilege to use said City building
now situated on block 20 in said City belonging to said City for library purposes the same to be
for general use for the public said library to be under the direction of the Members of the Board
and two members of said Mesquite Club. Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the
Board that this matter be referred to the City Attorney with a request that he make a report of the
same at the next regular meeting of the Board.

It was further order by the Board that the 18th day of November 1914 be declared as a clean up
day for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and that the Mayer of said City is hereby authorized to issue
an proclamation to such effect.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 2nd, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las V gas
Nevada, held on the above mentioned date Present the Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners
 Griffith, Curtiss, and Smith.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board, Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that the sum of sixty doll-
ars" $( 60.00) be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the general fund of the City to the
Cemetery fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of One hundred
($100,00) be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the Street fund
of the City of Lae Vegas Nevada.

This being the time set by the Board for the granting of liquor permits for the year 1915 in
said City as per ordinance of said City, the Clerk then presented to the Board the following applications 

for consideration of the Board.
The next matter considered by the Board was the applications for permits to conduct liquor
establishments in the City of Las Vegas for the year Commencing January 1st, 1915 and ending
December 31st, AD. 1915. the following applications on file with the Clerk were thereupon read
by the Clerk to the Board. For retail liquor establishments:- Number No, l, Robert H. Schaffer,

No, 2, Fred Von Deventer, No, 3, Meritt Pollard, No, 4, Elwell and Guy, No, 5, Fred J. Pearce, No,

6, Hotel Nevada Mining Co, No, 7, D. Pecetto, No, 8, Ed Van, No, 9, A1 James, No, 10, Carl Wasserbach, 

No, 11, John W. Horden, No, 12, Douglas and Pomeroy, No, 13, Joseph Graglio, and Tom Biama,

No, 14, Andrino and Webber, No, 15, Charles C. Haller, No, 16, Las Angeles Brewing Co, No, 17,

Ed. W. Clark Fordwarding Co. the last two were for wholesale liquor licenses in said City.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the following resolution
 was duly adopted; Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Robert H. Schaffer to conduct
a retail liquor establishment at the Charleston Hotel on first street in said City of Las Vegas
for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, A.D. 1915, and that the City
Clerk be and is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said Robert H. Schaffer upon the payment
to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license, the vote upon said resolution
 being as follows towit: Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolution
 was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Fred Von Deventer to conduct
a retail establishment at the Norther Hotel in Fremont street in said City of Las Vegas for the
year beginning January lay, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915, and that the City Clerk be and is
hereby ordered to issue a license to the said Fred Von Deventer upon the payment to him of the
sum required for said retail liquor establishment license, the vote being as follows towit on
said resolution, Commissioner, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolution
 was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Meritt Pollard to conduct a
retail establishment at the New Overland Hotel on corner of Fremont street and Main street in said
City of Las Vegas for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915, and that
the City Clerk be and is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said Meritt Pollard upon the
payment to him of the sum required for raid retail liquor establishment license, the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, aye,.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss , the following resolution
on was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Elwell and Guy to conduct a retail
liquor establishment at the Lincoln Hotel on Main street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada for the
year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915, and that the City Clerk be and
is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Elwell and Guy upon the payment to him of the sum
required for said retail liquor establishment license, the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith: the following
resolution was duly adopted: Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Fred J. Pearce to
conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Squires Hotel on First street in said City of Las Vega
Vegas for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915, and that the City
Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to said Fred J. Pearce upon the payment to him
of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment license. the vote upon said resolution
be an follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the
Mayor, W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss a the Following resolution 

was duly adopted towit:- Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Hotel Nevada Mining
Company a corporation, to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Nevada Hotel corner of
Main street and Fremont street in the City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the year beginning January 1st,
and ending December 31st, 1915. and that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a
license to said Hotel Nevada Mining Company a corporation upon the payment to him of the sum
required for said retail liquor establishment license. the vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Griffith : the following
resolution was duly adopted towit:— Resolved that permission is hereby granted to Dmoninco Pecetto
to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Union Hotel on Main street in the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915. and that
the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said Dominco Pecetto upon the
payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment, the vote being as follows
towit:— Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commies oner Smith :the following resolution
 was duly adopted towit:— Resolved that permission be and is hereby granted to Ed. Van to
conduct a retail liquor establishment at the "00" saloon on First street in the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915. and that the City
Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said Ed. Van upon the payment to him
of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment, the vote being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being made by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith: the foll-
owing resolution was duly adopted towit:- Resolved that permission be and is hereby granted to
Al James to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Arizona Club on First street in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the year beginning January 1st. 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915* and
that the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said Al James upon the
payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment, the vote being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, Smith Griffith, aye an his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting, aye.

Upon motion of Commissioners Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith : the following
resolution was duly adopted towit:— Resolved that permission be and is hereby granted to Carl
Wassabach to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the "Star Saloon" on First street in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915.
and that the City Clerk he and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said Carl Wasserbach
upon the payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment, the votebeing
as follows towit:- Commissioners Smith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith: the following resolution
 was duly adopted towit:- Resolved that permission be and is hereby granted to John W. Horden
to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the Las Vegas Hotel cm Fremont street in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st. 1915. and that

the City Clerk be and he is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said John W. Horden upon the
payment to him of the sum required for said retail liquor establishment, the vote beginning as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it
was ordered by the Board that the application of Douglas and Pomeroy for a permission to conduct
a retail liquor license at the Colorado Hotel on First street in which the said Douglass sets forth
that he intends to take in said Pomeroy as a partner, it was ordered by said Board that said appli-
cation of Douglas and Pomrey be laid over until the 18th, day of December 1914 when this Board
will consider said application further. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:—
Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

Upon motion of Commissioners Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried
it was ordered by the Board that the applications of Joseph Gragalia and Tom Biama , and Andrino and
Webber for permission for a retail liquor license in the building known as the "Turf Saloon", be laid
laid over until the 18th, day of December 1914 , the vote upon said resolution being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it
was ordered by the Board that the application of Charles Haller for a retail liquor establishment
permit in the building known as the Oxford in the City of Las Vegas Nevada, be and the same is hereby
ordered laid over until the 18th. day of December 1914, to vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried the

following resolution was duly adopted towit:- Resolved that the application of the Los Angeles

Brewing Company for permission to conduct a wholesale liquor establishment on Main in said City

of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the year beginning January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915.

be and the same is hereby granted and the City Clerk is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said



Los Angeles Brewing Company upon the payment to him of the sum required for said whole sale liquor

establishment, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Curtiss, aye,

Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried

the following resolution was duly adopted towit:- Resolved that the application of the Ed W. Clark

Fordwarding Company for whole sale liquor license and establishment on Main street in said City

of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the year beginning January let, 1915, and ending December 31st, 1915. be

and the same is hereby granted and the City Clerk is hereby ordered to issue a license to the said



Ed. W. Clark Fordwarding Company upon the payment to him of the sum required for said whole-sale

liquor establishment, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Curtiss, aye, Smith,

aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board proposals for a dumping ground in said City
by Peter Buol, and W.J. Stewart, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the
Board that this matter be laid over for future reference.

The question of appointing an successor to the office of Municipal Judge of said City Coming
on before the Board, said vacancy being caused by the Death of G.A. Case the duly appointed Municipal
Judge of said City, and the applications of Mr E. Hall and Henry M. Lillis having been read before
the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the said H.M. Lillis be and

he is hereby appointed to the office of Municipal Judge in and for Las Vegas City during the unexpired



term upon his filing a bond and taking the oath of office as prescribed by law, the vote on said resolution	  

	
being as follows towit:— Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of W.R. Thomas for permission to
extended his porch along Fremont street over said sidewalk on the building commonly known as the
W.R. Thomas block, whereupon motion being duly made by Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Comm-
Smith and duly carried it was ordered by the Board that said permit be and the same is hereby granted
to him upon hit complying with the ordinance relating to the fire limits in said City. the vote
being as follows towit:— Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of turning the building formerly occupied by the County officials of Clark County
to the Mesquite Club of said City for a public Library coming on before the Board and after due
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered by 
the Board that this matter be laid over until the 18th, day of December 1914, for further considera-
tion by the Board.

The question of extending lights on Main street North in said City and out on Fremont below
sixth street in said City Coming on before the Board it was due consideration upon the part of the
Board and duly carried ordered by the Board upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by
Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that two more light be erected on main Street running
North on said street and two more lights on Fremont street running east on said street, the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a letter from Annetia Gonzolas asking for a retail
liquor permit to conduct a saloon on First street at the place known as the Arcade saloon in said
City where upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered the Board that the Clark of
this Board be and is hereby instructed to Ratify the said Anneta Gonzalas that under Ordinance passed
by this Board no new licensee could issued by this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered by the Board that this Board stand adjourned until the 18th , day of December 1914 at ten
o'clock A.M. of said day, to consider any and all matters that shall come before it.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

December 18th, A.D. 1914.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 18th day of December A.D. 1914 pursuant to adjournment: Present Hon. W.E. Hawk-
ins Mayor, with Commissioners Curtiss, Smith, and Griffith. present.

At this time the Clerk presented the Board the application of Charles Haller for permission
to conduct a retail liquor establishment in the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the term beginning
January 1st A.D , 1915 and ending December 31st 1915: Whereupon motion being duly made by
Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss it was resolved by the said Board that
a permit be and is hereby issued to the said Charles A. Haller to conduct a retail liquor
establishment on First Street in said City in the building know as the Oxford Hotel upon the
payment by him to the City Clerk of said City the sum required by law for retail liquor
establishments: the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye,
Smith, aye, Griffith, No. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith : It was resolved
that a permission be and is hereby granted to Andrio and Webber to conduct a retail liquor
establishment in the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the term beginning January 1st, 1915 and
ending December 31st , 1915 on First street in said in the place known as the Turf saloon upon
the payment by him to the City Clerk of said City the sum as by law required, the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and
hie honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried
it was resolved by the Board that permission be and is hereby granted to George Douglass to
conduct a retail liquor establishment in the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the term beginning
January 1st, 1915 and ending December 31st, 1915 at the place know as the Colorado Hotel on
First street in said City upon the payment by him to the City Clerk the sum required by law
for the conducting of retail liquor establishments in said City, the vote on said resolution
be as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The application of Gragrlio and Tom Baina for a retail liquor establishment in the City
of Las Vegas Nevada at the place known as the Turf saloon in said City was upon motion of Commissioner
Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that said application be laid
over until the next meeting of the Board, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit
Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith, aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

Upon motion Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner smith and duly carried it was
ordered by the Board that the sum of seven hundred and fifty dollars be and the same is hereby
transferred from the general fund of the City to the Street fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada the
vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Griffith
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that the City Attorney be
and his hereby instructed to advertise for bids on gravel to the amount of not less than 250 yards
at the rate of 3400 hundred pounds to the yard to be placed upon the streets in said City under the
direction of the street Commissioner of said City. There being no further business before the
Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered by the Board that this Board stand adjourned 

until the next regular meeting of the Board.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
January 6th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
held on the 6th day of January A.D. 1915, Present W.E. Hawkins Mayor. E.E. Smith, John B. Curtiss,
and E.W. Griffith Commissioners. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk presented the petition of Andrino and Webber before the Board for transfer
of location whereupon it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that said petition is not in
accordance with Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Las Vegas governing saloon licenses it was upon motion
of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said petition be denied
upon the grounds that the same is not in accordance with Ordinance No. 33 of the City of Lae Vegas.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye,

Smith, aye, and hie honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of Nelson Cimo of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, for permission to conduct a retail liquor establishment at the place comply known as the
Rainier owned by C. Muttecuti situated on first in block 16 of said City, and it appearing to
the Board that this is an application for a new license and that the ordinance of said City probihits
the issuance of new licenses it was therefore upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded
by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that said application be and the same is hereby denied.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of a refund on sidewalk assessment on First street coming on before the Board

the Clerk presented the following resolution to the Board for there consideration. " Whereas, on



the 4th day of April, 1914, at a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, it was ordered that an assessment of $1520, 82 be levied, charged
and collected on the whole property fronting and abutting on the East side of First street of said
City between the alley Which runs easterly and westerly through block 14 intersecting said first

street and Garces Street, except lots No. 15 and 16 in block 14, and more particularly known as

District No. 1, for the purpose of constructing a concrete sidewalk along the East side of said
street, and Whereas, the amount collected by said City from the owners of said property was $1419.84
being the assessment as levied less the sum of $100.98 the amount due from said City Where the
costs of said sidewalk exceeded 20% of the assessed valuation of the lots thereon, and Whereas,

the actual cost of the said sidewalk and the amount actually paid by said City for the construction

thereof was $1338.54 thereby showing the amount collected to be $81.28 in excess of the actual
cost and the amount paid out by the said City for the said work. Thereupon, Motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, it was ordered that the excess so collected, twit:— the
sum of $81.28 be rebated to said property owners of said district No. 1, in an amount proportionate
to each as to the number of dollars paid by the said property owners to the said City, being as follows 

towit:- the sum of $.0572 per $1.00 paid to said City, and the Clerk of said City is hereby
ordered to draw his warrant and the Treasurer directed to pay to said property owners of said
District No, 1, said sum of $00572 per $1.00 paid as shown by the assessment roll of said City.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

The question of amending the fire ordinance coming on before the Board it was upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that the City attorney be instructed to prepair an amended to said
ordinance for the next regular meeting of the Board. there being no further business before the
it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.
February 3rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 3rd, day of February A.D. 1915, present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor. With Commissioners
E.W. Griffith, E.E. Smith, and P.J. Sullivan. present. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as appears more fully in Claim book on
file with the City Clark of said City.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time Mrs Frank A. Clark and Mrs C.M. McGovern a Committee representing the Mesquite
Club of said City appeared before the Board relative to making arrangements with said Board of
City Commissioners for the taking over of the old Court House quarters for Library purposes where-
upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this Matter be taken under
advisement and further that the Board will let said Committee known there opinion in the matter
before Friday February 5th 1915.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of Geo. Carlin for a transfer of
retail liquor licenses from Geo. Douglas in said City and situated in the Colorado Hotel Building
on first street in said City, whereupon it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that Geo.

Carlin is a fit and proper person to have an retail liquor license issued to him and it farther
appearing to the Board that their has been a bonified sale and transfer made of said business it
was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried
ordered that said transfer be and the same is hereby granted. the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:— Commissioner Griffith, No. Smith, aye, Sullivan aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E
Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the opening of bids on gravel for the streets in said City
as per Notice heretofore issued and published in the local papers and it appearing to the Board
that the Clerk has six bids on file it is therefore order d by the Board that the Clerk of said
Board proceed to open said bids, whereupon the Clerk the following bids towit:—

D.A. Potter	$1.90	per	cubic	yard

R.A. Ferguson	$1:85	per	cubic	yard

Wm Lauberheimer	$1.95	cubic yard.

A.L.J. Clark	$2.00	per	cubic	yard

A.F. Ferlin	$1.90	per	cubic	yard.

J.M.Heaton and C.A. French	$1.65	per	cubic	yard.

Whereupon it appearing to the Board that the Bid of J.M. Heaton and C.A. French is lowest and best
bid it was upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried
ordered that the Bid of J,M, Heaton and C.A. French be and the same is hereby accepted, and the
City Attorney is hereby instructed to draw up a contract with said parties on behalf of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Thereafter upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly
carried it was ordered by the Board that this Board stand adjourned until Thursday evening at 7:00
o'clock P.M. to take up the question of the old Court house building being turned over to the
ladies of the Mesquite of said City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Griffith, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas. Nevada.

February 4th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas. Nevada held pursuant to adjournment on the above mentioned date: Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
Mayor and Members E.W. Griffith, John B. Curtiss, P.J. Sullivan, and E.E. Smith. with the Clerk
and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the question of over-hauling the old Court
House Building situated on block twenty in said City and formerly used by the County officers of
Clark County Nevada, it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith
and duly carried ordered that the City advertise for Bids on said building to be submitted to this
Board on the 10th day of February A.D. 1915 at ten o'clock P.M. of said day as per plans and specifications 

on file with the Clerk of this Board in the office of the City Clerk of said City. and it
was further ordered by the Board that the said City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to prepair
notice of said advertisement same to be inserted in the Las Vegas age and the Clark County Review
for one issue: the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith. aye,
John B. Curtiss, aye, E.E. Smith. aye, P.J. Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

Thereafter upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this Board
stand adjourned until Wednesday February 10th. A.D. 1915 at ten o'clock A.M. for the purpose of
opening said heretofore mentioned Bids. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Griffith. aye. Smith, aye. Curtiss, aye, Sullivan. and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. February 10th. A.D. 1915.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, held on the above mentioned date pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins
with Commissioners Griffith, and Sullivan with the Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the opening of Bids as heretofore advertised by the Board
the Clerk then presented to the Board the following towit:- as constituting all Bids filed in the office
of City Clark.

" Las Vegas, Nevada. Feb. 10th, 1915. To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners in and for the

City of Las Vegas. Nevada. Gentlemen:- I hereby submit a bid as follows for repairs to the City

Hall as oar specifications.	$325.00

Respectfully submitted.

Supplementary Bid:-

Same work as included in above specifications , and in addition thereto the following :—

To remove partition and putting in 12 inch beam with post under center to support roof and ceiling
$360.00	Respectfully submitted. Jas. Nimock.



  "Las Vegas. Nevada. Feb. 10th, 1915. To the Honorable Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada. Dear Sirs:— I will furnish all material and labor necessary to make alterations on
old Court house building according to plans and specifications as furnished by Architect E.W.
Griffith, for the sum of Two hundred and seventy five dollars ($275.00 Respectfully submitted:-

R.C. Dodds.
Thereafter due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the satisfaction
of the Board that the Bids of R.C. Dodds for the sum of ($275.00) is the best Bid of the bids hereto
submitted to said Board, it was upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner
Griffith and duly carried ordered that the Bid of R.C. Dodds be and the same is hereby accepted and
the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to draw up a contract between the said R.C. Dodds and
the City of Las Vegas Nevada, said contract to be signed by the Mayor of said City in the interest
of said City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith. aye.
Sullivan aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. There being no further business
before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand
adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.	

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

March 3rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the above mentioned date Present Hen. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, E.W. Griffith, J.B. Curtiss,

E.E. Smith and P.J. Sullivan Commissioners with the City Clark and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read, All claims against the City allowed except
the Claim of M.M. Riley which was rejected by the Board upon the grounds that the same was a legal
charge against the City of Las Vegas.

At this time the Cemetery Committee appeared before the Board and represented to the Board the
fact that it was necessary that some kind of a building be constructed upon the cemetery property
in said City whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of
Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried ordered that the plans
and specifications be drawn for said building and that the City Attorney be instructed to draw
Notice to contractors asking for bids on said building to be submitted to this Board on the 15th
day of March at 8:30 A.M. of said when all bids will be opened as per plans and specifications
on file with the Clerk of this Board, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit :-
Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye , and his honor the Mayor.

W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board An Ordinance to amend section eight (8) of Ordinance
No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled an Ordinance Fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las
Vegas, regulating building Construction and the keeping and storage of Combustibles and explosives,
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that an
emergency exists relative to said ordinance it was upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and sec-
onded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that this ordinance be passed as an
emergency ordinance as appears more fully in Ordinance Book number one of said City under Ordinance
No. 59 of said City:- the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Smith,
aye, Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read an ordinance before the Board to amend Section one of ordinance No. 57
of the City of Las Vegas entitled an Ordinance to amend Section seven of Ordinance No. 33, entitled
an Ordinance regulating the distribution of Intoxicating liquors and regulating places where
liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses and repealing Ordi-
nance No. 3, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, and introducing a
new section therein; for the first reading before the Board whereupon motion of Commissioner

Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that this
Ordinance be laid over for the second reading of the Board; the vote on said resolution be as
follows towit:— Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Harkins voting aye.

The Matter of granting permission to the Mesquite Club of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to use
and occupy for library and club purposes the building situated in block 20 of Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, Clark County Nevada, belonging to said City and heretofore used for County and Municipal
purposes coming on before the Board to be determined, Upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded
by Commissioner Griffith the following resolution was adopted, Resolved that permission be and the
same is hereby granted the Mesquite club of Las Vegas, Nevada, to use that certain building, situated
on block 20 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of establishing a
free public library and also as a club room of the Mesquite club. Said permission is granted subject
to the following rules, reservation and restrictions.

(1)	The right to the use of said building shall extend only during the pleasurer of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; and it is distinctly understood that the
said Board may revoke said permission at any time and without notice.

(2)	The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves for the use of the City that
certain room formerly used by the Clerk of Clark County, Nevada, and being the North east room of
said building.

(3)	The said Mesquite club shall make rules and regulations governing the said library ; appoint
a board to manage the same and who shall have charge and control of the building; Said rules and
regulations to be approved by the Board of City Commissioners and said Board appointed to manage the
said library and have charge and control of the building, must meet the approval of the said Board
of City Commissioners.

(4)	The City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall not be held liable for any debts incurred by the said
manageing board to be appointed hereinafter , nor for any repairs, alternations or changes made
upon the building.

(5)	No alternations, or changes shall be made in the building without first having obtained the
written consent of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith , aye,
Sullivan , aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the deed to said City for three acres of land
below the sceptic tank in said City to be used for dumping ground purposes whereupon it appearing
to the satisfaction of the Board upon the approval of the City Attorney that said deed and title
to said ground is clear it was upon motion of commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner
Griffith and duly carried ordered that said deed be accepted and the City Clerk is hereby is
instructed to have said deed placed on record to draw his warrant in favor of said Las Vegas land
and water Company for the sum of $ 75.00 as payment for said tract of land. the vote on said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan
aye and his honor the Mayer W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The next business considered by the Board was the calling of an election to be held for the
purpose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners. Thereupon after a discussion of the matter, and
upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss, the following Resolution
was duly adopted viz:- Resolved, that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held
at the City Hall in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on the 4th day of May, 1915, for the
election of a Mayer and four Commissioners; that the polls be opened at 8 o'clock A.M. and close at 6' 'clock
.M. on said day, and that Geo. Swadner , William Lauberheimer and Frank Doherty be and they are hereby
appointed as Inspector of said election to conduct the same in accordance with laws of the State of
Nevada governing elections.

Be it further resolved, that no candidate for office at such election shall be entitled to have
his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate shall, at least ten days before
the date of such election, file in the office of the City Clark of the City of Las Vegas a certificate 

of nomination in writing, containing the name of the person nominated, Such certificate shall
be signed and verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein
possesses the qualifications as required by the City Charter. All provisions of the law relating
to general elections so far as the same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the
provisions of the City Charter shall be observed in conduct of such election.

Be it further resolved, that the Mayer of said City be and is hereby authorized and directed
to issue a Proclamation giving notice of the holding of such election , such proclamation to
contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary or required to fully
and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas of the date, time place of
holding such election, the purpose thereof, the conditions under which the same is held, the name
of the Inspectors of such election, and such other matters as may be deemed proper in the premises.

Be it further resolved that such proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Age for a period
of at least four weeks from the date of said election, and printed copies of such Proclamation be
posted by the City Clerk in three public places in said City for the same period of time.

Be it further resolved that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed to have
the official ballots prepaired and to do and perform all such acts and give such notices as may
be necessary or required of him in order that said election may be called and held, and the qualified
voters may have notice thereof. as required by the laws of the State of Nevada governing elections
as required by the provisions of the City Charter and this resolution. the vote on said resolution being 

as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the 15th day of March at 8:30 A.M. of said day
when said Board ill meet for the purpose of considering bids on cemetery building as heretofore
considered . the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye,
Curtiss, aye, Smith, aye, Sullivan aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the question of reducing the Tax rate of said City coming on before the Board

and the Board having heretofore fixed said rate at seventy cents (70) on each one hundred dollars



worth of taxable property situated within the City limits of said City and it appearing to the Board
that the Nevada Tax Commission had ordered the rate changed and in the judgement of this Board
it is found that sixty cents (60) is sufficient it is there for Ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Curtiss and seconded by Commissioners Smith and duly carried ordered that said rate be and the same
is hereby reduced from seventy cents (70) on each one hundred dollars worth of property in said
City to sixty cents (60) on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property in said City to be
distributed amongst the various funds as follows towit:-	

Total Valuation of said City $1,077,226,75 dollars @ sixty cents (60) gives                    $6,463,36:
General fund of said City six cents on each one hundred dollars	646,34

Street fund of said City six cents on each one hundred dollars	1,723.56

Cemetery fund of said City six cents on each one hundred dollars	107,72

Sewer sinking fund of said City at 14 cents on each one hundred dollars	1,508,12

Sewer Bond interest fund of said City at cents on one hundred dollars                                2,477.62

Total	$6,463,36

1/4 of total amount of licensee collected to be placed in Fire and Police fund of said City.

of total amount of licensess collected to be placed in Salary of said City.

1/4 of total amount of licenses collected to be placed in light fund of said City.

the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Smith, aye, Sullivan , aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins voting aye.


Office of the City Clerk Clark County
Nevada.	March 15th, 1915.

This being the time set by the Board for the adjourned meeting of said Board as per resolution
adopted at the last regular meeting of the Board, and there not being a quorum present to carry
on said meeting as by law provided, nothing was done at this time and it was ordered by the
Mayor that all business go over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas Nevada.

April 7th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on on the above mentioned date present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
E.W. Griffith, J.B. Curtiss, P.J. Sullivan, and E.E. Smith with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read by the Board.

Reports of office read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as appears more fully from Claim book
on file with the Clerk of said Board.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board for the second reading an Ordinance Numbered No.
60 of said City relating to amende Section one of Ordinance No. 57, of the City of Las Vegas
entitled an Ordinance to amend section seven of Ordinance No. 33, entitled an ordinance regulating
places where liquors are sold or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses and
repealing ordinance No. 3, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith , and
introducing a new section therein, as appears more fully in ordinance Book number one of said
City and known as ordinance No. 60 of said City. where upon motion of Commissioner Smith and
seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be and
the same is hereby passed, the vote upon aid ordinance being as follows towit:- Commissioner
Griffith, aye, Curtiss, No. Sullivan, aye, Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

At this time Chas. E. McCarthy a Surveyor presented to the Board a map of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada with the official numbering on the same of all house numbers within the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion
of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said
map be and the same is hereby approved as by ordinance heretofore passed by this Board and that
the City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to have official notice of the filing of said map and
the approval of the same published for a period of two weeks in the Las Vegas Age of said City
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan aye, Smith aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk then proceeded to open bids as advertised for by said City for the
construction of a concrete building upon the Cemetery ground in said City, whereupon it was found
that the following bids had been filed towit:- J.A. Delemeter in the sum of ($625.00) Six hundred
and twenty five dollars, and Geo. Swadner in the sum of $(574.50) Five hundred and seventy four
dollars and fifty cents, as per plans and specifications on file with the Clerk of this Board
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried it was ordered that the bid of Geo.
Swadner be and the same is hereby accepted in the sum of ($574.50) his bid being found satisfactory
to said Board, it was further ordered by the Board that the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed
to draw contract with said Geo. Swadner on behalf of said City setting forth the fact that said
building must be completed within sixty days from date, and that he said Geo. Swadner be required
to furnish a bond in the sum of fifty per cent of said contract for the completion of said building.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye,
Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of declaring a clean up day for the City coming on before the Board it was upon
motion of Commissioner Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that
a certain day be and the same is hereby set aside for clean up day in said City and that the Mayor
be and is hereby instructed to issue proclamation to that effect said date and day be be determined
upon by the City Attorney of said City, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioner Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Police Commissioner E.E. Smith filed a report of City Marshall John Fagan where
in certain charges were made against one C.A. Haller, a retail liquor Dealer within the City of
Las Vegas, charging said C.A. Haller of violating Ordinance No. 33 and more particularly charging
said Haller of violating said ordinance by keeping his place of business open after closing hours
Whereupon after due consideration of the matter it was upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried ordered that the said C.A. Haller be cited to
appear before the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas on the 13th day of April 1915
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. of said day to show cause whi his, the said C.A. Haller, permit to cond-
uct a retail liquor business heretofore granted by the said Board of Commissioners should not be
revised for the alleged violations, and it is further ordered that the Clerk of said City notify
forthwith said C.A. Haller of the above proceedings and serve upon him the said C.A. Haller a
written notice of the time and place of the hearing to be had upon mid charges. the vote being
as follows towit, Commissioners, Griffith, Curtiss, Sullivan, Smith and the mayor voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss

and seconded by Commissioner Griffith and duly carried order d that this Board stand adjourned
until the 13th day of April at 7:30 P.M. of said. the vote upon said resolution being as follows
to towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Griffith, aye, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held pursuant to adjournment present Non. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, J.B. Curtiss, E.W. Griffith
P.J. Sullivan, and E.E. Smith Commissioners, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the question of finishing and improving certain streets in the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, and it appearing to the Board that there is not enough money in the street fund
of said City, and that by transferring certain monies from the salary fund of the City that
said City will then be able to finish said work it was upon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by Commissioner Smith it is ordered that the sum of One thousand dollars ($1,000,00)
be and the same is hereby transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the Street fund of
said City for the purpose of paying said claims and indebtedness which are to be contracted
on said City street work, and it is further ordered that the said sum of One thousand dollars
so transferred from said Salary fund be transferred back to said Salary fund out of the first
available money legally apportioned or to be apportioned by the City.
This being the time set for the hearing in the matter of the charges heretofore filed against
C.A. Haller for violating Ordinance No. 33. of said City of Las Vegas Nevada, and also being the
time set for the said C.A. Haller to appear before said Board of Commissioners to show cause why
his permit to conduct a retail liquor business should not be revoked, and the City Clerk having
notified the Board that the notice heretofore ordered to be made and served, upon the said Haller
was duly served on the 9th day of April 1915 and the said Board after hearing the proofs and evidence
of the violation of the said Ordinance and after hearing the statement of the said C.A. Haller
then and there being present, upon motion of Commissioner Curtiss and seconded by Commissioner
Griffith and duly carried resolved: It satisfactorly appearing to the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, after hearing all the evidence and proofs adduced and after hearing
the statement of C.A. Haller, that the charges heretofore filed against the said Haller,
for Violating Ordinance No, 33 are true and that the said violations were
committed by the said C.A. Haller, it is hereby ordered that the Permit heretofore granted to
the said Haller to conduct a retail liquor business in the City of Las Vegas, be and the same
is hereby revoked, And the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas is hereby Ordered to notify
the said C.A. Haller forthwith of the said revocation. the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:— Commissioners Griffith, aye, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan No. Smith aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

May 5th A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the above mentioned date Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
Curtiss and Sullivan, it appearing at this time that it would be advisable for said Board to
adjourn until some future date it was upon motion being duly made and carried that this Board
stand adjourned until Tuesday evening May 11th, A.D. 1915. at seven o'clock P.M.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 11th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the above mentioned date
pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E . Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Curtiss, aye.
Sullivan, aye, and Smith. with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Mr Riley appeared before the Board on behalf of the Chamber of Commerce rega-
rding the road south of town setting forth the facts to the Board that said road was not on
the section lines and advising that the Board take some action in the matter relative to having
the right of way straightened out so that said City would have an legal right of way over said
road, whereupon being duly made and carried it was ordered that said road matter be turned over
to the Commissioner of streets for investigation with instructions that he make an report to
the Board at its next regular meeting in June.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the application of A.H. Kramer for a retail

liquor license to conduct a saloon in the building known as the Oxford Building on first

street, H.M. Lillis appeared before the Board on behalf of said A.H. Kramer, whereupon after

through investigation on the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that under an

Ordinance passed by said Board regulating the number of saloons in said City it was found that

the Board had no legal right to issue said retail liquor license it was upon motion of Commissioner
Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried ordered that said application be
and the same is hereby rejected and not allowed, the vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time H.M. Lillis presented to the Board a petition of J.H. Ladd for permission to
lay water pipes in and through the streets and alleys of the Ladd's and Fairview Additions
to Clarks Las Vegas townsite, where upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board
it was upon motion of Commissioner Smith and duly seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly
carried ordered that said permission be and As hereby granted to the said J.H. Ladd as
prayed for in said petition, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Comm-
issioners Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

D.G. Lorenzi at this time appeared before the Board with a request for refund on license
where upon it was ordered by the Board that he put in a claim with the Clerk of this Board
and that the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to look into said matter and report
to this Board at its next meeting.

L.H. Rockwell appeared before the Board and made verable complaint regarding the building
being erected by Dave Farnsworth next to the Building where the Troy Steam Laundry is situated
claiming that said building is in violation of the Fire ordinance of said City of Las Vegas
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this matter be
referred to the Fire and Police Commissioner of said City.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition for lights on Bridger Street
between fifth and sixth streets whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board 
it was upon motion of Commissioner Sullivan and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly
carried it was order d that said petition be rejected upon the ground that the finances of
said City at this time would not permit of any additional lights being established in said
City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Curtiss, aye, Sull-
ivan aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition from the residents of the original
townsite asking the Board to construct twelve culverts over certain roads through which a certain
stream of water is flowing in said townsite, where upon after due consideration upon the part
of the Board it was ordered that four culverts be ordered put in at once and that Street Commiss-
ioner Griffith be and is hereby instructed to investigate said condition* and make report to this
Board at its next meeting as to the cost of said culverts so that the same can be considered
further by this Board, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit— Commissioners
Curtiss, aye, Sullivan, aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time as by law provided for the counting of the votes of the last municipal



election the Board proceeded to count the votes cast for Mayor and the four commissioners and

found the following result towit:-

	For Mayor.

W.E. Hawkins	407

John L. Bussell	231

For Commissioner First Class.

W.H. Elwell	317

Floyd Francis		86

E.W. Griffith	231

For Commissioner second class

N.J. Gildner	209

'O.D. Hicks	316

J.G. Larvey	106

For Commissioner Third class

C.P. Ball	331

John B. Curtiss	168

James L. Pollock	132

For Commissioner Fourth Class

James Kelly	89

Frank E. Matzdorf	277

E.E. Smith	262

Whereupon Motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Curtiss and duly carried

it was ordered by the Board that the Clerk of this Board be and is hereby instructed to issue

certificates of election to the above named candidates receiving the highest number of votes

as shown by the official returns of said election the vote on said resolution being as follows

towit:- Commissioners, Curtiss, aye, Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.

Hawkins voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 3rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 2nd, day of June A.D. 1915. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, Commissioners
Griffith, aye, Sullivan aye, and Smith, Commissioner Curtiss being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book except the Claim

of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company for $46.00 for rent of Oil wagon which was apposed by

Commissioner Griffith upon the grounds that the same was an exorbitant charge, where it was ordered

that this claim be laid over until the same could be investigated by Commissioner Griffith.



At this time Commissioner Griffith reported to the Board that the line of road south of town connecting
up with with the highway through Clark County had been moved over and that said fence had also
been reconstructed as ordered by the Board and that every part of said road completed except a small
amount of work, and that the only thing left undone was the deeds from Peter Buol to the City which
had been promised by said Peter Buol whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered
that the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to procure said deeds for said City of Las
Vegas Nevada.

At this time upon motion being first duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of
$600.00 be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the
Street fund of said City.

It was further ordered upon motion being first duly made and carried ordered that the sum
of $125.00 be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City to the
Cemetery fund of said City.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Smith reported to the Board his findings of the
building reported last meeting to have been built by the Troy Laundry of said City as to the same
not being up to the fire ordinance of said City, whereupon motion of Commissioner Griffith and
seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried it was ordered that the owner of said building
be and is hereby ordered and directed to comply with said fire ordinance of said City of Las Vegas
Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Griffith, aye,

Sullivan aye, Smith, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

At this time Commissioner of Streets E.W. Griffith reported to the Board that he had constructed
five culverts in the original townsite of Las Vegas Nevada as per instructions of said Board at
its last regular meeting, and that he was of the opinion that the allowing of running water through
said streets and alleys was dangerous to the public safety of said City, and that some action should
be taken to safe guard the publics from such conditions where upon it was ordered that this matter
go over for the consideration of the new Board of City Commissioners.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioner
Griffith and seconded by Commissioner Sullivan and duly carried ordered that this Board stand
adjourned seni die.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 2nd, A.D. 1915.

This being the time set by law for the newly elected members of the Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas Nevada to take office and their official bonds and oaths of office having

been duly filed and approved by the Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County

Nevada as by lam provided and the newly elected Mayor and Commissioners having taken there oath

of office as by law provided : the Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. W.H. Elwell, F.E. Matzdorf, C.P. Ball

and O.D. Hicks Commissioners elected being present his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins than called the

Board together then proceeded with the first business of the day, Whereupon motion of Commissioner
O.D. Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered that all appointive
office in and for said City be and the same is hereby declared vacant, the vote upon said resolution 

being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

The next matter coming on before the Board was the appointment of a City Clerk whereupon
the names of E.H. Hunting and Harley A. Harmon were presented to the Board for there consideration
where upon the Board proceeded to vote upon the application of E.H. Hunting first as follows towit:—
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, C.P. Ball No. O.D. Hicks, No. and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting No. the application of E.H. Hunting having been rejected the Board then
proceeded to vote upon the application of Harley A. Harmon as follows towit:- Commissioners
Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
where upon it was ordered by the Board that Harley A. Harmon be and is hereby appointed to the
office of City Clerk in and for said City of Las Vegas Nevada at a salary of $40.00 per month and
that he make and file a bond in the sum of $2,500.00 and his oath of Office to be approved by
this Board.

Harley A. Harmon the newly elected and appointed City Clerk in and for the City of Las

Vegas Nevada having field his official Bond and oath of Office in the sum of $2,500.00 with

Roy T. Lockett and F.A. Clark as sureties in the sum of $2,500.00 and the same having been approved



by the Board the said Harley A. Harmon then proceed to take up his duties as City Clerk and Clerk of
the Board of City Commissioners.

The next matter to come on before the Board was the appointment by the Mayor of the Various
Commissioners to there various departments as follows towit:— Commissioner W.H. Elwell was
appointed to the department of Light and Sewer and Water, F.E. Matzdorf was duly appointed to
the department of Police and Fire Commissioner, C.P. Ball was duly appointed to the department
of Streets and Public Property, O.D. Hicks was appointed to the department of Finance and Revenue.

The question of electing a Mayor. Protem coming on before the Board it was upon motion of
Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that O.D. Hicks
be and is hereby elected to the office of Mayor Protem, the vote being as follows towit:- 
Commissioner Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye. Noes None.

The question of the appointing of a City Attorney coming on before the Board it was upon
motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that
Henry M. Lillis be and is hereby appointed to the office of City Attorney in and for the City of
Las Vegas Nevada at a salary not to exceed the sum of $50.00 per month upon his filing a good and
sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and taking his official oath of office, the vote being as
follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

The question of appointing a municipal judge coming on before the Board it was upon motion
of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell ordered that W.H. Hawkins be and is
hereby appointed to the office of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
salary of $35.00 per month upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and
taking his oath of office, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, Matzdorf,

Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Police and Fire Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf notified the Board that he had appointed
Lee P. Barker as Night Marshall in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada recommending that hie salary
be fixed at the sum of $125.00 per month , upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that 
said appointment be approved and that he file his bond in the sum of $1,00.00 and take the oath of
Office, and that the salary of said office be fixed at $125.00 per month.

Commissioner Elwell thereupon recommended the appointment of James Nimock as sewer Inspector
in and for said City whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell
and duly carried it was ordered that James Nimock be and is hereby appointed Sewer Inspector of the
City of Las Vegas, at the salary fixed by Ordinance No. 41, adopted at the meeting viz:- to be paid
monthly and amount equal to the fees collected under said ordinance during each of said months, and
that said amount shall be in full compensation for all service* rendered, the vote was cast as
follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf. aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the City Clerk presented to the Board the application of John W. Horden and
Fred A Pearce for transfer of retail liquor license by John W. Horden of his retail liquor saloon
situated in the Building known as the Las Vegas Hotel on Fremont street in said City to Fred Pearce
of said City whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the
Board that the said Fred Pearce is a fit and proper person to have issued to him a retail liquor
license it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly
carried ordered that said application for transfer be and the same is hereby granted to the Fred
Pearce as by ordinance provided.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of Fred Pearce and Henry Squires for
transfer of retail liquor license by Fred Pearce of his retail liquor saloon license situated
in the building known as the Squires Hotel on First street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, where-
upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that the
said Henry Squires is a fit and proper person to have issued to him a retail liquor license it
was upon motion of Commissioners Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried
ordered that said application for transfer be and the same is hereby granted to the said Henry
Squires an by ordinance provided.

At this time Martin and Pollard filed with the Board a request for permit to construct and
maintain a telephone and electric light line for private use from the power house of the Consolidated 

Power and telephone Company on Main street in said City to the City limits on said street
where upon after due consideration it was ordered by the Board that this matter be referred to
the City Attorney of said City and that he make report of the same to this Board at its next regular
meeting in July. 1915.

The Mayor then called the attention of the Board to the fact that there was three vacancies
now existing on the Cemetery Committee of said City, and that it would be necessary at this time
to fill said vacancies, whereupon it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by
Commissioner and duly carried it was ordered that Mrs C.L. Connelly and Mrs Helen J. Stewart be
and they are hereby appointed to fill the said vacancy for the term of three years, and it was
further ordered upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly
carried ordered that Mrs John Lause be and she is hereby appointed to fill the vacancy of Mrs
Arthur Long for the term of one year, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell
aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the bonds of the newly appointed office of

said City H.M. Lillis, the newly appointed City Attorney with John S. Weisner and Ed. Von Tobel
as sureties in the penal sum of one thousand dollars, W.H. Hawkins the newly appointed Municipal
Judge of said City with Roy. W. Martin and E.W. Griffith in the penal sum of one thousand dollars
Lee P. Barker the newly appointed Night Marshall with W.G. Morse and W.H. Pike as sureties in
the sum of one thousand dollars whereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner
Hicks and duly carried it was ordered that said bonds be and the same is hereby approved.

The Mayor then called the attention of the Board to the fact that when letting the contract
for the building of the building for the section on the cemetery ground the question of painting
the roof of said building was overlooked, whereupon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered that said building be painted but that the
cost of the same is not to exceed the sum of ten dollars, the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until its next regular meeting.

Office of City Clark Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 7th, 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board Of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell, C.P. Ball, and
O.D. Hicks. with the Clerk and City Attorney present.

At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of $50.00
be and the same is hereby transferred from the General fund of the City to the Cemetery fund of said
City.

At this time the presented to the Board the reports of officers and Claims against the
of Las Vegas Nevada, all reports approved. All claims against the City allowed as per claim
book on file with the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition signed by twenty five business



house in said City requesting that the license ordinance be repealed so far as the same concerns all lines
of business other than ordinance No. 33, governing the licenses of saloons in said City whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over
until the next meeting of the Board.

The Clerk then presented to the Board An ordinance to amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance
No. Twenty seven (27) entitled " An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas,
regulating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and Explosives." which
was read before the Board for the first time and after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried
ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading, the vote on said resolution being as
follows towit:- Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board a petition from J.H. Ladd requesting to the Board to
put in three more street lights on Fremont street one at ninth street, tenth street, and eleventh
street, where upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that said
petition be and the same is hereby laid over until the next meeting of the Board.

The City Attorney then made an written report to the Board regarding the petition of M. Pollard
for permission to erect a electric light and telephone line from the power house of the Consolidate

light and Power Company on Main street to end City limits on the Goodsprings road, and advised the

the Board that the said Pollard had made arrangements to have the said power Company build said line



instead of him self and recommended to the Board that such being the case that they reject said petition
whereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was
ordered that said petition be and the same is hereby rejected and denied. the vote on said resolution
be as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Las Vegas Voluntary Fire Departments petition requesting the City of Las Vegas for the right
and privilege to use fifth street from Bonneville to Fremont street for the purpose of holding there
labor day horse racing and having said City put said street in order was then read before the Board
whereupon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was
that said request be and the same is hereby granted and that the said matter be turned over to Street
Commissioner C.P. Ball, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye. Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read before the Board a petition from C.F. Watson the Cemetery Sexton asking
for an increase in salary as said Cemetery Sexton whereupon after due consideration upon the part
of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the next meeting of the Board.

The City Attorney was authorized to prepare a notice for the fire Marshal governing the fire
Ordinances in said City and the City Clerk is hereby authorized to have the same printed.

The Dog ordinance was then discussed by the Board and it was ordered that this matter be taken
up at the next regular meeting of the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried the City
Clerk was ordered and directed to have all City printing in the future done at the office of the
Clark County Review, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf
aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of having an adjourned meeting of the Board for the purpose of taking up any and
all matters relating to said City and especially the yearly Budget coming on before the Board it
was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered
that this Board stand adjourned until the next Tuesday in this month which will be July 13th 1915.
at nine o'clock A.M. of said day, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner
Matzdorf aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 13th. A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 13th day of July A.D. 1915.

pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. Commissioners Elwell, Ball and Hicks present

with the Clerk and City Attorney. F.E. Matzdorf Commissioner being absent.



The question of letting the band boys have the use of the room in the old City Hall formerly occupied by the
Clerks office for practice purposes coming on before the Board, it was moved and seconded and duly
carried ordered that they be granted use of said building or room to practice in, with the underst-
anding that they keep the same in a clean and orderly manner so that the same can be used for other
civic bodies, but it is under stood that this permission is subject to revocation at any time by the
Board of City Commissioners of said City.

The petition heretofore filed by the merchants of said City requesting that all merchant license

be taken off of said City coming on before the Board for there consideration and it appearing to

the Board that it would be for the best interest of said City to remove said license tax it was upon

motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball and dully carried and ordered that

said license ordinance be and the same is amended so that the same will not be in force on and after the first
day of January A.D. 1916, and the City Attorney is hereby instructed and ordered to prepare an
ordinance to that effect same to go in effect upon and after the first day of January 1916., said
ordinance to not include the special retail liquor ordinance now in force and effect, the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner Elwell, No. Ball yes. Hicks, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board an affidavit from the City Cemetery Board
recommending the raise of salary of the Cemetery sexton from $35.00 per month to $50.00 per month
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the salary of the Cemetery
sexton be and the same is hereby raised to the sum of $50.00 per month to take effect August 1st
A.D. 1915 until the further order of this Board. the vote on said resolution being as follows
towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins.
voting aye.

The question of revising the salaries of the various City officers coming on before the Board
it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner Hicks
and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried order that the Salary of Municipal Judge be
reduced from $35.00 per month to $25.00 per month same to take effect in August, and that the
salary of the City Treasurer be and the same is hereby fixed at the sum of $25.00 per month and
be it further ordered that the Salary of City Clerk cut from $40.00 per month to $25.00 per
month to take effect on and after the first day of January A.D. 1916. and the salary of the City
Treasurer to remain as it is at $50.00 per month the vote on said resolution being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

The petition of James H. Ladd for street lights on the corners of Ninth, tenth, and eleventh
streets on Fremont street coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hick s
and duly seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that said petition be and the
same is hereby denied, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye.
Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk	

Las Vegas, Nevada, August 4th, 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nev,
held on the above mentioned date pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with
Commissioners Elwell, Ball and Hicks present, F.E. Matzdorf being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All reports read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of Peter Callan for a transfer
of retail liquor license heretofore issued to Guy and Elwell conducted in the building known as the
Lincoln Hotel in said City on Main street of said City, whereupon after due consideration upon
the part of the Board and it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that the said Peter Callan
is a fit and proper person to have issued to him a retail liquor license in said City of Las Vegas
Nevada, it is therefore upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and
duly carried ordered that a permit and right is hereby granted to the said Peter Callan to take over
the permit heretofore issued to the said Guy and Elwell of said City for the term as specified in
said permit namely January 1st, A.D. 1916. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:—
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
Noes. None.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a request from A.L. Smith requesting that the Board
of City Commissioner grant to him the said A.L. Smith the permission and right to sell house number
signs in said City at a nominal price and in and for said consideration the said Smith does agree
to place street signs on all the streets corners in said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Las Vegas Nev.
Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be and
the same is hereby turned over to the Commissioner of Streets and Public property to do as he sees
git and proper in the premises.

The Clerk then presented a petition to the Commissioners from J.H. Ladd of said City requesting
that three additional street lights be placed on the corner of ninth, tenth, and eleventh, street
on Fremont street in said City, and it appearing to the Board that said lights is to the benefit of
the citizens of said City it is upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell
and duly carried ordered that said street light and the same are hereby ordered erected as 
prayed for in said petition, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Fire Chief of the Las Vegas fire Department H.M. Lillis requested the Board for
the right and privilege of said Fire department in said City to use the Vault in the City Hall
building for the use of said fire Company so that they may store there uniforms and other effect.
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said right and privilege be and
the same is hereby granted to said Fire Company.

The Clerk than presented to the Board a petition from the property owners of said City situated
in what is known as the McWilliams original townsite Las Vegas Nevada requesting the Board of
City Commissioners to install and extend the sewer and water system of said City over and onto said
townsite, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the
Board that there is not sufficient funds in said City Treasurer to comply with said petition it
was ordered that said petition be and the same is hereby denied.
At this time the Clerk read before the Board Ordinance No. 61 of said City for the second read-
ing entitled:- " An Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance No. Twenty seven (27) entitled
" An ordinance fixing the Fire milits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction
and the keeping and storage of combustibles and Explosives."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:— as appears more fully
in ordinance book number one of said City entitled an ordinance No. 61 of said City, whereupon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded
by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be and the same is hereby passed
and the Clerk of this Board is instructed to have same published as by law provided. the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of making the final tax levy for the year 1915 coming on before the Board and
after due consideration upon the part of the Boars it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded 

by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered that the following be levied paid and collected
for the year 1915 for City purposes:- That the sum of Twenty four cents be levied paid and collected
for the year 1915 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated lying and being
within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines
except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be used and known as the General fund
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that An Ad Valorm tax of Thirty cents for the year



1915 be levied paid and collected on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated
lying and being within the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the next proceeds of the mines
except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the Street fund	

of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied paid and collected for the year
1915 An Ad Valorm tax of one cent on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situated
lying and being within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds
of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation such tax to be known as and used as

the Cemetery fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be collected paid and levied for the year
1915, and Ad Valorm tax of Fourteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property
situated lying and being within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net
proceeds of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation said to be known as and used as
the Sewer sinking fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied and paid for the year 1915, An

Ad Valorm tax of Eleven cents on each one hundred dollars wort of taxable property situated lying

and being within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada including the net proceeds of

the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the

Sewer Bond interest fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.



The vote on the above resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell
aye , Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried

ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada .

September 1st, 1915.

At regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the above mentioned date . Present Commissioners Elwell, Ball, Matzdorf,
and Acting Mayor and Commissioner O.D. Hicks, Mayor W.E. Hawkins Being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

The question of salary for street employees coming on before the Board, it was after
due consideration by the Board moved by Commissioner Ball and duly seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf and carried ordered that the sum of not less than three dollars be paid
to all street employees working not less than eight hours a day in and for said City of
Las Vegas.	The vote on said resolution being as follows towit:	Commissioner Matzdorf

aye, Commissioner Ball aye, Commissioner Elwell, and his Honor the Mayor acting 0.D. Hicks
aye. Noes none.

At this time Commissioner Matzdorf moved the Board which was duly seconded by Commissioner

Ball and carried ordered that the City of Las Vegas through its Board of City Commissioners

purchase a trumpet for the use of the fire chief of said city. The vote on said resolution

being as follows to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball aye, Commissioner

Elewell, and his Honor the Mayor acting 0. D. Hicks aye. Noes none.

At this time W. R. Thomas Esq. Appeared before the Board in behalf of A. H. Kramer

and represented to the Board that the said A. H. Kramer believed that he had been wronged

of his rights by the prior Board of City Commissioners when through their actions they



revoked the liquor licence of one C. A. Haller contending that at the time the said C. A. Haller's

liquor permit was revoked as provided by City ordinance No. 33 of which said Board acted upon,



and requested that this Board reconsider said action and grant to the A. H. Kramer a

retail liquor permit as he the said A. H. Kramer was the sole owner of said property.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and taking in consideration the



oral statement of the said A. H. Kramer it was upon motioned by Commissioner Ball

and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried, ordered that this matter go over until



Friday September the 3rd at 7:00 o'clock P. M when this Board will meet in adjourned session
for the consideration of said request. The vote being as follows to-wit: Commissioner
Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball aye, Commissioner Elewell, and his Honor the Mayor acting 0.

D. Hicks aye. Noes none.

At this time street Commissioner Ball called the Boards attention to the fact that under
the present conditions that it was impossible for men employed on street work to receive their
pay or money for said work only when the Board met in regular session, once a month and
moved the Board which was duly seconded by Commissioner Elewell and duly carried that this
Board meet in regular session at 7:00 o'clock P. M on each and every Friday in the month
while present street work was in progress to consider and allow all bills for street purposes.

The vote on said resolution being as follows to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye

Commissioner Ball aye, Commissioner Elewell and his Honor the Mayor acting 0. D. Hicks
aye. Noes none.

At this time the clerk presented to the Board the application of L.J. Holcomb for a
transfer of a retail liquor license permit heretofore granted to one George Corlin.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing that the said

L.J. Holcomb is a fit and proper person to have given to him a retail liquor permit to be conduct-
ed in the building commonly as Colorado Hotel situated on East side of 1st St. in said City.

It was upon motioned Commissioner Ball and seconded By Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried
ordered that said application be and the same is hereby granted as by ordinance provided. Vote on
said resolution being as follows to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball aye,

Commissioner Elewell and his Honor acting O. D. Hicks aye. Noes None.

At this time H. M. Lillis chief of the fire deportment presented the following to the
Board,

PETITION.

TO THE HONORABLE THE MAYOR AND BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

GENTLEMEN:



The undersigned the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Deportment, which is conducting the Las Vegas Labor
Day Carnival on the 6th. and 7th. days of September A. D. 1915 respectfully pray your Honorable Body
to grant said Deportment permission to hold the Hard Rock Drilling Contest at the Center Line inter-
sections of Fremont and First Street and for such purpose to erect thereon a Platform for said Con-
test. We will erect it late Sunday night Sept. 5th or early Monday Morning of Sept. 6th. and
remove it Monday Sept. 6th at noon.

We further pray your Honorable Body to grant us permission to hold running horse races on the 5th.
Street between Garcia and Fremont Streets On the 6th. day of Sept. commencing at 3 o'clock P. M.
and continuing for about two hours, and that we may cole Carson, Bridger, Lewis, Clark, Bonneville
and Gracia at their intersection with 4th Street to vehicle travel during those hours.

Further that we may have the privilege of holding two automobile races on the 7th day of Sept. 1915
One at 10:30 o'clock A. M. and one at 3:00 o'clock P. M. The race to be on and alon Main, Fremont
and 5th. Streets where improved and have permission to close intersecting Streets to travel during the
hours of racing.

And further the privilege of holding small sports such as shooting, Gallery, Duch in the Pond and
the like making all arrangements under supervision of your Honorable Body as you may direct.

Further that your Honorable Body direct the members of the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Deportment may be
sworn as special officers for those two days to preserve order, without pay or cost to the City
of Las Vegas. And your petitioners will ever pray.

Whereupon it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that said request is for the interest
and betterment of the Las Vegas Fire Department was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf seconded
by Commissioner Elewell and duly carried ordered that said request be granted. The vote on
said resolution being as follows to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball aye,

Commissioner Elewell and his Honor acting 0. D. Hicks, aye. Noes none.

The Boards attention being called to the effect that the lights in the old Court House Building
had been cut out, it was upon motioned of Commissioner Matzdorf seconded by Commissioner Ball and
duly carried ordered that said lights be installed in said building. The vote being as follows
to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball, aye, Commissioner Elewell and his Honor

action 0. D. Hicks aye. Noes none.

At this time on motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elewell and duly
carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Friday Sept. 3rd at 7:00 o'clock P. M.

The vote being as follows to-wit:	Commissioner Matzdorf aye, Commissioner Ball aye, Commissioner

Elewell and his Honor action 0. D. Hicks aye. Noes none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 3th, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of city commissioners in and for the city of Las Vegas

nevada, held on the above mentioned date pursuant to adjournment Present all members of the Board



except his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, meeting called to order by the acting Mayor protem
O.D. Hicks,

At this time there were a number of claims presented to the Board for street work which war
were approved by the Board as appears more fully from the claim book on file with the Clerk of
this Board,

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the Question of the application
of A. H. Kramer for a retail liquor license, it was upon motionbeing duly made and carried
ordered that this matter go over until such time as the Mayor W.E. Hawkins is Present.

The question of making out claims for street work and the payment of the same coming on
before the Board it was upon motion being first duly made and carried ordered that hear after
all those having claims against the City must come to the office of the City Clerk and have the
there claims sworn to as by law provided, and be checked over by the clerk of said Board withe
the time Book of the foreman of said work before said claims will be allowed by this Board.

There being no further business before this Board at this time it was upon motion being
first duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Friday September 10th
at seven 0'clock P.M. when said Board will meet to take and allow claims for street work of
said City.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

September 10th, 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 10th day of September A.D. 1915, pursuant to adjournment Present Commissioners
Hicks acting Mayor Pro Tam, and Commissioners Ball and Elwell, the Mayor W.E. Hawkins and Comm-
issioner Matzdorf being absent. UPON motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of

Five hundred dollars be transferred from the salary fund of said City to the street fund of the CITY

 				 	

At this time there being a number of claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for street

Work in said City it was upon motion being frist duly made and carried ordered that said Claims

be and the same are hereby allowed as per claims Book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

A.H. Kramer being present with his attorney W.R. THOMas for the purpose of taking up the

application of retail saloon license heretofore filed it was ordered that this matter he laid over

until the next meeting of the Board.

There being no further Business before the Board it was upon motion being first duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Friday September 17th, A.D. 1915. at seven
thirty 0'clock P.M. for the purposes of passing on claims for street work and any other matters
that may come before this Board pertaining to the interest of the City of las Vegas, Nevada.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAS VEGAS, SEPTEMBER 17th, 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ball, Elwell, Hicks, and
Matzdorf present with the Clerk and City Attorney. H.M. Lillis.

This being the time set by the Board for the passing upon claims for street work in said City it
was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of five hundred dollars be and the
same is hereby transferred from the salary fund of said City to the Street fund of said City, the
vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, Aye. Elwell, Aye. Ball Aye.
Hicks, Aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting Aye.

Thereupon the Board after due consideration assessed all claims against the City for Street work
as appears more fully from the files of said City on file with the Clerk of said City.

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the question of Passing upon the applic-
ation of A. Kramer for retail liquor license heretofore filed by the said A. Kramer, where upon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that said Board of City
Commissioner has not any jurisdiction in the matter for the reason that said license was revoked by the
former Board of City Commissioners for the violating of City ordinance, and further that said ordinance
further provides that no new licenses can be granted until the hole number of City retail liquor licenses
shall reach five in number, thereupon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf 

and duly carried it was ordered that said application be and the same is hereby denied upon the
grounds as stated above, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners, Ball
aye, Hicks, aye, Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being first duly made and carr-
ied ordered that this Board stand adjourned until September 27th, at eight 0'clock A.M. of said day
1915. to pass upon all claims for street work in said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

September 27th, 1915.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, Held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Matzdorf
and Elwell, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for allowing of claims for street work and it appearing to the
the Board that there is not sufficient funds in the street fund to pay said claims it was upon Motion
being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of Three Hundred dollars be and the same is hereby
transferred from the Light fund of said City to the Street fund of said City, and it was further ordered
that the sum of Five hundred dollars be and the same is also transferred from the Salary fund of said
City to the Street fund of said City.

Thereupon the Board allowed all claims against said street fund as appears more fully from the
claims on file and of records in the office of the City Clerk.

Thereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
the next regular meeting of said Board.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

October 6th, 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners

W.H. Elwell, F.E. Matzdorf, C.P. Ball and 0 D. Hicks present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

The question of changing the tax rate to conform with the ruling of the State Board of Tax comm-
ission coming on before the Board it was upon motion being first duly made and carried ordered that
this Board stand adjourned until October 23rd, at Eight 0'clock A.M. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

October 23rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor present with Commissioners W.H. Elwell
and O.D. Hicks being present.

This being the time set by the Board for changing of the Tax rate for the year 1915 as per order
of the State Tax commission it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board and Upon
motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the
following rate be and the same is hereby established as follows towit;

That the sum of twenty cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property within the
City limits of the City of Las vegas, Nevada be collected and paid for the year 1915 including the
net proceeds of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as
and used as the General fund of said City for the year 1915.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be Collected and paid for the year 1915. An Ad.
Valorm tax of twenty eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying
and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada except such property as is exempt from taxation
said tax to be known as and used as the Street fund of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the Year
1915.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be paid levied and Collected for the year 1915
An Ad Valorm tax of Two cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying
and being within the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, except such property as is exempt
from taxation said tax to be known and used as the Cemetery fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
for the year 1915.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied and paid for the year 1915 An Ad Valorm
tax of Twelve cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying and being
within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada including the net proceeds of the mines

except such property s is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the sewer bond

inking fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year 1915.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be paid levied and collected for the year 1915

An Ad Valorm tax of Eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying

and being within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada except such property as is exempt

from taxation such tax to be known as and used as the Sewer bond interest fund of the City of Las

Vgeas, Nevada, for the year 1915. the vote on the above resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
 Elwell, aye, Hicks, Aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioner Hicks

and duly seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned

until the next regular in November. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit;

Commissioner Elwell aye. Hicks, Aye. a d his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

November 3rd, A.D. 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 3rd, day of November A.D. 1915. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor With Commissioners
F.E. Matzdorf, C.P. Ball and O.D. Hick Present Commissioner W.H. Elwell being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this
Board.

At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried order d by the Board that the Sum of
Fifty dollars be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City to the
Cemetery fund of said City, the vote being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Hicks, aye,
Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time Fire Chief H.M. Lillis presented to the Board a copy of the proposed certificates to
be given to Voluntary members of the Las Vegas Fire Department and requested said Board for the
privilege of having same printed up in form and the use of said Fire Department whereupon Motion of
Commissioner Matzdorf and duly seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried it was ordered that
the said Fire Chief H.M. Lillis be and is hereby instructed to have said certificates printed for
use of said fire department, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor  the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

The Question of establishing bench marks in the Aarrdie addition to Clarks Las Vegas Townsite
coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner
Hicks and Duly carried ordered that the Bench Marks in the Warddie Addition as relates to Block
one in said Addition be and the same be established for the use of said City in the establishing
of official grades for sidewalks and street purposes, the vote on said resolution being as follows 
towit; Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Hicks, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance amending Ordinance No. 48 relating to
licenses in said City for the first reading , whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading of the Board in the December

1915.
At this time John A. Russell appeared before the Board and made an orally request to said Board
for permission of the socialists party to use the room in the old City Hall for meeting purposes of
said party, whereupon the Board takes the sane under advisement and after due consideration it is
upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following resolution be and the same is
hereby approved that ;whereas there has been a number of requests from different organizations of
the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the use of said room formerly occupied by the County Clerk of Clark
County Nevada, and whereas said room is now occupied by the Las Vegas Fire Department and Band and
the Mesquite Club of said City has been granted permission to establish a library in said room at
some future date it is hereby resolved that permission be and is hereby refused to any and all
organizations or societies other than is hereby ail ready granted for the use of said room, the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye,
Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor WE. Hawkins voting aye. noes. None.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 1st, 1915.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 1st day of December A.D. 1915. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor and Commissioners
Elwell, Matzdorf, Ball and Hicks.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board except the claim of Adolph Levy for the sum of $19.45 which was referred to the
Sewer Commissioners for investigation.

At this time a Committee from the Mesquite Club appeared before the Board of City Commissioners
consisting of Mrs C.P. Squires, Mrs Frank Clark and Mrs U.W. Beckley requesting the Board for
financial aid for the purpose of starting a library in said City, whereupon the Board after taking the
same under advisement lays said matter over until the next meeting of the Board with instructions
that the said matter be referred to the City attorney H.M. Lillis as to what fund if any that said
City could raise money for assisting said library and report same back to this Board at its next
regular meeting.



At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance amending an Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada relative to licenses for the second reading, whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and duly seconded by Commiss-
ioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be passed as by charter provided and
that the City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to have said ordinance printed for one issue in the
Clark County Review as appears more fully under ordinance number 62 in ordinance book one of said
City, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, No. Matzdorf
yes. Ball yes. Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following applications for renewal of retail liquor
license for the year 1916, Peter Callan situated on Main street in said City in what is known as
the Lincoln Hotel, D. Pecetto situated on Main street in what is known as the Union Hotel in said
City, Hotel Nevada Mining Company situated on Fremont and Main street in said City in what is known
as the Nevada Hotel in said City. M Pollard situated on Fremont street and Main street in said City

in what is known as the New Overland Hotel building in said City.   Fred Van Deventer situated on

Fremont street in what is known as the Northern Hotel in said City.   Fred J. Pearce situated on
Fremont street in what is known as the Las Vegas Hotel on Fremont street in said City. Robert Schaffer
situated on First street in what is known as the Charleston Hotel in said City. J.&.L. Holcomb situated
on First street in what is known as the Colorado Hotel in said City, Andy Smith was granted a
retail license to conduct a retail liquor saloon on first street in what is known as the Squires
Hotel in aid City it being shown to the Board by affidavits filed with said Board that a bonified
transfer had been made by and between Henry Squires and said Andy Smith.

It was further ordered by the Board that a retail liquor license be and the same is hereby issued
to Gragrlio and Baima to conduct a saloon on first street in block 16 of said City in what is known
as the old Turf saloon, and it was further ordered that permit be issued to Ed. Van to conduct a retail

saloon in block 16 on first street in said city in hat is known as the "00" saloon building.

It was further ordered that permit be issued to Al James to conduct a retail liquor saloon on
First street in block 16 of said City in what is known as the Arizona Club for the year 1916 in said

City.

It was further ordered that a retail liquor permit be and is hereby issued to Carl Wasserback to
conduct a retail liquor saloon in block 16 on first street in said City for the year 1916 in what
is known as the Star Saloon in said City.

It was further ordered by the Board that a wholesale liquor permit be and is hereby issued to
the Los Angeles Brewing Company, and the MaiW. Clark Fordwing Company to conduct a wholesale liquor
business in said City for the year 1916. whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board
it was upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered
that the above resolution be and the same are hereby passed and that the City Clerk be and is hereby
ordered to issued licenses to the above named parties upon there paying the regular liquor license
as by ordinance provided. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners
Elwell, aye, Matzdorf. aye, Ball aye. Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. nones none.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 5th, 1916.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the above mentioned date, present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with City Commissioners
W.H. Elwell, F.E. Matzdorf, O.D. Hicks and C.P. Ball, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed except the claim of Al. Levy for sewer work

upon the ground that the same was not a legal charge against said City, as reported to the Board

by the Sewer Commissioner. W.H. Elwell. The claim of M.M. Riley was held up pending his paying of
his City license.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that M.M. Riley had failed to pay hit

City license as by law provided and that J.H. Woodward, had also failed to pay his insurance license

whereupon motion Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried it was

Ordered by the Board that the City Clerk serve notice upon said parties that unless they payed said

license forthwith that legal action shall be taken against them for the collection of the same. the
vote being as follows, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Matzdorf, aye, Hicks, aye, and the Mayor voting aye.

At this time F.E. Matzdorf called the attention of the Board to the effect by written notice

that he had appointed Frank A. Waite as special officer during the winter months on account of the
great number of traveling hobos through the City, whereupon after due consideration upon the part
of the Board it was upon motion Commissioner Ball and duly seconded and carried by Commissioner
Elwell it was ordered that said appointment be and the same is hereby approved.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Matzdorf filed with the Board a request for permit
to build a building an lets 17 and 18 in block 18 of said City by W.J. Woodard and it appearing
from said application that said permitting building is to comply with the fire ordinance and building,
ordinance of said City it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and
duly carried ordered that said permit be issued so long as said building complies with said City
ordinance regarding buildings, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commission-
ers Ball aye, Matzdorf, aye, Hicks, aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

At this time a Committee of ladies from the Civic league appeared before the Board and notified
said Board to the effect that Dr Roy W. Martin had failed to connect up his property occupied
by the poor farm of said City, as by law provided whereupon after due consideration upon the
part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Hicks
and duly carried ordered that the City Clerk notify said Dr Roy Martin to comply with said City
ordnances regarding the connection of sewers, and to also cover up any open vaults or proves that
he may have on said premises. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

It was further ordered by the Board that the Clerk of this Board notify said ladies and members
of said Committee that they had never granted to the said Roy W. Martin any special permit to not
put in as ewer system on said premises owned and operated by him as the Clark County poor farm.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board communication from Vincent Mattucutt requesting
the	Board for permission to operate a retail liquor saloon in block 16 of said City whereupon after

due	consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and is

hereby instructed to notify said Mattecuii that under the liquor ordinance of said City it was
impossible to grant hie wish in said matter.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of fifty dollars be and

the same is hereby ordered transferred from the general fund of said City to the Cemetery fund of

said City.
Office of the City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada, February 2nd, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 2nd day of February A.D .1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, With City
Commissioners, C.P. Ball, F.E. Matzdorf, 0.D. Hicks, and W.H. Elwell.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of City Treasurer and Municipal Judge read and approved as read, no report from the
City on account of his being absent from the City.

All claims against the City were allowed and ordered paid by said Board as appears more fully
from the files on file with the Clerk of this Board, except the claim of M.B. Lawrence in the sum
$12.37 which was laid over for investigation and report by the City Clerk upon his return*

A petition from the tax payers residing and owning property abutting on the East side of Main
Street from its intersection with Stewart street to the intersection with Garcia Street was received
and read and the following resolution was adopted on the matter, " Resolved that the City Street
Commissioner be, and he is hereby ordered to make or cause to be made estimates of the expenses of
Constructing a sidewalk on the East side Side of Main street from the North line of the sidewalk
on the Stewart Street Southerly to the south Line of the Sidewalk on Garcia Street, in accordance
with the provisions and requests of the said petitioners, and providing for the cost of such
construction to he made by a special assessment to the full extent provided by Charter , and
the balance of the cost, if any to be stood and born by the City of Las Vegas Nevada and make or
cause to be made and file such plats and diagrams together with the estimated cost, with the
City Clerk for public examination. upon the vote being taken on the above resolution the following
vote was recorded. Commissioners 0.D. Hicks, aye, F.E. Matzdorf, aye, W.H. Elwell, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Commissioner C.P. Ball being absent.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was order d that the following resolution be adopted, 

Resolved " That the City Attorney be, and he is hereby ordered to draft and present at the next
Regular meeting of the Board proper Ordinances providing for the construction of a sidewalk on
the East side of Main street, in accordance with the provisions and requests of said petitioners
and providing for the cost of said construction to be made by special assessment to the full extent
providing by charter , and the balance of the cost , if any, to be stood and borne by the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote was cast for the above resolution towit:— Commissioners 0.D. Hicks aye.
F.E. Matzdorf, aye, W.H. Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Commissioner
C.P. Ball being absent and not voting.

After due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried

At this time a communication was read from the Parker Brown Auto concern of Goldfield regarding the
sale of a fire and chemical engine , and after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
duly carried and ordered that the Clerk be instructed to place said letter on file and take up with
the Reo people of Reno and other concerns the matter of fire trucks and chemicals for said City.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next meet of the Board.
that the following resolution be and the same is hereby passed "Resolved That the City Attorney



be, and he is hereby ordered to draft and present at the next regular meeting of the Board a proper Notice of
Intention of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las V gas to order improvement of Main
Street by constructing on the east side of said street from the North line of sidewalk on the
South side of Stewart Street to the south line of sidewalk , on the North side of Garcia street, in
accordance with the provisions and requests of said petitioners, and providing for the cost of said
 
the following resolution was passed as follows towit:- "Resolved That Owing to the fact that the assess
ed valuation on the property abutting on the proposed improvements is so low that 20% of said valuation
would pay but a small amount of the expenses of the said improvement and the City would be compiled to

pay the largest part of said expenses therefore the prayers of said petition is hereby denied.

On roll call the following vote was recorded. Commissioners O.D. Hicks aye, F.E. Matzdorf, aye,

W.H. Elwell aye, and hie honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. C.P. Ball not voting on account

of being absent.

The petition for construction of a sidewalk on the East side of South Sixth street from Bridger
Street to Lewis street was taken from the table and after due consideration upon the part of the Board
it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following resolution be and the same
is hereby adopted" Resolved that owing to the fact that the assessed valuation of the property
abutting on the proposed improvements is so low that 20% of said valuation would pay but a small
amount of the expenses of the said improvements and the City of Las Vegas Nevada, would have to pay the
larger part of said expenses , therefore it is ordered that said petition be and the same is hereby
denied by the Board, upon roll call the vote was cast as follows towit:- Commissioners O.D. Hicks aye.
F.E. Matzdorf, aye, W.H. Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Commissioner
C.P. Ball being absent and not voting.

The matter of auditing the City Books coming on before the Board from the date when they were

last audited by A.S. Henders on down to January 1st, A.D. 1916. was next taken up by the Board and upon

motion of Finance Commissioner O.D. Hicks was instructed to enter into a contract with W. Whitmore

a State Auditor to audit the City Books for the sum of $125.00 , upon roll call the following vote

was recorded, Commissioners O.D. Hicks aye, F.E. Matzdorf, aye, W.H. Elwell aye, and his honor the
Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Commissioner C.P. Ball being absent.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

March 1st, A.D. 1916.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 1st day of March A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor With Commissioners Elwell,
Matzdorf, Ball and his, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved by the Board.

At this time Newell Leavitt and Fellwrath appeared before the Board regarding sidewalks on Bridger

and Sixth street in said City, whereupon after due consideration by the Board by and between the
parties interested and the said City it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the next
regular meeting of the Board.

All claims against the City were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf moved the Board that the office of City
Marshall in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada be declared vacant and further that he said Fire

and Police Commissioner had removed Lee P. Barker as City Marshall in and for said City

whereupon second of Commissioner Ball duly carried it was ordered that the actions of the said

Fire and police Commissioner be approved and that the office of City Marshall be declared vacant.

the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye,

Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Fire and Police Commissioner Matzdorf reported to the Board that he appointed F.A.
Waite as Policeman in and for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a Salary of $125.00 Per month and
and moved the Board that said appointment be approved and the office of Policemen be created in said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner
Ball and duly carried it was resolved that the office of Policemen be and is hereby created in and
for the City of Las Vegas Nevada at a salary of $125.00 per month and that the appointment of F.A.
Waite as said Policemen be and the same is hereby approved upon his filing a good and sufficient bond
in the sum of One thousand dollars. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time Mrs I.C. Johnson appeared before the Board representing the Cemetery Board of City
of Las Vegas Nevada regarding the Water supply for the Cemetery of said City whereupon after due
consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that when this Board adjourns that it stand
adjourned until Wednesday evening the 8th at seven o'clock P.M. for the purpose of taking up
said water question and that all members of the Cemetery Committee are requested to be present.

This being the time as set by law for the fixing of the tax rate for the year 1916. and a full

Board being present it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board upon Motion of Commiss-

Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that the following rate be and



the same is hereby established towit:- that An ad Valorm tax in the sum of 21 cents on each one hundred worth of taxable
property situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas Nevada be and the same is hereby ordered
paid and collected for the year 1916. including the net proceeds of the mines except such property
as is exempt from taxation said tax to be know as and used as the General fund of said City of Las
Vegas, Clark County Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that their be collected and paid for the year 1916 An Ad Valorm
tax of twenty five cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying and being
within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada including the net proceeds
of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the
Street fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied collected and paid for the year 1916.
an Ad Valorm tax of ten cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying
and being with the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines
except such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be used and know as the Cemetery fund of
the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Beard that there be levied and paid for the year 1916 An Ad Valorm

tax of sixteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying and being

within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines except



such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be collected used and know as the Sewer Bond interest
fund of said City of Las Vegas Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Beard that there be levied and paid for the year 1916 An Ad Valorm tax
of Eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying and being within
the City limits of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, including the net proceeds of the mines except
such property as is exempt from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer Bond sinking
fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that the City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to make a copy
of this resolution and certify the same to the Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark
State of Nevada, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf,. aye,
Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a petition from the Committee of the Mesquite Club
requesting an allowance for the maintenance of a Public library in the sum of sixty dollars per month
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it appearing to the Board that the

City has not the necessary funds at the present time to carry on said work, and it further appearing
to the Board that it would cost the City the sum of $800.00 to $1000.00 a year to maintain said

library it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and
duly carried ordered that said request be denied upon the grounds that the funds of said City will
net permit at this time the expenditure of such amount of money, the vote upon said resolution
being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following rules and regulations governing the Cemetery
as approved by the Board of Cemetery Commissioners. " Resolved that the following rules and regulations
for the protection and Government of Woodlawn Cemetery of the City of Las Vegas be and the same are
hereby adopted;

Rule 1, All person are forbidden to gather flowers, break or injure any tree, plant or shrub,
within the limits of said Cemetery.

Rule 2, Dogs shall not be allowed within the limits of said Cemetery .

All person are hereby notified that these Cemetery grounds are devoted to the interment and repose
of the dead, and a strict observance of all that is proper in such places will be required.

Rule IV. No Vehicle shall be driven in the Cemetery faster than a walk. Teams must not be left
unfastened, while in the Cemetery and hitching teams or animals to trees is prohibited.

Rule V. Driver of Vehicles must remain on their carriages, or remain standing by their horses
heads during funeral services.

Rule VI. Lets shall be purchased from the President or from the Secretary of the Board of

Cemetery Commissioners. A complete Plat of the Cemetery showing all of the lots that are for sale

is on file in the office of each of the above named officers.



Rule VII. Paper Boxes and other unsightly articles must not be thrown on the ground within the limits
of said Cemetery. Barrels are provided at convenient places in the Cemetery for the deposit of
rubbish and other unsightly articles.

Rule VIII. In order to produce a pleasing and natural effect, and also to secure proper drainage
the grade of all paths avenues, lots and graves will be determined by the Board of Cemetery Commiss-
ioners any may be altered or changed as circumstances may require.
Rule IX. In case of the purchase of a lot and the removal thereto of a body from a single grave, the a
amount paid for the ground of the single grave will be allowed on the purchase price of the lot,
provided that the purchaser shall deed the single grave lot to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in lieu
thereof.

Rule X. All permits for burials or removal of bodies must be issued by the Board of Health as provided 

by law and in each case there must be at least four hours of daylight for opening a grave

prior to the time of the funeral. No grave shall be dug until the permit is granted and filed with the
Secretary of the Board of Cemetery Commissioners.

Rule XI. No disinterment or removal of bodies will be allowed without permission of the next of kin

of the deceased, and no removal of disinterment of bodies who died from contagious diseases will be
permitted unless so done according to the rules of the State and local Boards of Health.

Rule XII. In wet weather heavily loaded wagons will not be admitted to the Cemetery.

Rule XIII. The Board of Cemetery Commissioners shall keep a complete record of all lots sold, show-
ing the number , location, purchaser, and price paid.

Rule XVI. Erecting or maintaining any Fence or fences of whatsoever nature in said Cemetery is hereby
prohibited, for the reason that Fences in said Cemetery would materially interfere with Irrigation
and Landscape work to be done to beautify said Cemetery.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried it
was ordered that the above resolution be and the same is hereby adopted, the vote being as follows
towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the residence of the Wardide Addition presented the
the Board a petition for street lights one to be placed on the corner of sixth and Bridger street
and one to be placed in the middle of the block on sixth street between Bridger and Lewis street
whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the above petition be
granted and the Commissioner of Lights be and is hereby instructed to install said lights as prayed
for in said petition, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf
aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
1:30 P.M. of this date.

Board convened again at 1:30 P.M. present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , with commissioners Ball
Hicks, Elwell and Matzdorf with the Clerk and City Attorney present.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the report of the Special Auditor W.H. Whitmore
for approval for the Board and the same being read in full to the Board it was upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that said report be accepted and placed on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the sidewalk question on Main street
in said City, Whereupon at this time Commissioner of Streets C.P. Ball files the following estimate
with the Board of City Commissioners which was read in fully by the Clerk to the Board as follows:- 
"To the Hon. the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada. Gentlemen
In the matter of the petition from owners of property abutting on the east side of Main street from
Garces to Stewart street, praying for the construction of a sidewalk thereon, which was referred
to me at the last regular meeting of the Board, with instructions to prepare a plat showing in full
the proposed Improvement, the abutting lets, their valuation as shown by the last Tax list or assess-
ment roll for State and County Taxation, and if a Majority of the owners had signed the petition
praying for said improvement, I have investigated and respectfully report on the matter as follows
towit:— First the City Clerk informs me that he had examined the petition from the property owners

and that a Majority of the property owners in said proposed Improvement District have signed the
petition.
Second; I find upon examination of Ordinance 47. relating to grades and Sidewalk s that the sidewalk 

prayed for in the petition if constructed must be ten feet wide in the front of blocks 2&3 and five

feet wide in front of blocks 1,4,5,6,7,&8, thus making the improvement cost twice as much in front

of blocks 2&3 as it will in front of Blocks 14,5,6,7,&8. I have consulted with the City Attorney

and he advises me that he make the proposed improvement in one assessment District would make an
unjust assessment roll on the front foot rule of assessments, and on his advice I have prepared plat

and estimate on two separate Assessment District the one to be called Assessment District No. 5.
Comprising Blocks 1,4,5,6,7,&8 and the other to be Called Assessment District No. 6 Comprising blocks
No's 2&3. Which are submitted as follows, towit: Assessed Valuation will carry the cost on 20% assess-
ment .

Assessment District No. 5.

Abutting property in district to be improved.

Block No. 1, sq. ft. 400'x5'	2000.sq ft.

"	"	4	"	"	325x5	1625	"	"

"	5	"	" 282x5	1410	" "

"	"	6	"	"	325x5	1625

"	"	7	"	"	400x5	2000	"	"

"	"	8	"	"	400x5	2000	"	"

Total No. of sq. ft to pave in front of lota	10660	"	"

10660 sq ft at 14 1/2 cents per ft.	$1545.70

City to pave.

Stewart	street	75	sq.	ft.

Ogden	street	75	"	"

Carson	"	75	"	"

Lewis	"	150	"	"

Clark	"	150	"	"

Bonneville	"	150	"	"

Garces	"	75	"	"

Bridger	"	150	"	"	Total 900	sq.ft.

900sq.ft. at 14 1/2 cents per square foot	$130.00

Assessment district No. 6.

Abutting property in the District to be improved.

Block No. 2	285 x10	2850 sq. ft.

"	" 3	275 x 10	2750 "	"

Total number of sq. feet at 14 1/2 cents per square foot	$

5600 sq ft.	$812.00

City to pave'

150 sq. ft. at 14 1/2 cents per sq. ft.	$21.75

Special assessment District No 5. Estimated at	$1545.70 property

"	"	"	"	5.	"	"	130.00 City

Special assessment District No. 6	"	"	$812.00 property

"	"	"	"	6	1/8	"	21.75 City

Resp. Submitted.

C.P. Ball

Commissioner of Streets and Public property.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried
it was ordered that said estimate as prepared by the Commissioner of Streets be and the same is

hereby approved and placed on file, the vote being as follows towit:— Commissioner Matzdorf.
aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time H.M. Lillis the City Attorney presented t he following to the Board.

" In response to your order , in your resolution dividing the Main Street Sidewalk Improvement
into Two special assessment Districts, directing me to prepare and present to your Board Notices
of intention and Ordinances governing the samel hereby submit the following towit:— Notice
to improve special assessment District No. 5, by constructing a sidewalk on the East side of o
Main street therein. A Notice to improved special assessment No. 6. by constructing a sidewalk
on the east side of Main street therein. An ordinance for the improvement of special assess-
ment No. 5, by constructing a sidewalk on the east side of Main street therein. An ordinance
for the improvement of special assessment District No. 6, by constructing a sidewalk on the east

side of Main street therein.	Resp. Submitted Henry M. Lillis City Attorney. Whereupon



Motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said report be accepted and placed on file with
the Clerk of this Board.

Therefore after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissi-
oner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that the following be
adopted." In the matter of the proposed improvement of Main street by constructing a sidewalk on the
east side thereof from the inter section of Main street and Garces street northerly to Stewart Street
coming on regularly for action it was found that Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas placed
Blocks No's Two. (2) and Three (3) of Clarks Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
fire limits of said City; and Ordinance No. 47 declares that all of the sidewalks constructed in the
Fire limits shall be ten feet wide in front of the property if the lot is vacant , and fifteen feet
wide if the let has a building erected thereon, In the proposed improvement of Main street by the
Construction of a sidewalk on the east aide thereof it will be necessary to construct the said side-
walk ten feet wide in front of blocks Numbered Two (2) and three (3) and five feet wide in front of
Blocks numbered 1, 4, 5, 6, 7 & 8. It will therefore cost Double the amount of money to construct the
sidewalk in front of a lot in block 2&3 than it will in Blocks No's 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, & 8. If the Special
assessment is made on the basis of frontage then the owners of lots in Blocks 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, & 8. would
have to bear a pro tata share of the expenses of constructing the extra five feet in width of the
sidewalk required to be constructed in front of said Blocks No. Two (2) and Three (3) and make an un-
equal assessment if the District proposed to be improved was placed in one special Assessment.

Therefore be it resolved that two special assessment districts be and they are hereby created out of 
the lots , pieces or parcels of land abutting on Main street, from its intersection with Garces
Street to its intersection with Stewart Street, to be known and designated as follows towit:

Special Assessment District Number Five (5) to comprise all of the lots, pieces or parcels of land
abutting on said Main street, in blocks Numbered One (1) Four (4) Five (5) six (6) Seven (7) and
Eight (8). Special assessment District No. 6. to comprise all of the lots pieces or parcels of
land abutting on Main street, in block numbered Two (2) and Three (3). And the City attorney is
hereby directed and authorized to prepare and present to this Board Notice of Intention of this Board
to improve Main street in both of said districts as prayed for in the petition of the property owners
praying for said improvement , the vote on the above resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There upon the City Attorney presented to the Board the Notice of intention for sidewalk District
No. 5, as follows which was read to the Board in full as follows towit:— " Notice of Intention of
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada to
order improvement of Main street by constructing Cement concrete Sidewalk on the East side of said
Street. Notice is hereby given that it is the intention of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to order the following sidewalk work to be
done in said City towit:— That a cement , concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the east
side of Main street, in Clarks Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark
State of Nevada, commencing at the inter section of Main street with Garces Street and running then
Northerly along the east side of said Main street to its intersection with Stewart street, excepting
all of the lots, pieces or parcels of land contained in Blocks Numbered Two (2) and Three (3) and
lots Fourteen (14) , Fifteen (15) and sixteen (16) in block number Four (4) lots one (1) Two (2)
three (3) Four (4) and the north eighteen (18) feet of lot five (5) in block Number (5) and lots
thirteen (13) fourteen 14) and fifteen (15) in block number Six (6). Said sidewalk shall be constructed
in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance Number Forty seven (47) of the City of Las Vegas, An
Ordinance entitled " An Ordinance establishing official grades of lots, streets, alleys , avenues,
publics places, sewers and other grades in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and of the City of Las Vegas
and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other matters relating thereto," and in
accordance with the petition , plat and estimate of the cost of said work on file in the office of the
City Clerk. Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground fronting on
the east side of said Main street and abutting upon said improvement, and shall be collected by
special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon said
improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage.	The cost and expenses of said improvement 

shall include the cost of Surveys, plans, assessments, cost of construction and all fees and
compensation properly chargeable in work making such special assessments. In case the amount of any
special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent of the value of said lot or
premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation, such cost
exceeding twenty per cent shall be paid from the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

That the assessment District for said improvement shall include lots and premises within the following
boundaries towit:- Commencing at the intersection of Main street with Garces street and running thence
Northerly along the east side of Main street to its intersection with Stewart street; thence Easterly
along Stewart street to its intersection with the alley in block One (1) ; thence Southerly along said
alley through Blocks No's One (1) Two (2) Three (3) Four (4) Five (5) Six (6) Seven (7) and Eight (8)
to its intersection with Garces street; thence westerly along Garces street to the place of beginning .
excepting from said district all of the lots, pieces or parcels of land contained in blocks No's Two
(2) and three (3) lots fourteen (14) fifteen (15) and sixteen (l6) in block No four (4) lots one (1)

Two (2) three (3) Four (4) and the north eighteen feet of lot five (5) in block No (5) , and lots
Thirteen (13) Fourteen (14) and fifteen (15) in block No. 6, This notice is given in pursuance of a
resolution duly adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, at a regular meeting of said Board held on the 1st day of March A.D. 1916.

Said Board will meet to consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest
to the proposed improvement. Said meeting to be held at the office of the City Clerk on Wednesday
the 5th day of April A.D. 1916. at ten o'clock A.M. whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdrof and
seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried the above Notice of intention was duly adopted with
the following vote towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read the Notice of Intention for District No. 6. as follows towit:—

" Notice of intention of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas , in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, to order improvement of Main street by constructing cement, concrete sidewalk

on the east side of said street. Notice is hereby given that it is the intention of the Board of

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to order the

following sidewalk work to be done in the said City towit:- That a cement , concrete sidewalk shall

be constructed along the east side of Main street, in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of

Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, commencing at the intersection of Main street with

Carson street rand running thence Northerly along the east side of Main street to its intersection

with Ogden street, excepting lots one (1) four (4) Five (5) sixteen (l6) and the South fifteen (15) feet

of lot fifteen, in Block No. Two (2) and lots one (1) Two (2) Three (3) Four (4) and Five (5) in block

No. three (3). said sidewalk to be constructed in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance

number forty seven (47) of the City of Las Vegas An ordinance entitled " An Ordinance establishing

official grades of lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers and grades, in Clarks Las

Vegas Townsite and of the City of Las Vegas and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein

and other matters relating thereto" and in accordance with the petition , plat, and estimate of cost

of said work on file in the office of the City Clerk, Said work shall be done at the exclusive cost

of the owners of the ground frontage on the east side of Main street and abutting upon said improve-
ments ,and shall be collected by special assessment and shall be assessed upon the taxable lots and

premises abutting upon said improvement in proportion to their number of feet frontage. The cost
and expenses of said improvement shall include the costs of surveys, plans, assessments, cost of
construction and all fees and compensation properly chargeable in work making special assessment . In
case the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises shall exceed twenty per cent of
the value of said lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for sate and
County Taxation, such cost exceeding Twenty per cent shall be paid from the general fund of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada. That the assessment district for said improvement shall include lots and premises

within the following boundaries towit:— Commencing at the intersection of Main street with Carson
street and running thence northerly along the east side of Main street to its intersection with Ogden
street; thence Easterly along Ogden street to its intersection, with the alley in block No. Two (2)
thence southerly along said alley through Blocks No. Two (2) and three (3) to its intersection with
Carson street; thence westerly along Carson street to the place of beginning, excepting from said
District lots One (1) Four (4) Five (5) Sixteen (l6) and the south Fifteen (15) feet of lot fifteen
(15) in block No. 2 Two (2) and lota one (1) Two (2) three (3) Four (4) and Five (5) in block No.

Three (3).	This notice is give in pursuance of a resolution duly adopted by the Board of City

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a regular meeting
of said Board held on the first day of March A.D. 1916. Said Board will meet to consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest in the proposed improvement; such
meeting to be held at the office of the City Clerk on Wednesday the 5th day of April A.D. 1916. at ten
o'clock A.M. whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly
carried by the following vote towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and 
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that the Clerk and the Mayor of

said City be and are hereby instructed to have the above notice of intention to do sidewalk posted

and published and as by law provided. the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye,

Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.



At this time the City Attorney then presented to the Board a copy of ordinance for sidewalk purpose
for consideration by the Board and the same having been read in full to the Board by the Clerk thereof
it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered
that the same go over for the second reading of the Board on April 5th A.D. 1916. the vote on
said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Hicks,
aye, and hid honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday March the 8th, at seven o'clock P.M.
of said day, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye,

Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and hi* honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. noes none.

Office of the City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 8,1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, held
on the 8th day of March 1916. pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commiss-
ioners Elwell, Ball and his Hicks Commissioner Matzdorf being absent.

At this time J.A. Delameter presented to the Board a request as follows towit:— " To the Hon Mayor
and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada. Gentlemen the undersigned being engaged in
the erection and construction of a concrete addition to Boggs Brothers one story brick building on
the rear of lot 18 in block No. 2. in the City of Las Vegas hereby makes application for a permit
to use a portion of the alley in the rear of said building during the construction of said addition
for the handling of material during said construction for a period of twenty days from date; and if

this permission is granted I will faithfully and promptly keep the lights burning at the hours and in
the manner required by ordinance No. 40. of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.	J.A. Delemater.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said request be and the same
is hereby granted, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye,

Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Ladies of the Cemetery Commission appeared before the Board and took up the matter
of getting water for the Cemetery in said City, whereupon after due and general discussion upon the
part of the Ladies of said Commission and the members of the Board it was ordered that this matter
be laid over until the 18th of this month at ten o'clock A.M. of said day when this Board would
adjourn and take up the matter more fully with the said ladies of said Commission, in the mean time
it would give the Board an chance to look into the question more fully.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and
duly seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
Saturday the 18th day of March A.D. 1916. at ten o'clock A.M. of said day. the vote on said resolution 

being as follows towit:- Commissioner Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 11th, 1916.

At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, by the Mayor of said City, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. With commissioners Matzdorf,

Elwell, Ball and Hicks present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk read in full the call as issued by the Mayor W.E. Hawkins .

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.	Las Vegas, Nev, March 9th, 16.

You are hereby notified that I have called a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held on the 11th day of March A.D. 1916 at ten o'clock A.M.

of said day in the office of the City Clerk , for the purpose of considering and the passing of an

emergency ordinance relative to the muzzling and keeping of all dogs within the said City of Las

Vegas, Nevada, from off the streets of said City.

And you are hereby directed to give no tice to each member of said Board of the time and place

and object of said meeting.

Dated this 9th day of March A.D. 1916.	W.E. Hawkins

Mayor of said City.

Thereupon the Clerk read the call as sent out by him to each of said members of said Board as follows
towit:— Messers. F.E. Matzdorf, W.H Elwell, C.P. Ball and O.D. Hicks.

Las Vegas, Nevada. March 9th, 1916.

Dear Sirs:-

This is to notify you that there will be a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to be held on the 11th day of March A.D. 1916, at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M. as issued by the Mayor of said City for the purpose of taking up and passing an ordinance
relative to the muzzling and keeping of all dogs off of the City streets in the said City of Las Vegas
Nevada.

Your earnestly requested to be present on said date and hour as this is a matter of great
importance do to the development of " Rabies" in our midst. the above notice is issued upon special

request of the Mayor of said City.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto at my hand and seal of the City this 9th day of March

A.D. 1916.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

The Board than took up the question of rabies existing in the City of Las Vegas Nevada, that
the object for said special meeting of the Board, thereupon after due consideration upon the part of the
Board and it appearing to the Board that an emergency exists in said City and in as much as there is
no ordinance of said City prohibiting dogs from running at large within the limits of the City of
Las Vegas and requiring each dog to wear a muzzle an emergency is declared to exist and ordinance
No. 63 is passed as an emergency ordinance upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by
Commissioner Ball and duly carried as appears more fully in ordinance Book number one under ordinance

No. 63, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell
aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clark presented to the Board the following affidavit of the City Policemen of
said City F.A. Waite. " To his honor the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Gentlemen ; Pursuant to your inquiry relative to an alleged Assault and Battery committed by one
Samuel Hathway upon the person of one Al Conrad, in the star saloon at or about Five minutes past
12 O'clock A.M. March 10th will report as follows towit:- State of Nevada, County of Clark, SS.
Personally appeared before me F.A. Waite, who being first duly sworn, on oath , deposes and says
That he is a citizen of the United States of America, and a citizen of the State of Nevada, That he is
a duly Appointed, Qualified and acting Policemen in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,; that he
was appointed, qualified and entered upon the duties of said office on the 23rd day of February 1916;

That one Carl Wasserbach is the reputed owner and proprietor of the star Saloon, situate on lot 5,
in block 16 in Clark Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of Nevada.

That within his knowledge and information and belief a crime was committed in said Star Saloon
at about Five minutes past 12 O'clock A M. March 10th, 1916; That said crime consisted of an assault
and battery made by one Samuel Hathway of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
upon the person of one Al Conrad as followstowit:— That the said Samuel Hathway did then and there
assault, strike and bat, with an Bar towit:- A stove poker, the person of the said Al C. Conrad and
inflict great bodily injury upon the person of the said Al C. Conrad; that the said Carl Wasserbach
and his employees did not notify him, the said F.A. Waite, that a crime had been committed in the said
Star saloon, at the time it was committed or at all; that it was 1-15 O'clock A.M. on the lOth day

of March 1916 when the said F.A. Waite was notified that a crime was Committed; That he was notified 
that the crime was committed by one Joe Conrad; That from the hour of 12—05 O'clock A.M. that the time

the crime was committed until 1-15 O'clock A.M. of the same day the said Samuel Hathway had time to

escape; That when he was notified that the crime was committed he went to the said Star saloon and

found there the said Al C. Conrad, who had been assaulted, by the said Hathway; That he also found

Dr Roy W. Martin in attendance upon the said Al C. Conrad, and dressing his wounds; that he notified

the Sheriff's office that the crime had been committed; that the Sheriff, Sam Gay and his Deputy Joe

Keate came immediately and they and this affiant worked all of night on the case and since but without

effecting a capture of the said Samuel Hathway the alleged assailant of the said Al C. Conrad.

F.A. Waite , City Policemen

SEAL) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 11th day of March A.D. 1916.

Henry M. Lillis, Notary Public.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the City
Clerk be and is hereby instructed to notify the said Carl Wasserbach to appear before said Board on
Saturday the 18th day of March at ten o'clock A.M. to show cause why his the said Carl Wasserbach
license should not be revoked or suspended, Motion by Commission Ball seconded by Commissioner Matztdorf

and duly carried by the following vote towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Boars it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Saturday March 18th at ten o'clock. A.M. of said day.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 18th, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment Present

Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell, Ball, and his Hicks. with

the Clerk and City Attorney being present., and the members of the Cemetery Committee.

This being the time set by the Board for the meeting with the members of the Cemetery Committee

relative to getting water for the Cemetery of said City, and the members of said Cemetery Board being
present in a body before the Board, the Board then proceeded to take up said water question, whereupon
at this time the Mayor W.E. Hawkins reported to the Board that he had taken the matter of water
up with the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and reported that it would be impossible to get water
from said Company, At this time the ladies of the Cemetery Committee than reported to the Board that
they had been informed that they could get water from the Russell well in old town, for the sum of
$30.00 for the season thereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that

this proposition be excepted and that the City Attorney be instructed to enter into and prepair the
necessary contract in said matter.

At this time the Cemetery Committee reported to the Board that W.D. Watson the regular appointed
sexton of the Cemetery had served notice upon them that he intended to resign on the 22nd day of March
and further that he the said Watson had certain tools and implements as well as other material on the
ground belonging to him and that he would sell the same to the City at a reasonable price, where upon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the resignation of said sexton 
W.D. Watson be and the same is hereby accepted to take effect March 22nd 1916, and further that the
Cemetery Committee be and is hereby instructed to purchase any and all supplies belonging to said
W.D. Watson that will be of a benefit to said Cemetery and present his Bill for the same to this Board.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, and
Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the members of the Cemetery Committee then presented to the Board the proposal
of W.I. Roberts of said City to act as Sexton for Cemetery of Las Vegas, Nevada, and it appearing to
the Board that the Cemetery Committee is satisfied in every respect with said proposal of W.I. Roberts
to act as said sexton for said City at the sum of $50.00 per month, it was upon motion of Commissioner
Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the proposal of W.I. Roberts
be and the same is hereby accepted and further that the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to
draw up a contract embodying all of the rules and agreements of said proposal between the said Cemetery
Board and the said W.I. Roberts, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing the order heretofore issued by said
Board for the appearance of Carl Wasserbach to show cause why his license should not be revoked, and the
said Carl Wasserbach and Frank A. Wait City Policemen the complaining witness being present in the
person the Board proceeds to take up said matter, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of
the Board and after listing to the statement of all parties concerned in the matter it was ordered
upon motion being duly made and carried that this matter be laid over until the next regular 
meeting of the Board April the 5th, 1916. when final action will then be taken, the vote upon said
resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. April 5th, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 5th day of April A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. with Commissioner C.P.

Ball and Commissioner Elwell present, Commissioners Hicks and Matzdorf being absent.

At this time it appearing to those members of the Board present that it would be to the best
interest of the City that all members be present at this meeting it was upon motion of Commissioner
Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until Saturday April 8th at nine o'clock A.M. of said day to take any and all matters that may come
before said Board. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye,
Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 8th, 1916.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Elwell,

Ball and Hicks being present , Commissioner Matzdorf. being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this
Board except the claim of Jack MaLaughlin for services as rendered in guarding the silver set belonging
to the Battle ship Nevada, it being found by the Board that said claims was not a legal charge
against the City, for the reason that the City had its own officers to place upon said work and further
that the City was not called upon at any time to appoint and officers for said purpose.

All reports of officers read and approved as read as is on file with the Clerk of said Board.

At this time the Members of the Cemetery Committee appeared before the Board in behalf of the water
question for the Cemetery of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon the members of said Committee 

reported to the Board that the proposition as submitted by them at the last regular meeting of
Mr Russell to furnish water for the Cemetery at a figure of $30.00 for seson had fell through for
the reason that Mr Russell refused to carry out said agreement , thereupon said Committee reported
to the Board that they were of the opinion that the best proposition would be to sink a well on the
said Cemetery ground and put in a pumping plant for the purpose of raising said water , whereupon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the sum of ($500.00) dollars be
and the same is hereby set aside for the use of said Cemetery Committee for the purpose of sinking
a well and installing a pumping plant upon said cemetery ground in said City, and further that the
City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to render any and all assistance necessary for said
Cemetery Board to carry out proposition, of installing said well and pumping plant.

The question of reading the Sidewalk ordinance's for the second reading coming on before the
Board at this time Mr Hayes representing the Pacific Fruit Express Company in said City and who own
all of the lots and property in block eight of said City appeared before the Board and presented
to the Board a proposition whereby the said Pacific Fruit Express Company were desirous of doing
there own work as to the building of a concrete and cement sidewalk in block eight of said City
and it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that said Company will do said work it was then
upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that

all of the lots in block eight be and the same is hereby exempt from said sidewalk ordinance and that
have until and up to the 3rd day of June A.D. 1916, to commence said work and have the same completed

within ninety days thereafter and it was further ordered that said block eight be and the same is

hereby ordered exempt from said ordinance. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:—

Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.



This then being the time as set by the Board for the second reading of ordinance No. 64 of said City
for the improvement of Main street by a concrete cement sidewalk the Clerk then proceeded to said
ordinance for the second reading whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered that
this said ordinance No. 64 be passed as appears more fully in ordinance Book Number one of said City
under ordinance No. 64. the vote upon the said ordinance and resolution being as follows towit:- 
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time for the second reading of Ordinance No. 65 of said City for the construction
of a concrete and cement side walk on Main street in said City , whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was Upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioners Ball and
duly carried ordered that said ordinance be and the same is hereby passed as appears more fully
under ordinance No. 65 in book one of aid City. the vote upon said resolution being as follows
towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye.

The question of advertising for bids for the construction of a concrete and cement sidewalk on
Main street as provided in ordinance's number 64 and 65 as heretofore passed, by said Board coming on
before the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board ordered that the Mayor and
City Clerk be and are hereby instructed to advertised for bids for the construction of said sidewalk
said bids to be opened on and not latter than the 3rd, day of May A.D. 1916. at ten o'clock A.M. of
said day, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye.
Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Mayor called the attention of the Board to the fact that the ladies of the Civic
League of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, had requested that a certain day be set aside to be known as
clean up day in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was ordered that Wednesday the 26th day of April be and the same is hereby designated as
clean up day in said City and that the Mayor and City Clerk be and are hereby authorized to issue
an Proclamation to that effect, and that the Clerk notify the member of said Civic league of the
Boards action in said matter, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners
Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time set for the hearing of the question of the revoking of the retail liquor
license of Carl Wasserbach, it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board ordered that
this matter be and the same is hereby laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board to be held
on the 3rd, day of May A.D. 1916.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 14th, 1916.

At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, called by the Mayor of said City, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , with Commissioners Elwell,

Ball, Hicks, Matzdorf and the City Clerk and City Attorney. At this time the Clerk read before the Board the
Call as issued in full as follows towit:—

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk	Las Vegas, Nevada, April 12th, 1916.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

You are hereby notified that I have called a special meeting of the Board of City Comm-
issioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to be held at the office of the City Clerk on the 14th day of
April at seven thirty o'clock P.M. of said day for the purpose of taking up the water question for
the Cemetery of said City.

And you are hereby notified to give notice to each member of said Board of the time and
place and object of said meeting.

Dated this 12th day of April 1916.	W.E. Hawkins. Mayor of said City.

Thereupon the Clerk read the call as sent by him to each of the for said member of said Board
as follows towit:—

To F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell	Las Vegas, Nevada, April 12th, 1916.

O.D. Hicks, and C.P. Ball City

Commissioners City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:—

This is to notify you that there will be a special meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to be held on the 14th day of April at seven o'clock
and thirty minutes P.M. of said day ,at the office of the City Clerk of said City, as per an order
and call issued by the Mayor of said City for the purpose of taking up the water question for the
Cemetery in mid City.

Your are earnestly requested to be present on said date and hour as this is a matter
of great importance to said Cemetery.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City or Las Vegas
this 12th day of April A.D. 1916.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

All members of the Board being present and members of the Cemetery Committee, the Board then
proceeded to take up the question of water for the Cemetery as per call as issued by the Mayor of said
City whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and all members of the Cemetery
that it would be advisable to try and sink for water on the Cemetery ground it was after due consideration 

upon the part of the Board ordered that the Mayor and Clerk of this Board be and they are hereby
authorized to advertise upon behalf of the Board for bids for the purpose of drilling a well upon
said Cemetery ground, said notice to recite the fact that the City will furnish pipe and cement for
said well and that said bids are to recite what the driller will sink a 200 foot well with the cost
per foot up to and including the 600 foot depth said bids to be sealed bids and in the hands of the
City Clerk not latter than 7:30 O'clock P.M. of the evening of April 21st with the Board will meet
to open and receive bids for the sinking of said well, and further that the Board reserves the right
to reject any all bids that may be filed, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:—
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

At this time upon motion of Commissioners Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball it was ordered
that this Board stand adjourned until April 21st, A.D. 1916. at 7:30 o'clock P.M. of said day for the
purpose of opening bids for the sin king of a well on the Cemetery ground of said City, the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and Matzdorf

aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Harkins voting ave.
Office of the City Clark, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 21st, 1916.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball, and Elwell
Present, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time as set by the Board for the opening of bids for the drilling of a well
in the Woodlawn Cemetery and the Clerk having received two bids which are on file from Messers
Lauberheimer and Beckley, and Watt Hooker, the Clerk then proceeded to open said bids and read
them to the Board as follows towit:— " Bid on Cemeter Tell To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners.

I agree to drill a eight in. Well on the City Cemetery, Put in all necessary casing. and do
same in a workman like Manner so that same will not leak. For the following price. If work on
well is stopped or water enough obtained before 250 feet . The price will be $1.50 per ft. If over
250 and less than 300 ft. $1.40 per ft. if well goes over 300 ft. $1.35 per ft. from the surface
to said 400 feet. or if well is 400 ft. deep the cost of drilling would be $540.00 from 400 to
500 feet. $1.65 per foot. 500 to 600 ft. $2.00 per foot. All necessary casing and cement to be
furnished by City and delivered at well.	Watt Hooker.

The Clerk then proceed to read the bid as submitted by Lauberheimer and Beckley as follows:—

" To the Board of City Commissioners Dear Sirs:— We agree to dig a well in the Woodlawn
Cemetery in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, for $1.50 a foot for the first 200 feet
and $1.35 a foot for the next 200 foot or any part thereof of 2 00 feet, and $1.50 per foot for
the next 100 feet or any part thereof, and $1.75 per foot for the next 100 feet or any part thereof.

Beckley and Lauberheimer

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that this matter of deciding the
Bids be left over until the next regular meeting of the Board when a full membership of said Board
will be present. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Elwell aye.
Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 3rd, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 3rd day of May A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , With Commissioners Elwell,
Matzdorf, Ball and Hicks, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.,

At this time a petition was presented to the Board from the residences of what is known as McWilliams
town or (old town) requesting the Board to take some action regarding water for said townsite, where
upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and
seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered that the City Attorney be and is

hereby instructed to look up the charter of said Las Vegas Land and water Company and take the
same up with the Board of Public Utilities of the State and ascertain if it is possible and can be
legally done for the said Las Vegas Ladd and water Company to furnish water to residence of old town.
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye,

Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

At this time a Committee from the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board requesting financial
assistance informing the Board of the fact that said money was for the purpose of public use and
benefit whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner
Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that it appearing to this Board
that the money asked for by said Chamber of Commerce is for the public use and benefit of said City
it is ordered that the City will allow any sum equal to any amount that the County of Clark will
grant to mid Chamber of Commerce not to exceed the sum of Three hundred dollars ($300.00), the
vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball
aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Board having heretofore received and opened bids for the drilling of an Artesian Well in the
Cemetery ground owned by said City, and having laid the awarding of said contract over until this
meeting than proceeded to award the contract to successful bidder whereupon it appearing to the Board
after due consideration upon the part of the Board that the Bid of Lauberheimer and Beckley is the
best and most satisfactorily bid it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner
Elwell and duly carried ordered that said contract be and the same is hereby awarded to said Lauberheimer 

and Beckley and the City Attorney be and is hereby instructed to draw upon a contract for the
drilling of said well same to be presented to the Board at there adjourned meeting to be held on the
10th day of May A.D. 1916. at ten o'clock A.M. of said day. the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

This being the time set by the Board for the opening of Bids for the construction of a cement
concrete sidewalk on main street and two bids having been filed the Board than proceeded to open
said bids as follows towit:- A.L. J. Clark for the construction of said sidewalk in the sum of 15
cents (fifteen cents) per square foot.	J.A. Delameter for the construction of said sidewalk

the sum of 14 cents per square foot, said work to be constructed as per ordinance of said City and
per notice heretofore published, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered

that said contract be and the same is hereby awarded to J.A. Delamater upon his filing a good and
sufficient bond in fifty per cent of the amount of said contract and the City Attorney be and is hereby
instructed to draw upon said contract and present the same for the approval of this Board at its

adjourned meeting to be held on the 10th day of May A.D. 1916, at ten o'clock A.M. of said day.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye,

Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of John W. Horden as inspector of
said sidewalk to be constructed on main street in said City	where

upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Elwell
and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that J.W. Horden be and is hereby
appointed to the position of sidewalk inspector for said concrete and cement sidewalk to be constructed
upon Main street in said City and further that he the said inspector be under the jurisdiction of
the Street Commissioner and that his salary for said work to be fixed at the sum of $4.00 per day
for each and every day that he said inspector worked, the vote upon said resolution being as follows
towit:— Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

In the matter off special assessments for sidewalk improvements for Districts No. 5, and 6, coming
on before the Board for review and the City Assessor having heretofore filed the roll with the
special assessments on Districts 5 and 6, on the 3rd, day of May A.D. 1916, it was upon motion of
Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the City Clerk
publish Notice of the hearing in the Clerk County Review a weekly newspaper published in the City

of Las Vegas Nevada, for four issues to the effect that said assessment roll is on file in the
office of the City Clerk for inspection and that the Board and City Assessor will meet on Wednesday
the 7th day of June at ten o'clock A.M. of said day 1916, in the office of the City Clark to review

said assessments at which time and place opportunity will be given to all persons interested to
be heard, the vote being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks
aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioners
Ball seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
Wednesday May the 10th A.D. 1916. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:—
Commissioners Matzdorf. aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.

Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 10th, 1916.

At a regular session of the Board fo City Commissioners held pursuant to adjournment Present
Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor With Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell, Ball and Hicks. with the City Clerk
and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the taking up of the contract for the drilling of a
well in the Woodlawn Cemetery of said City and the bid having been heretofore granted to Beckley
and Laubheimer at a meeting of said Board held on the 3rd day of May A.D. 1916, whereupon the
City Attorney H.M. Lillis then presented to the Board a written contract to be signed by the said.
Beckley and Laubheimer and the City of Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon after due consideration upon the
part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Hicks
and duly carried ordered that the contract as presented by the City Attorney for the drilling of
said week in Woodlawn Cemetery be and the same is hereby accepted and the Mayor W.E. Hawkins and the

City Clerk be and are hereby instructed to sign up said contract upon behalf of said City of Las Vegas

Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell

aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes none.

At this time Beckley and Laubehheimer then presented there official bond in the sum of $500.00
with Ed. Von Tobel and Will Beckley as sureties on the same, Whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Ball seconded by Hicks and duly carried ordered
that said bond in the sum of $500.00 be and the same is hereby approved, the vote on said motion
being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks, aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then read before the Board a latter from a committee representing those who had meet
in a Mothers meeting in said City requesting the Board to take up the question of a Sanitary
officers in said City, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was found
that this situation has been handled in the past by the State officers it was after due consideration
upon the part of the Board ordered that the City Attorney be instructed to take this matter

up with the State and report back to this Board its findings in the matter at its next meeting.

The question of signing the contact heretofore entered into and approving the Bond of J.A.
Delameter for sidewalk work on Main street coming on before the Board and it appearing to the Board
that they would be unable to reach an agreement in this matter at this time it was upon motion
being duly made and carried ordered that this matter be laid over until the next regular meeting of
the Board in June.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 3rd, A.D. 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 3rd, day of June A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball,
Elwell, and his, and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular adjourned meeting read and approved as read. and approved as read*

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book including the claim for the drilling of
the well on the cemetery ground belonging to said City.

A communication from the Board of Trustees of the Cemetery relative to a lot in the Cemetery sold
to W.B. Leonard Undertaker which was not paid for by the said undertaker; in which the undertaker
had received the purchase price from the party purchasing said lot one John C. Harwood, it was after
due consideration upon the part of the Board ordered that the Cemetery Board deliver a deed to the said
lot to the said John C. Harwood and directing the Board of Trustees of the Woodlawn Cemetery to
make proper of the transaction*

The question of a storm sewer to protect the cemetery from storm waters coming on before the
Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this matter be referred to the
Commissioner of streets with power and authority to act in the said matter.

At the last regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners they the said Board of City

Commissioner having fixed this date as the date in which to review and equalize the special assessment

roll for si dewalk purpose on Main street in said City, and the City assessor C.E. McCarthy being

present with said Board and no written protests, having been filed with said Board it 

was after due consideration upon the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner 

Ball and seconded by Commissioner s Hicks and duly carried ordered that the special
assessment roll for sidewalk district No. 5 be and the same is hereby approved by this Board the
vote on said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, Elwell, aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
The approval of assessment district No. 6 coming on before the Board and the City Assessor

being present with the members of the Board of City Commissioners and this being the time as set

by said Board for the equalizing of said assessment roll for Sidewalk district No. 6, and it

appearing to the Board that no written protest had been filed with said Board and no one appearing

in person to protest against said assessment and it further appearing to the Board that due written

notice has been given by the Clerk of this Board as by law provided it was then upon motion of
Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly Carried ordered that said special
assessment be and the same is hereby approved and the vote upon said resolution being as follows to

wit:— Commissioners Hicks aye, Ball aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

It was then upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly
carried ordered that the County Tax collector and exoffico Tax Collector in and for the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, he and is hereby instructed to issue notice of said special assessment and for
the payment of the same forthwith. the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Ball aye, Hicks, aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor WE. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the City Attorney H.M. Lillie presented to the Board an ordinance governing the
control and speed and rules and regulations of Autos in the City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the first
reading which was duly read before the Board whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the
Board it was ordered that this ordinance go over for the second reading of the Board in July.

It then appearing to the Board that the Cemetery fund is short and not enough money on hand to

pay for the drilling of said cemetery well it was then upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded
by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the sum of $750.00 be and the same is hereby

transferred from the general fund of the City of Las Vegas Nevada to the Cemetery fund of said City.

the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Hicks aye
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. noes none.

At this time Commissioner of Streets C.P. Ball notified his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins that on
account of the present conditions of his health ; that it would be impossible for him to continue
to perform the duties of Commissioner of streets and public property and asked that he be relieved
of his duties of said Commissioner of streets and public property, The Mayor then acting under the
provisions of section 16 of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, thereupon recalled
the appointment of C.P. Ball as Commissioner of Streets and Public property , and also recalled
to appointment of O.D. Hicks as Commissioner of Finance, the Mayor then appointed C.P. Ball as
Commissioner of Finance and Revenue and appointed O.D. Hicks as Commissioner of Streets and Public
Property.

This being the time set by the Board for the signing of the Contract and as heretofore let to
J.A. Delemater coming on before the Board for the construction of a concrete and cement sidewalk
on the East side of Main street in said City known as special assessment districts No. 5 and 6 of
said City and it appearing to the Board that the conditions of the contract are adjusted satisfactorily
to both parties the Mayor and City Clerk were then instructed upon motion of Commissioner Ball and

seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried to enter into said contract and sign the same upon
behalf of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, upon his filing a good and sufficient bond to be approved by
the Mayor of said City, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioner Ball aye.
Hicks, aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the revoking of the saloon license issued
to one Carl Wasserbach in said City heretofore laid over by this Board, whereupon it appearing to
the Board that there was cause enough shown to this Board to justify the matter being brought before
the Board yet not enough of evidence to cause the Board to revoke the said license it was then
upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried ordered that
said charges heretofore filed against the said Carl Wasserbach be and the same are hereby dismissed,
the vote on said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Ball voting aye, Hicks, aye,
Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.
Office of City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

July 5th, A.D. 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 5th day of July A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor With Commissioners Hicks
and Elwell, Commissioners Ball and Matzdorf being absent on account of sickness.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and placed on file with the Clerk of this Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Al Clark appeared before the Board relative to the water question in the Mc Williams
townsite to the City of Las egas Nevada, requesting that the Board take some action as the means of
raising money for the purpose of procuring water for said townsite, whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be turned over to the City Attorney
H.M. Lillis with instructions that he look into the question and report back to this Board at its
next regular meeting to be held in August, 1916.

At this time the City Attorney Attorney presented to the Board a copy of a letter as written
by him to the Las Vegas Land and water Co. relative to the sanitary condition of the water as
furnished to the City of Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon it was after due consideration upon the part
of the Board ordered that said letter be placed on file with the Clerk of this Board.

This being the time for the second reading of the ordinance regulating the Auto traffic in said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and it appearing to the Board that all members of said Board are not
present it was then upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this matter go over until
the next regular meeting of this Board on the 2nd, day of August A.D. 1916.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the application of Henry Squires and Andy Smith
for a transfer of retail liquor license where upon it appearing to the Board that a bona-fide sale
and transfer has taken place by and between Andy Smith and Henry Squires it was upon motion of
Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that a transfer of license be
and the same is hereby granted in the name of Henry Squires to conduct a retail
Liquor establishment establishment in the building known as the Squires Hotel Bar situated on first

street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada. the vote being as follows towit; Hicks Aye. Elwell, aye, and
his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being first duly made a
and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called sooner together by a special call of the Mayor.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.
July 17th, 1916.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, called by the Mayor of said City Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
Hicks and Elwell with the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

The Clerk then read the call as issued by the Mayor of said City. as follows towit;

"Las Vegas, Nevada, July 12th, 1916.

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

This is to notify you that I have this 12th day of July issued a call for a meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to be held on the 15th
day of July A.D. 1916 at ten o'clock A.M. of said day for the purpose of making the first payment
on sidewalk district No. 5th of said City as per contract made and entered into by and between the
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and J.A. Delameter, and this will be your authority to issue the call
for said special meeting to be held on the above mentioned date for the purposes as set forth in 
this notice.

Signed W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

The Clerk then proceeded to read the notice as sent out to each and every member of said Board
as follows towit;

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 12th, 1916.

To W.E. Hawkins Mayor City Las Vegas, Nevada.

W.H. Elwell, O.D. Hicks, C.P. Ball, and F.E. Matzdorf
Commissioners City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs; This is to notify you that the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
has issued a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las egas Nevada, to be held on the 15th day of July A.D. 1916. at the hour of ten 0'clock A.M.
of said day for the purpose of making the first payment on the contract as entered into by and
between the City of Las egas Nevada, and J.A. Delemater for the construction of a cement and concrete
sidewalk known as district No.	5, of said City	of Las Vegas, Nevada.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas Nevada this

12th day of July A.D. 1916.

'(SEAL)	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk .

Thereupon it appearing tp the Board that a quorum is present the Board then proceeded to take the
matters as called for in said call towit the payment on the contract for the construction of the
cement side walk in district Ho. 5. Thereupon it appearing to the Board from the report of the
Commissioner of Streets and public property and the inspector that there is 5600 feet of sidewalk
finished making a total at the rate of 14 cents per foot or a total of ($784.00) and that under
the contract said Delameter is entitled to the sum of fifty per cent of said amount it was therefore

upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by Commissioner Ewell and duly carried ordered that a

warrant be issued in favor of said J.A. Delameter in the sum of ($392 .00) is which the amount payable
at this time under the contract, the vote on said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Hicks aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

At this time the Commissioner of Street reported to the Board that the said J.A. Delameter
had put in 150 feet of intersections at 14 cent per square feet making a total of ($21.00) dollars
whereupon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Hicks and duly carried it
was ordered that a warrant be drawn in the sum of ($21.00) in favor of said J.A. Delameter the
vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Elwell aye, Hicks, Aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, August 2nd, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 2nd day of August 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, and Commissioners
W.H. Elwell and O.D. Hicks with the City Clerk and City Attorney present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time the Clark read before the Board the resignation of W.H. Harkins as Municipal Judge
in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada, the same to take affect at once, whereupon after due
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks and seconded by
   Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said resignation be and the same is hereby
accepted, the vote upon said motion being as follows towit:- Commissioners Elwell, aye, Hicks aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clark then at this time read before the Board the applications of A.F. Ham, F.W. Rector,

H. Stebene as applicants for the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, where-
upon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Hicks
and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that F.W. Rector be and is hereby
appointed to the office of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada, at a salary of
Twenty five dollars per month, same to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the
sum of Tow thou sand dollars and taking his oath of office and the approval of said Bond by the
Mayor of said City W.E. Hawkins. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners
Elwell aye, Hicks, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

It was further ordered by the Board that the City Clerk be instructed to notify W.H. Hawkins
Municipal Judge tof of the approval of his resignation and to instruct him to turn over any and all
supplies that he may have in his possession belonging to the City of Las Vegas Nevada to his successor
F.W. Rector upon his bond and oath of office being approved by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas Nevada, August 25th, 1916.

At a specially called meeting of the Board of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, called by the Mayor of said City Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with
Commissioners W.H. Elwell, C.P. Ball and F.E. Matzdorf, with the Clerk and City
Attorney present.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the Special call of the Mayor for said special
meeting as follows towit:-	Las Vegas Nevada, August 23rd, 1916.

To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada. Dear Sir:-

This will be your authority to issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Comm-
issioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the purpose of making payments on sidewalk on Main
street as per contract made and entered into by and between the City of Las Vegas and one J.A. Delameter.

Said meeting to be held on Friday August 25th, at ten o'clock A.M. of said day 1916, in the office
of the City Clerk of said City.

Signed W.E. Hawkins Mayor City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Thereupon the Clerk then read before the Board the calls issued by him to the Commissioners
of said City as follows towit:-	Las Vegas, Nevada, August 23rd, 1916.

To Messers O.D. Hicks, C.P. Ball W.H. Elwell, and F.E. Matzdorf, City Commissioners Las Vegas, Nev.

Sirs:-

This is to notify you that the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has

issued a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners to be held on Friday August
the 25th day at ten o'clock A.M. of said day for the purpose of making first payment of sidewalk

on Main street as par contract entered into by and between the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and one
J.A. Delameter. Said meeting will be held in the office of the City Clerk of said City, and you are
earnestly requested to be present at said meeting.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
this 23rd, day of August A.D. 1916.	Signed Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Thereupon it appearing that quorum is present the Board than proceeded to take up the
matters as called for in said call towit:- the payment on the contract for the construction of the
cement side walk in District No. 6, and it further appearing from the report of the Street Comm-
issioners and public property and the inspector that there is 8655 feet of sidewalk finished making
a total at the rate of 14 cents per foot or a total of ($1184.40) and that under the contract said
J.A. Delameter is entitled to the sum of fifty per cent of said amount it was therefore upon motion
of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that a warrant be
issued in favor of said J.A. Delameter in the sum of ($592.00) which is the amount payable at this
time under the contract, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time it was reported to the Board that J.A. Delameter had put in 1021 feet of
intersections at 14cents per square foot making a total of $142.94, whereupon motion of Commissioner
Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf it was ordered and duly carried that a warrant be drawn in 
the sum of $142.94 in favor of said J.A. Delameter the vote upon said resolution being as follows
towit:— Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

It was further reported to the Board that said J.A. Delameter had put in 99 feet of interse-
ction on Lewis and first street insaid City Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded
by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that a warrant be drawn in favor of said K.A. Delameter 

in the sum of $13.86 for the payment of said intersection, the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

At this time it appearing to the Board that there is an amount in the sum of $392.00 due
and owing said J.A. Delamter as final payment on sidewalk in District No. 5, on Mains street
in said City it is upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly
carried ordered that the Clerk drawn his warrant in favor of said J.A. Delameter in the sum specified
for said work, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf, aye,
Elwell, aye, Ball aye, an d his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the City Attorney H.M. Lillis called the attention of the Board to the fact
that September 4th and 5th was the day that Fire Department of said City held its second annual
labor day celebration and requested permission from said Board to use certain street in said City
for its Auto, races and drilling, contents, and horse races, whereupon it appearing to the Board

that said celebration is in the interest of the Fire Department of said City it was upon motion of
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, September 6th, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 6th day of September A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. with Commissioners
Matzdorf, Elwell, Ball and Hicks present with the Clerk and City Attorney present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed except the Claim of F.A. Waite for the sum of $365.00 which
was rejected upon the grounds that the same was not a legal charge against the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell
aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Nones none.

At this time the question of increasing the salary of the night Policeman came on before the
Board and it appearing to the Members of said Board that said Frank A. Waite is entitled to an
increase in salary it was then upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner
Ball and duly carried and ordered that the Salary of the Night Policeman be and the same is hereby
increased from the sum of $125.00 to $150.00 the same to take affect at once and to be allowed for
the month of September as other Bills against the City are allowed and paid, the vote upon said resolution 

being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, Hicks, aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting No.

This being the time set for the second reading of ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada the Clerk then proceeded to read said ordinance in full where upon motion being duly
made and carried it was ordered that that part of section three referring to lights on
cars standing be stricken from said ordinance, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of
the Board of said ordinance it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by
Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be and the same is hereby passed
as appears more fully under ordinance No. 66 in ordinance Book Number one of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, the vote upon said ordinance being as follows towit:- Commissioners Matzdorf voting aye,
Elwell, aye, Ball aye, Hicks aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

At this time it was brought to the attention of the Commissioners that certain members of

Commissioner Matzdorf, and seconded by Commissioner Ball permission be and the same is hereby granted
to the Las Vegas Fire Department for the use of the following named streets for there labor day
celebration towit:- Fifth, street, Stewart street, Main street, Garcia street, and Fremont street
and in was further ordered by the Board that all members of said Fire Department be and they are hereby
deputized as special officers for those days with out compensation, the vote upon said resolution
being as follows towit:— Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regulars meeting of said Board unless
called together sooner by the Mayor of said City.
the Socialists party desired permission to hold public meetings upon the public streets in said City
during the coming political campaign, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board
it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that permission be and the same is hereby
granted to said political party providing that they at all times keep the streets and sidewalks
open to the public and not block the same.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 4th, A.D. 1916.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, Held pursuant to adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, With Commissioners C.P. Ball
W.H. Elwell, and F.E. Matzdorf, O.D. Hicks being absent. the Clerk and City Attorney Being present

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada passed and allowed by the Board as is set
forth more fully in claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

An Application from the Troy Steam Laundry for permission to erect a Reservoir for storage of

Crude Oil was received and on motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and

duly carried it was ordered by the Board that permission he and the same is hereby granted to the

said Troy Steam Laundry and the matter placed in the hands of the Fire and Police Commissioner

F.E. Matzdorf. The vote being as follows; Comm. Matzdorf, Elwell, Ball, and his honor the Mayor all
voting aye.

The Claim of S.P. Lamberd for $9.00 for gravel alleged to have been used upon the streets in
1914. was rejected upon the ground that said claim was not a legal charge against the City of
Las Vegas as the same had outlawed and had expired.

The report of City Judge ector read before the Board and approved as read and ordered placed
on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time C. L. Connelly appeared before the Board and asked for permission to use the alley
between Fremont and Carson Streets adjoining his property for setting up a well drilling machine
while drilling a water well in said City, whereupon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered that permission be and the same is hereby
granted to the Cl.L. Connelly provided that he observe an ordinance regarding the use of alleys
and streets after Dark in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. The vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye and his honor the Mayor W.B.
Hawkins Voting aye.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that certain road work was necessary
on the road leading from the Ice Plant in said City to the residence of I.C. Johnson whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that said road work be done and 
that the same be under the supervision of Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf of said City.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the resignation of O.D. Hicks one of the City
Commissioners in and for said City, whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, and seconded by
Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered that said resignation be and the same is hereby
accepted the same to take effect at once, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting ay

The Board then took Up the matter of final payment of J.A. Delameter on side walk work on
district No. 5, on Main street in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, The Commissioners having made
oral report to said Board approving sail Work it was then upon motion being duly male and carried
ordered that said contract for work on Main street under district No 5 in said City be paid in full
in the sum of $622.30. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Elwell
aye, Matzdorf, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned unless called sooner together by the Mayor of said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 10th, 1916.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, called together by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, W.E. Hawkins, Present. Comm-
issioners Matzdorf, Elwell, Ball. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins, with the Clerk and City
Attorney.

At this Time the Clerk read the special Call of the Mayor of said City to the Members of the
Board which set forth the fact that the Board had been called together to take up and Consider
the question of Filling the vacancy as created by the resignation of O.D. Hicks, whereupon after
due consideration of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, and seconded by Commissi
oner Ball and duly carried ordered that David Farnsworth Be and is hereby appointed to the office
of City Commissioner in and for the City of las Vegas, Nevada to fill the unexpired term of O.D.
Hicks who had resigned and the same having been accepted by this Board, and it was further ordered
by the Board that his appointment is to take effect upon his filing his Bond and Oath of Office and
the approval of the same by the Mayor W.E. Hawkins of said City, and it was further ordered by the
Mayor that he the said David Farnsworth be and is hereby appointed to the office of Street Commissioner
of said City of Las Vegas. Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioner
Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and Carried 

ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, October 28th, 1916.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada called by the Mayor of said City for the purpose of fixing the tax rate for the
year 1916, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor of said City with Commissioners Elwell, and F.E.
Matzdorf being present. Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was
the upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried
ordered that the following resolution be and the same is hereby adopted towit; that the City Tax
rate for the year 1916 be and the same is hereby fixed as follows towit; General fund (12( cents
Street fund Twenty five cents,	Sewer bond Interest fund Twenty cent,	sewer sinking

fund Eight cents. making a total assessment for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in the sum of
Sixty five cents the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit, Commissioners Matzdorf,
aye. Elwell aye, and His honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Nevada, November 1st, 1916.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held on the first day of November A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Comm-
issioners C/P. Ball, David Farnsworth , F.E. Matzdorf, and W.H. Elwell .

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las egas allowed and passed by the Board except the Claim
of R.E Lake for the sum of $24.00 which was reduced to twelve dollars for the reason that the
claim was an unjust claim.

At this time C.A. French presented to the Board a request for the road work near the Cemetery



in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered
that said work be referred to the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property David Farnsworth

David Farnsworth representing the Troy Steam Laundry made application to the Board for a
permit to finish building an addition on the Building used and occupied by said Troy Steam
Laundry and a further request that said Laundry be granted permission to use the Man hole of the
City sewer system as a grease trap, thereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by
Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered that said request be and the same is hereby
granted, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye,

Ball, aye, Elwell, aye, Farnsworth and his honor the Mayor We. E Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 6th, 1916

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las egas, Nevada
held on the 6th day of December A.D. 1916. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor With Commissioners
Matzdorf, Farnsworth, Elwell, and Ball Being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read,

All claims against the City of Las egas, Nevada, allowed as per claim booh except the claim of
C.A. French for the sum of $200.00 for work on the road leading to the Cemetery which was ordered
laid over until such time that said road had been finished as per agreement, with the Street Comm-
issioner David Farnsworth.

The Claim of W.G. Morse for work performed for the City was ordered laid over until the next
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on account that said Claim did not have the O.K. of the
party ordering said work.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read.

At this time the Question of allowing more money for a man and team on City work coming on before
the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner
of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried orderded that the City
Attorney be and is hereby instructed to draw up an resolution setting forth the fact that here-
after the regular amounts to be paid for all City work wherein a man and a span of horses are used
shall be the sum of Eight dollars per day, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioner Matzdorf, aye, Farnswroth, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

The claim of A. Levy in the sum of $15. 65 for repair work on sewer pipe connecting with his
property situated on Fremont street in said City known as the Levy Hall Building was upon Motion
of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried ordered that said
Claim be and the same is hereby rejected upon the ground that the same is not a legal claim against
the City of Las Vegas for the reason that said repair work was performed upon the sewer pipe



leading from his property to the main line sewer and was not of any fault of the City of Las Vegas.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye,
Elwell aye, Ball Aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The is being the time set by the Board for the opening of Bids for street work on the road to the
Cemetery in said City as per advertisement, the Board then proceeded to open said Bids and found the

following to towit; the Bid of Wm, Dykman being sixty cents per cubic yard

Wyckoff and Campbell being seventy cents per cubic yard.

Al.J.Clark	Being eighty cents per cubic yard.

J.M. Heaton	being seventy five cents per cubic yard.

John F. Miller	being sixty five cents per cubic yard.

C.A. French	being fifty four cents per cubic yard.

There being no other bidders and it appearing to the Board after due consideration that the bid
of C.A. French is the best and cheapest bid submitted it was then upon motion of Commissioner
farnsworth and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that the bid of C.A. French
be and the same is hereby accepted and the City Attorney be and is hereby directed to draw up a
contract in compliance with the plans and specifications and place the same on file with the Clerk
of this Board after the same has been executed, and the Mayor and City Clerk of the City of Las vegas
Nevada are hereby empowered sign and execute said Contract upon behalf of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye,
Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a Petition from residents of the North end of the
City of Las vegas, Nevada, requesting that the City take some action to stop the shooting with in
the City Limits of said City as the same was deangerious to live stock whereupon it was ordered
by the Board that the same be referred to the police officers and said petition placed on file.
The Clerk then presented a petition from the residences and tax payers of the Warrdie Addition to
Clarks Las Vegas Townsite requesting said Board to gravel the crossing at fifth and Bridger street
and also the alley on Bridger street between fifth and sixth street in said City, whereupon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Farnsworth and
duly seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried it was ordered that said request be and the
same is hereby granted and the Commissioner of Streets and Public Property is hereby directed to
comply with said request, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following applications for retail saloon licenses

for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year 1917,



Jack Reynolds to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Main street in what is known as the Lincoln
Hotel.



D. Peceitto to conduct a retail liquor establishment on main street in what is known as the Union Hotel
The Hotel Nevada Mining Company to conduct a retail liquor establishment in what is known as the
Nevada Hotel situated on fement and Main street in said City.

M. Pollard to conduct a retail liquor establishment in what is know as the New Overland Hotel situate
ed on the corner of Main and fremnt Streets in said City of Las Vegas.

Fred Van Devanter to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Frement street in what is known as
the norther Hotel

Fred J. Pearce to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Fremont Street in what is known as the
Las Vegas Hotel.

Robert Schaffer to conduct a retail liquor establishment on First street in what is known as the
Charleston Hotel.

J. and L. Holcomb to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the
Colorado hotel .

Henry Squires to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the
Squires Hotel.

Gragilo and Biama to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the
old Turf saloon.

Ed. Van to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the "00" saloon
Al James to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the Arizona
Club.

Carl Wasserbach to conduct a retail liquor establishment on first street in what is known as the
Star saloon.

D. Pecetto to conduct a whole sale liquor business in said City.

Los Angeles Brewing Company to conduct a whole sale Liquor establishment in said City.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner

Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the above licenses be and

the same are hereby granted for the year 1917. so long as the above applicants comply with all of the
laws and rules and regulations of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote upon said resolution

being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, farnsworth aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and

his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

The question of putting on special officer for a few days to inforce the Auto traffic was
and other matters relating to said City coming on before the Board it was upon motion of being duly
made and carried ordered that the Fire and Police Commissioner os said Coty be and is hereby empowered
to put on special policeman M.I. Newkirk for a period of time as he thinks necessary and for the be
interest of said City. There being no further Business before the Board it was than upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 20th, 1916.

At a Special Called Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada
By the Mayor W.E. Hawking of said City. Present Hon. C.P. Ball, Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell, and
Farnsworth with the City Clerk and City Attorney. The Mayor W.E. Hawkins Being absent Hon. C.P.

Ball assumed the Chair as acting Mayor of said City.

The object of this meeting was then stated to the Board by the Clerk thereof the same being for
the purpose of receiving Bids on Street work on the road leading to the Cemetery, it being reported
by the street Commissioner that C.A. French to whom the contract was awarded at last meeting had
failed to sign his contract as per his bid Submitted, and that he the said Street Commissioner had
advertised for new Bids on said Work. Whereupon the Clerk then proceeded to open said Bids as follows 

towit; To the City Commissioners, of Las Vegas, Nevada.

As per Notice to Bidders, herewith attached, we will offer to do said work in the manner as describ-
ed therein. Measurements to be taken, or made while material is in the wagon. Fifty-nine cents
(59 cents) per cubic yd, WOrk to begin within a few days, and to finish within twenty working days from
time of beginning.

Hotel Nevada mining Co.,

By John F. Miller.

To the Board of City Commissioners,	Las Vegas, Nevada, Dec. 18, 1916.

75 cents per cubic yard complete as per notice to bidders above. Commence on or before Dec. 26th
1916, finished by Jan. 18th, 1917.

J. M. Heaton.

To the City Commissioners,	Las Vegas, Nevada, Dec. 20, 1916.

I, the undersigned do hereby agree to surface road or highway as per your" Notice to Bidders"
for the sum of Fifty-eight cents (58( per cubic yard. If awarded contract to begin work on or
before Dec. 26th, 1916, and finish by Jan. 15th, 1917.

A. H. Wyckoff.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried
it was ordered that the bid of A. H. Wyckoff be and the same is hereby accepted and it is further
ordered that the Mayor protem C. P. Ball and the Clerk being and are hereby authorized and directed
to sign and enter into a contract with the said A. H. Wyckoff upon behalf of the City of Las Vegas
for the faithful performance of said contract. The vote upon said resolution above as follows to-
wit: Commissioner Matzdorf, aye; Commissioner Farnsworth, aye; and Commissioner Elwell, aye; and
his honor protem C. P. Ball voting no.

There being no further business before the Board it was thereupon motion duly made and carried
that this Board stand adjourned.


Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nev.

January 3rd, A.D. 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada.
held on the above mentioned date present Ho. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, C.P. Ball. W.H. Elwell, David
Farnsworth, and Commissioner Matzdorf being present with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las vegas, Nevada read approved as appears upon claim book on file
Reports of officers read and approved as read by the Board.

It appearing to the Board that the sum of one hundred dollars is necessary for use in the

Cemetery fund it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of one hundred
dollars be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the Cemetery
fund of said City.

At this time a committee from the Mesquite Club appeared before the Board requesting that the
said Board take some action regarding the tramp question in said City, so such as to provided ways

and means of feeding said transsit persons so that they would be relieved from begging, and further

that the board make some arrangements to take over the library such as providing funds sufficient
to build up said library and supply a librarian for the same, whereupon motion being duly made and
carried it was ordered that this matter be laid over until the next meeting of the Board.

The Board having at the last regular meeting debated the question of paying more money for

man and span of horses for street work and having instructed the City Attorney to draw up a resolution 

covering the same, the City Attorney thereupon presented said resolution which was

as follows towit; Whereas during the last past year the cost of hay, barley, oats, and other

kinds of horse feed has increased more than twenty five per cent, and the earning capacity for

horses, mules and other draft animals is thereby increased; Therefore, be it resolved that from

and after the 3rd day of January A.D. 1917, the compensation to ther than a street inspector,

shall be and is hereby fixed at three ($3.00) dollars for days work, on the public streets and

roads of the City of Las vegas, Nevada by one man. And the compensation for one man and a span

of two draft animals shall be and it is hereby fixed at seven $(7.00) Dollars per day. And the 

compensation one man and two additional animals shall be, and it is hereby fixed at ten dollars for a days	



work. The person so compensated shall, without additional charge, furnish such tools, implements, vehicle,
and other necessary equipment, as may be necessary to his work. And be it further resolved
that a days work on the public streets and roads of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall consist
of at least eight hours actual labor, exclusive of the time spent in going to and returning
from the work, and in no case shall pay be given for more than one days time between sunrise and
sunset of the same day, It was thereupon motion of Commissioner Farnsworth and seconded by Commissioner
 Elwell and duly carried ordered that said resolution be and the same is hereby passed
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth
aye Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

At this time the question of putting on an extra man on the police force of said City for
the purpose of Collecting dog licenses, and looking after chain gang work coming on before the
Board it was ordered that the City Police and Fire Commissioner be and is hereby instructed
to hire said extra help for the above named purpose.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance relating to the discharge of Fire 
Arms in said City for the first reading whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered that said ordinance go over for the second reading at the next regular meeting of said
Board.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a request form Al.J. Clark and C.W. Perry as-
king for permission to lay water mains and pipes in the townsite known as the Mc Williams Town-
site of Las vegas Nevada for a period of twenty five years, Whereupon motion being duly made
and carried it was ordered that this matter be and the same is hereby referred to the City Attorney
of Las Vegas, Nevada, with instructions that he draw upon the necessary papers and submit the
same to this Board at its next regular meeting to be held in February 1917.

It was then upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by commissioner Farnsworth
and duly carried ordered that the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do sell to the said C.W. Perry and
A.L. J. Clark of said City of Las vegas, Nevada for the sum of One dollar eighty feet of Eight
inch well casing, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf
aye, Farnsworth aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye. and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time the Clerk called the attention of the Board to the fact that it would be necess-
ary to have the City Books audited for the year 1916. whereupon motion being duly made and carried
it was ordered that the City Clerk have the same done by some certified accountant as provided
by law.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada,

Las Vegas, Nevada, February 7th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las vegas,
Nevada, held on the 7th day of February A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, With City
Commissioners Matzdorf, Farnsworth, Elwell, and Ball Present with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Approved as read and appears upon claim Book
on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read;

It appearing to the Board that the Cemetery fund is over drawn, it was then upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that the sum of Two hundred dollars be and the same is here by ordered
transferred from the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to the Cemetery fund of said City.

At this time it appearing to the Board that the sum of ten dollars as ordered by the Board at
there last regular meeting for man and Four horses is not enough it was then upon motion of Comm- 
Farnsworth and seconded by Commissioners Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that said resolution
be amended to read as follows towit; that the amount to be paid for man and four horses for all City
work be the sum of Eleven dollars per day instead of ten dollars per day. the vote upon said
resolution being as follows towit Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell aye,

Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor Voting aye.

A petition from the citizens of Las Vegas, Nevada requesting the Board to inforce the ordinance
relating to numbering of houses in said City coming on before the Board it was after due considera-
tion upon the part of the Board ordered that the Police officers of said City be and are hereby
instructed to see to the enforcing of said ordinance.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a letter from the Los Angeles and Salt Lake R.R.
company relating to the construction of sidewalks on Fremont street from Main street to the Rail-
road Depot, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was then upon motion
being duly made and carried ordered that said railroad Company be notified that if they will
construct sidewalks one on each side of said street from the Depot to Main street said walks to be
eight feet wide, that the City of Las vegas Nevada would pay one half of the cost of construction of
the said sidewalks above mentioned.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the following complaint from night policemen F.A.
Waite. as follows towit;
To the Board of City Commissioners Las egas, Nevada.	Las Vegas, Nevada, Jan. 31st, 1917.

Gentlemen; This is to inform you that section 13 of ordinance No. 45 was violated at the Squires
Hotel by serving drinks between the hours of one O'clock and six A.M. jan. 20th, 1917.

Yours truly.

F.A. Waite, Police.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made
and carried, ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby directed to notify the said
H.E. Squires owner of said saloon to appear before the Board of City Commissioners of the said City

	

of Las Vegas, Nevada, at ten O'clock A.M. Wednesday March 7th, A.D. 1917. and show cause if any he
has why his saloon license should not be revoked or suspended the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his Honor
the mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

Ordinance No. 67 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada regulating regulating the parking of Automobile
for the second time and after due consideration it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, and
seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be passed, as appears
more fully under Ordinance No. 17 in ordinance Book No. one. to which reference is hereby made, the
vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye, Ball
aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.H. Hawkins voting aye. Nones , None.

At this time A.L.J. Clark appeared before the Board and stated a proposition to said Board whereby 

he desired to sell to said City a certain Artesian Well situated in what is known as the original
Townsite to Clarks Las Vegas Townsite Clark County Nevada, setting forth to the Board that there
was about three or three and one half inches of water flowing from said well and by the laying of
pipe through the streets and alleys of said townsite said water could be piped to the various residences 

of said townsite for Domestic use, but as he the said A.L.J. Clark was unable to tell just what

streets and alleys said pipe lines would have to pass through it was after due consideration upon 
the part of the Board that this matter be passed to some future date.

At this time a Committee from the Mesquite Club appeared before the Board upon the matter of
having the Board of City Commissioners approve of the Committee as appointed by said Mesquite Club
to be known as the Library Committee, and further that said committee have power to handle all matters
relating to the said Library and to be known as the library committee, whereupon after due considerat-
ion upon the part of the Board it whs ordered that said Committee be and the same is hereby created and
appointed said Committee to consist of C.P. Squires and James C. Thomas & F.A. Stevens, thereupon
said committee represented to the Board that they were in a position to act in conjunction with the
Chamber of Commerce of the City of Las Vegas Nevada setting for the fact that felt they could get

the Chamber of Commerce to consolidate there Chamber with the Library and further that if said

consolidation was accomplished the County Commissioners of Clark County would give to said Committee
for Use in publicity purposes the sum of fifty dollars per month, and requested this Board to take 
similar action in the matter, Whereupon it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that
the sum of Sixty dollars per month be and the same is hereby ordered to be paid each and every month
out of the General fund of said City for the support of said Library and Chamber of Commerce provi-
ding that the said Chamber of Commerce and Library are consolidated as one, the vote upon said
resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell, aye,

Ball aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

It was then upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned

until the next regular meeting of the Board in March. 1917.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas,  Nevada. March 7th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 7th day of March A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. with Commissioners Matzdorf.
Farnsworth, Ball and Elwell. with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Read and approved ad read and on file with the Clerk of 
this Board except the claims of Bert French for ten dollars and Dan Mc Donald for Four Dollars and
the Claim of John Webber for Four dollars which were laid ever to be approved by the parties ordering
the same.

At this time the Clerk proceeded to read an Ordinance for second reading before the Board as
amends section 22 of Ordinance No, 66, Entitled " An Ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the
Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas Nevada." Whereupon after reading said Ordinance in full to
the Beard it was then upon motion being duly made and carried upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and
seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that said Ordinance be passed as appears
mere fully in Ordinance Book Number one of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Under Ordinance No. 67 of
said City, the vote upon said Ordinance being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye, 

Farnsworth, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye,
Noes None.

The Board than proceeded to take up the Tax rate for the Year 1917. and found the following
towit; That An Ad Valorm Tax of Eighteen Cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property
situated, lying lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and Paid
for the year 1917. including the next proceeds of the mines except such property as is exempt from
taxation, and said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer bond interest fund of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

It was further ordered by the Board that there be levied, collected and paid for the year 1917
An Ad Valorum tax of Ten cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate lying
and being within the City limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, including the next proceeds of
the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Sink-
ing fund for sewer bonds of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada.



It was farther ordered by the Board that there be levied , collected and paid for the year 1917.

An Ad Valorum Tax of Twenty cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate



lying and being within the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. including the next proceeds
of the mines except such property as is exempt from taxation, said Tax to be known as and used as
the street fund of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried
ordered that the foregoing tax rate be and the same is hereby established for the year 1917. the vote



upon said resolution being as follows towit: Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell
aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Question of providing funds for fire equipment coming on before the Beard and it appearing
to the Board that it will take a sum equally to Two Thousand dollars for said equipment and it further
appearing to said Beard that said equipment is badly needed in said City, it was then upon motion
of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the sum



of two Thousand be and the same is hereby transferred from the General fund of the City of Las Vegas

	

Nevada, to the Fire Department fund and said City Treasurer is hereby directed to open up said Fund
and that the matter of purchasing said equipment be passed for the present.
The permit to put a cellar door in sidewalk on First Street in front of the rear store in the

Building known as the Thomas Department Building coming on before the Board it was after due consideration



upon part of the Board and upon motion Commissioner Ball, seconded my Commissioner Matzdorf
ordered that the following permit is and is hereby granted.

"Permission is hereby granted to the Petitioner, Roy C. Thomas, to put in a cellar door in the
sidewalk on First Street in front of the rear store room in the Thomas Department Building situate
on lot No. 31, in Block No. 3, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
accordance with the following specifications to-wit:

The said opening shall begin at a point of 3 feet from the line of the sidewalk adjoining said
building and extend outward a distance of six (6) feet at right angles with said building. The

said opening shall be four feet and six inches wide by six feet long and to a depth required to
enter the cellar under the said building. A retaining wall of concrete six inches thick shall be
built on both sides and on the East end of said opening from its floor to the sidewalk, make the
sidewalk secure and to receive an iron frame for the doors of said opening. The said opening
shall have an iron frame securely set in the said retaining walls and sidewalk so that the upper
surface of the doors for said opening when closed will be on a level with the surface of the side-
walk at all part of it.

The covering of said opening shall consist of two (2) iron doors each Twenty-one (21) inches
wide and six feet long properly and securely hinged to said iron frame, and so arranged that when
the said doors are open they shall stand in position at right angles with the surface line of the
sidewalk and be held firmly in that position while they are open, and the end of the said opening
next to the said building shall be closed either by a chain or steel bar at all times when the
said doors are open. That portion of the sidewalk lying between the west end of the said opening
and the said building shall be supported and held in place by iron beams set in the said retaining
walls so that it shall remain solid and its surface unbroken.

The said iron frame for the doors shall be so constructed as to have a steel bar placed in it
across the center to support the said doors when they are closed, and doors be kept closed at all
times when not in actual use.

The vote upon said permit being as follows, to-wit: Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye,
Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Hawkins aye.

The next business considered by the Board was the calling of an Election to be held for the
purpose of electing a Mayor and four commissioners. Thereupon after a discussion on the matter
the following was adopted, Resolved that

"Under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a general
election shall be held on the First Tuesday after the First Monday of May, every odd numbered year
dating from the First Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1913, and it appearing therefrom that a
General Election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on the First Tuesday after the

	

First Monday in May 1919, and the matter coming up regularly to be heard and arrangements made therefor, 

on Motion of Commissioner Miller, seconded by Commissioner W. H. Elwell, the following
Resolutions were adopted, to-wit:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held, at the City Fire
House, situated on lot 23, Block 15, of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, for voting precinct No. One and at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage situate on lot 27 in Block
29 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for Voting Precinct No. Two,
on the 8th day of May, A.D. 1919, for the election of a Mayor and Four Commissioners; That the
polls be opened at 8 o'clock A. M. and close at 6 o'clock P. M. on said day; That Mrs Marie Heinide [Questionable spelling of name] and
Mrs John Rightfoot and John W. French [Questionable spelling of name] be and are hereby appointed Inspectors of such election at the City

Fire House, in Precinct No. One, and Mrs. J. J . Silk and Mrs. F. M. Fillrath [Questioanble spelling of name] and Mrs. Bessie O'Riley



Gamble be and are appointed Inspectors of Election, Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage, In precinct No.
Two, to conduct the same in accordance with the Laws of the State of Nevada governing Elections.
Be it further Resolved that no candidate for office at said election shall be entitled to have his

name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least ten days before the date of such

election, file in the office of the City, Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a certificate of
nomination, in writing, containing the name of the person nominated, Such certificate shall be sig-
ned and verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein possesses
the qualifications as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;

And be it further resolved that all provisions of the law relating to general elections so far
as the same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the provisions of the City Charter of
the City of Las Vegas Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such election;

AND BE	IT FURTHER RESOLVED that	the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby

authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of said election,

Such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary or
required to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the date,
time, and places of holding such election, the purpose thereof, the condition under which held, the
names of the Inspectors, the method and manner of classifying the Commissioners, on ballot and such
other matters as may be deemed proper in the premises.

 AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such proclamation be published in the Clark County Review, a Newspaper 

printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark , State of Nevada, for a period
of at least four consecutive weeks (four issues) prior to the date of such election and printed copies
of such proclamation be posted by the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in six public
places in said City, of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the same period of time, three of said Proclamations
to be posted in each of said Voting Precincts.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is

hereby authorized and directed to notify the duly elected, qualified and acting registry agent in and



for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books
for the registration of the voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for said election at the time and
in the manner provided by the laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration of Voters in incorporated 

Cities Registration on books shall open March 17th 1919. 

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purpose of complying with the general law of the State
of Nevada, governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified voters of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, a fall and fair opportunity of casting their ballots at such election, the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby divided into two (2) Voting Election Precincts described as follows,
to-wit:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, lying and being North of the Center line of
Carson Street extended easterly and westerly across the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be design-
ated and known as Las Vegas City Voting Precinct Number One (l), and all that portion of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, lying and being south of the Center line of Carson Street extended easterly and
westerly across the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be designated and known as Las Vegas City Vot-
ing Precinct Number Two (2).

Be it further Resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is hereby
authorized and directed to have the official Ballots prepared and to do and perform all such acts
and give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in order that the said election may be
called and held and the qualified Voters may have due notice thereof as required by the laws of the
State of Nevada governing elections and as required by the previsions of the City Charter of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada and this resolution.

A roll call of the members was taken on the foregoing resolution and resulted as follows, to-wit
Commissioner  Voting aye, Commissioner W. H. Elwell voting aye, Commissioner John Fruiller [questionable spelling of name]
voting aye, Commissioners and his honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins voting aye,
The Clerk then presented te the Beard the Following communication with Map attached from Perry and



Clark of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. " To the Hon. Beard of City Commissioners of the City of
Las egas, Nevada. Gentlemen; We the undersigned have drilled a Water well an let No. 24 in block
8 in the original Townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada, and have a small flow of Artesian Water suitable for
Domestic Purposes and are desires and ready te distribute the same to the inhabitants of said Town-
site by means of pipe lines laid in the streets and alleys of said Townsite.

Therefore your petitioners pray your Honorable Body to grant us permission te lay a 3" water main
from said well running west along the alley in blocks 9 and 10 to a point 20 feet west of the East
line of 5th, street: Thence running south in said 5th, street to a point 20 feet North of the South
line of Wilson Avenue; Thence running east in said Wilson Avenue te its intersection with the alley
in block Number 2 of said townsite; Also a 1" Pipe line on 3rd, street from its intersection with
the said pipe line in Wilson Avenue North to its intersection with the Alley in block 13; thence
running easterly along said alley te its intersection with the alley in said block 13 that runs north
and south; Thence along said alley te its intersection with Gass avenue. Also on 7th. street
commencing at said well running south in said 7th street to its intersection with the alley in block
No. 7, Thence running west along said alley te the west limits of said townsite, also in the alley
in block 7 which runs North and south from its intersection with the alley that runs east and west
in block 7 to its intersection with Wilson Avenue. Subject to rules and regulations and Ordinances
of the City of Las egas Governing the laying of water mains and excavations, and your petitioners
will ever pray.	Signed Perry and Clark.

Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was then motion of Commissioner
Farnsworth and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, and duly carried it was ordered that said permit
be and the same is hereby granted te the said Perry and Clark. the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

It was at this time upon motionbeing duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until Thursday March 8th, A.D. 1917. at ten o'clock A.M. of said day.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

March 8th, 1917.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held pursuant te adjournment present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor. With Commissioners
Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, Elwell, and Ball with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

At this time there appeared before the Board of City Commissioners a Committee from the
Mesquite Club of said City requesting the Board to set a day aside te be known as clean up day and
also for the purpose of interesting the Citizens of said City in the planting of garden truck in
there yards and upon the vacant lots of said City, Whereupon after due consideration upon the part
of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the question of planting
garden truck be left te the Committee of the Mesquite Club, and it was further ordered that the Mayor
of said City Be and is hereby directed te set March the 31st day 1917. as clean up day in said City
and to issue a proclamation to that effect.

At this time the Committee from the cemetery Board appeared before the Board relative te
the general conditions of said Cemetery such as the care of the grounds and the making and improving
of the drive ways in said Cemetery.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing of the Complaint against H.E. Squires
as filed by night policeman F
F.A. Waite for violating of the retail liquor license ordinance in said City, F.A. Waite complaining
witness in said matter called before the Board and testified in the matter, H.E. Squires holder of
said retail liquor license called and testified in the matter, Bert Himelspach called and testified
in the matter, as was also D.C. Murphy who was sworn and testified in the matter, thereupon after
due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded
by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that the retail liquor license of the said H.E. Squires
be and the same is hereby suspended for a period of Thirty days to take effect from the 17th day of
March A.D. 1917. at midnight of the 17th, 1917. the vote upon said motion being as follows towit;
Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth aye, Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayer, W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Beard it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called together sooner by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 16th, 19171.



At a special session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
called at a special request of the Mayor of said City, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, With Comm-
issioners Matzdorf, Elwell, Farnsworth and Ball with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board the special call as issued by the Mayor for said
special meeting as follows towit;	March 14th, 1917.

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

This will be your authority to issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commiss-
ioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held on the 16th day of March. A.D. 1917. at the
hour of Ten O'clock Am. in the office of the City Clerk at the Court House , for the purpose of Re-
considering the action heretofore taken wherein the retail liquor license of H. E. Squires was ord-
ered suspended for thirty days, to take effect March the 17th, at Midnight of said day.

Very truly yours,

W. E. HAWKINS.	_______

Mayor of said City of Las Vegas,

Filed March 14, 1917,	Nevada.

By Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.



The Clerk then proceeded to read the notice as sent by him for said special meeting as follows, to-wit:
To Commissioners, C.P. Ball, W. H. Elwell, F. E. Matzdorf, and David Farnsworth.

Dear Sirs:

This is to advise you that per a call issued by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
this 14th day of March A. D. 1917, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held on the 16th day of March, 1917, in the office of the City Clerk
at the Court House at the hour of Ten o'clock A.M. of said day for the purpose of re-considering the
action taken at the last regular meeting relative to suspending the retail Liquor license of H. E.
Squires of said city.

Your presence is earnestly requested at said meeting.

Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, this 14th
day of March, A. D. 1917.

Harley A. Harmon__________

City Clerk in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon after general discussion by the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and
seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried and ordered that the matter as relates to the
re-consideration of the retail liquor license of H. E. Squires heretofore suspended for a period of
30 days at the last regular meeting of the Board held on the 8th day of March A. D. 1917 be passed
until the 27th of this month at 10 o'clock a. m. And it was further ordered that this Board stand
adjourned until March 27th 1917 at ten o'clock am . The vote upon said order was as follows to-wit:
Commissioners Matzdorf aye, Farnsworth aye, Elwell aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W. E. Haw-
kins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.



April 4th, A.D. 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins, Mayor, With Commissioners, Matzdorf, Elwell,
Farnsworth, Ball and the City Clerk and City Attorney being present, held on the 4th day of April,
1917.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las egas, Nevada read and allowed as per claim book on file with
the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time Henry E. Squires appeared before the Board of City Commissioners in the matter of the
suspension of his retail liquor license owned by him for the conduct of a retail liquor license in
the Squires Hotel situated on First street in said City, which was suspended for a period of thirty
days commencing at midnight , March 17th, 1917, and it appearing to the Board that said saloon has
been continuously closed since said 17th day of March 1917, and period of 18 days, And it appearing
to the Board that it was the first offence, and that the validity of said ordinance has been establi-
shed and that the offender Henry E. Squires has been reasonably punished, Therefore be it resolved
that the remained of said sentence be and is hereby suspended, the foregoing resolution was duly
adopted upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried
by the following vote towit; Commissioners, Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of the purchase of Fire equipment coming on before the Board it was upon Motion
of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried ordered that the
following resolution be and the same is hereby adopted; Whereas, on the 13th day of March 1917, the
Board of City Commissioners having at a previous meeting of said Board appropriated the sum
of Two thousand dollars for the purchase of a combination chemical and Fire hose Auto ar and where
as on said 13th day of March. A.D. 1917, said Board of City Commissioners were presented by the
American La France Fire Engine Company an opportunity to purchase a federal Combination double 40
Gallons Chemical and Hose Car for the sum of $2,150.00 and it appearing to the members of said Board
of City Commissioners that the said Fire equipment should be purchased at once and contract was
entered into by respective parties, and it further appearing to the Board that it is necessary to set
aside more money for the payment of said Fire equipment than the sum of $2,000.00 heretofore allowed
it was further ordered that the sum of $150.00 be and the same is hereby set aside for the purchase



of said Federal Fire Truck, and it is further ordered that said contract be and the same is hereby
approved, by this Board. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf
voting aye, Farnsworth, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor Voting aye. Noes No.

The question of reparing the Fire House and getting the same in readiness for the New Fire

Auto equipment coming on before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that
the Fire and police Commissioner in connection with the Fire Chief H.M. Lillis be and are hereby
authorized to make the necessary repairs and improvements for the same.

At this time L.J. Connelly appeared before the Board asking for permission to lay water pipes
on and through Carson, Bridger, and Fremont Streets and Alleys in Bucks addition to Clarks Las Vegas
townsite, and after due consideration upon the part of the Board said permit was granted with the
understanding that he the said Connelly furnish the commissioners with a Map of said request and
place the same on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board a letter from U.R. Smith of Las Vegas agreeing the
replace the street signs in said City to the number of Two hundred for the sum of $225.00 where-
upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that this matter be laid over fo
the present*

There being no further business before the Boar d it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called together sooner by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. April 13,17

At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, Held on the 13th day of April, 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with
Commissioners, Matzdorf, Farnsworth, Elwell, and Ball being present.

The Clerk then read the call for said Special meeting to the Board as follows towit;

To Parley A. Harmon, City Clerk	April 11th, 1917.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

This will be your authority to issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the purpose of making arrangements for a Holiday
in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada to be known as Patorit Day, said meeting to be held at ten o'clock
A.M on the morning of April 13th day, A.D. 1917. in the office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
Witness my hand this 11th, day of April A.D. 1917.

Filed April 11th, 1917. Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor.

The Clerk then read the call as issued by him as follows towit;.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 11th, 1917.

To Messers. F.E. Matzdorf, David
Farnsworth, W.E. Elwell, C.P. Ball
Sirs;

This is to notify you that there will be and special meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 13th day of April A.D. 1917.
in the office of the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the purpose of setting aside
a certain day to be known as Patorit day in said City, at the hour of ten O'clock A.M. of said day
you are earnestly requested to be present on said day.

In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of this City of Las Vegas. Nevada
this 11th day of April A.D. 1917.

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

(seal).

At this time the Mayor stated to the Board the object of said meeting setting forth the fact
that said meeting was called for the purpose of making the necessary arrangements for a holiday to
be ,known as Patorit day in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, E.W. Griffith appeared before the Board
and stated that in his opinion said day should be declared, John F, Miller spoke in behalf of said

day and urged said Board to also point two committees one for the purpose of holding said celebration

and one committee for the purpose of organizing a H
Home Guard thereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board, The Mayor appointed the
following committees towit; John. F. Miller W.S. Park, and Roy W. Martin as committee on the organization 

of a Home Guard, and the following named persons were named as Committee on Special Holiday
as follows towit; E.W. Griffith, Chairman, G.H. French, F.A. Stevens, W.H. Harkins, W.H. Pike, C.P.
Squires, John F. Miller, W.S. Park, Leo. A. Mc Namee, Roy W. Martin, and Dr. W.M. Wadleigh, said
committee, meet and devise ways and means of holding said celebration and to report back to this
Board, Tuesday April 17th at ten O'clock A.M. of said day.

There being no farther business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Tuesday April 17th A.D. 1917. at ten o'clock
A.M. of said day.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 17th, 1817.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon, W.E. Hawkins Mayor Present with Members of the Board City
Clerk and	Attorney.

At this time the Citizens Committee heretofore appointed by the Mayor of said City made there
report to the effect that they desired to hold celebration on the 1st day of May A.D. 1917. and
desired the Mayor to issue a Proclamation declaring a holiday for that day, Whereupon after
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered
that the following resolution be and the same is hereby adopted; as follows towit;

" Whereas In the Month of August 1914 The Imperial German Government Ruthlessly invaded and
destroyed the peaceful and prosperous Countries of Belgium and Serbia, without cause or provocation
and without warning;

" And Whereas, from the opening of said War until the 11th, day of April 1917, the President

of the United States, Our Congress and Our People have pursued a course of conciliation and

	

strict Neutrality, and lived up to every International Law and Treaties and in conformity with the
Course that it had pursued from its birth as a Nation Viz: to avoid when honor allowed to keep
out of European entanglements, and protect and uphold the interests of the Countries of the Western
Hemisphere from European Aggression , under a policy known as the Monroe Doctrine And Whereas,
during the said period from August 1914 to April 11th, 1917, the Imperial German Government had on
Numerous Occasions Violated the International Laws of Nations in her dealings with the United
States Government, Neutral and Friendly Nations; And Whereas The President of the United States
through his Secretary of State had entered Protest after Protest to the Imperial German Government
against those acts, but without avail:	And Whereas, During the Month of March 1917 the Imperial

German Government gave Notice to the Nations of the World, that on and after the First day of Febr-
uary 1917, she would open a Submarine war of destruction in certain zones on the ships, property
and lives of all people found therein:	And Whereas, the said Imperial German Government has 

since the said 1st day of February 1917, carried on said Submarine War according to said Notice
by sinking our ships and killing our citizens, on the Open seas and in the regular course of
trade and commerce Premediately and without warring; And Whereas, The United States Government
has during said period towit; from the Early part of August 1914 to April 11th, 1917, Used every
Honorable method to avoid War with the Imperial German Government, but with out avail: And

Whereas, from the foregoing facts We feel that every American Citizen after a careful study of the
situation must come to but one conclusion Viz; To Stand Loyally and Firmly by our Government, Our
Flag, Our Country and Our Homes; and to show to the World at large without hesitation that we are

American Citizens, not only in name but at heart, ever ready when Honor and Justice demands it to
fight for Our Country, Our Flag, and the principals it represents:

And Whereas, The American People are every ready to meet and express their views on National
issues on the Public Forum:	Therefore be it resolved: That the 1st day of May 1917, be and is

hereby set apart as A Day for Patriotic Exercises in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;

And be it further resolved that the Mayor is hereby Directed to issue a Proclamation setting forth
in detail the general arrangement for said Exercises, And be it further resolved that the sum of One
Hundred ($100.00) be and the same is hereby appropriated to pay for Flags and Incidental Expanses
for the Public Demonstration.

The Vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Farnsworth
Aye Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called together sooner by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 2nd, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nev.
held on the 2nd day of May A.D. 1917, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball,
Elwell, Farnsworth, and Matzdorf being present, with City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the regular meeting and special meetings read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk.

Reports of officers read and a proved as read.

The question of setting aside a certain sum of Money for the Baby show to be conducted in said

City on the 2nd day of May coming on before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and

carried ordered that the sum of $25.00 be and the same is hereby apportioned out of the General fund
of said City.

The Board having heretofore ordered the purchase of a Federal Auto Fire truck for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, in the sum of $2,100.00 and having failed to designated out of what fund said
monies is to be paid it was then upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of
$2,100.00 be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the salary fund of said City to the
Fire and police fund of said City of Las egas, Nevada, and the City Clerk is hereby ordered and
Directed to draw his warrant for the payment of the same upon order from the Mayor of said City
upon the approval and acceptance of said Fire Auto Truck.

It was further called to the attention of the Board that the Police and Fire fund of said
city is short and no sufficient fund in the said fund for the payment of currents claims it was

upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of $700.00 be and the same is hereby

ordered transferred from the General fund of said City to the Fire and police fund of said City.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance granting permission to the Standard
Oil Company to erect Tanks and Storage tanks on the Company property of the Salt Lake Railroad
at the end of Lewis Street in said City for the first reading and upon motion being duly made and
carried it was ordered that said ordinance go over until the second reading of said Board.

At this time A.S. Henderson and C.E. Mc Carthy members of the Clark County Highway Commission
appeared before the Board and in formed the Board that the said Highway Commission was in a position
to repair the road at the end of Fremont street in said City connecting up with the Searchlight
Road of about a mile and asked said Board if they would authorize the said work to be done if so that
said work would be done for as little cost as possible, and it appearing to the Board that said work
would be of a benefit to said City and the same being in the City Limits of said City it was ordered
that said work be done with the understanding that said work was not cost an amount of over Four
hundred dollars to be paid by said City when the necessary funds are available in the City Treasurer.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the 10th day of May A.D. 1917. at the hour of
ten O'clock Am. of said day for the purpose of canvassing the official returns of the City election to
be held on the 8th day of May A.D. 1917.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 10th, 1917.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 10th day of May 1917. per adjournment of said Board. Present Hon. W.E.
Hawkins Mayor, With Commissioners Farnsworth, Ball, the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.
This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for the canvassing of the election
returns of the general election held in said City on the 8th day of May A.D. 1917, for the office
of Mayor, and Four Commissioners in said City, the Board proceeded to canvas said vote and found
the following towit;

For Mayor.

Floyd Francis.	62.

W.E. Hawkins	304

For Commissioner of the First Class.

W.H. Elwell	308

Harry U. Morrison	51

For Commissioner second class

C.	P. Ball	220

D.	Petty	94

Julia Russell	45

For Commissioner Third Class

Mrs Geo. Burnside	55

J.M. Ullom	299

For Commissioner Fourth Class

C.C. Howard	35

F.E. Matzdorf	170

W.J. Reid	160

Whereupon Motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth and duly carried
it was ordered by the Board that the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby Instructed to issue
certificates of election to the above named candidates receiving the highest number of votes as
shown by the official returns of said election the vote on said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioners Ball, aye, Farnsworth, aye, and his honor the Mayor. W.E. Hawkins Voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.
Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 6th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 6th day of June A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.B. Hawkins Mayor , With Commissioners Ball
Elwell, and Matzdorf, being present with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting held read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las egas, Nevada read and approved as appears from claim book on
file with the Clerk of this Board.

The Clerk then presented a petition from the Barbers of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada requesting
to the Board to pass an Ordinance regulating the hours of opening and closing in said City whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over
until the next meeting of the Board.

An ordinance granting to the Standard Oil Company the right and privilege to erect storage

Tanks upon property situated on Main Street in said City of Las egas, coming on before the Board

for second reading, it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board upon motion of



Commissioners Ball and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that said ordinance be

rejected for the present site or location upon the ground that it is the opinion of this Board

that owing to the unsettled condition of the Country at the present time, and to the further fact

that said Oil storage tanks will be in the center of Town where the same is liable to be of great

danger to the inhabitants and property alike in the way of fire and explosion it is deemed to the

best interest of all concerned that the Clerk of this Board be and is hereby instructed to write to

said Standard Oil Company informing them that they the said Board of City Commissioners deem it to



the best interest of all that they the said Company be refused a permit to erect said Storage tanks
upon the ground as set forth in said Ordinance and same being passed upon the following vote towit;
Commissioner Ball, Elwell, and Matzdorf voting aye, with his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye, Noes none.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioner Ball
and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned Seni
die.

Office of the City Clerk Las egas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 6th, 1917.

This being the time set by Law for the Newly elected members of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, to take office and there official Bonds and Oaths of office having
been duly filed and approved as by law provided and the Newly elected Mayor and Commissioners
having taken there Oath of Office as by Law provided; The Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , C.P. Ball,

W.H. Elwell ,F.E. Matzdorf, and J.M. Ullom Commissioners elect being Present his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins then called the Board together and proceeded to the first business of the day, Where-
upon Motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried it was
ordered that all appointive office in and for said City be and the same ire hereby declared vacant,
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom , aye, Matzdorf, aye,
Elwell, aye, Ball, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye, Noes None.

The matter coming on before the Board was the appointing of a City Clerk , Whereupon the names
of Harley A, Harmon and E.H. Hunting were presented to the Board for there consideration Whereupon
Motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered

upon the following vote that Harley A. Harmon be and is hereby elected to the office of City

		

Clerk in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Commissioners Ullom , aye Matzdorf, aye, Elwell
Ball, aye, and His honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes. None.

It was then upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following salaries be and
the same are hereby adopted for all City offices as follows towit;

City Clerk	$25.00 per month	and	a	Bond	in	the	sum of	 $2,500.00

City Attorney	$50.00	per	month	and	a	Bond	in	the 	sum of $1,000.00

Municipal Judge $25.00	per	month	and	a	Bond	in	the	 sum of $1,000.00

City Policeman	$125.00 per month and	 a	 Bond 	in	 the sum of $1,000.00

Truck Driver for Auto Fire Truck $50.00 per month.



The Clerk then presented the application of Frank A. Stevens for the position of City Attorney
in and for said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, and seconded
by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered upon the following vote that Frank A.

Stevens be and is hereby elected to the office of City Attorney by the Following vote towit;
Commissioners Ullom, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the application of W.F. Rector as Municipal Judge whereupon motion
of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it was ordered that
W.F. Recotor be and is hereby elected to the office of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las
Vegas Nevada by the following vote towit; Commissioners Ullom, aye, Matzdorf, aye, Elwell aye, Ball
aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Mayor then appointed the following named commissioners to the Various Departments towit;

J.M. Ullom as Commissioner of Finance and Revenue, F.E. Matzdorf as Commissioner of Police and Fire
Commissioner W.H. Elwell as Commissioner of Light Sewer and Water, C.P. Ball as Commissioner of
Streets and Public Property.

At this Time Police and Fire Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf notified the Board that he had appointed
F.A. Waite as Policeman for said City whereupon it was ordered by said Board that said Appointment
be and the same is hereby approved upon the said F.A. Waite taking his official Oath and filing his
Bond in the sum of One Thousand dollars, with the Clerk of this Board to be approved by the Mayor
of said City.

The fire and police Commissioner further notified the Board that he had appointed Earl F. Eglington 

as Driver of the Fire Auto Truck and the same was approved by the Board.

At this time Harley A. Harmon the duly appointed City Clerk presented his official Bond in the
Sum of Two Thousand Five hundred dollars with John S. Park and David Farnsworth as sureties on the
same which was approved by the Board.

F.A. Stevens the Duly appointed City Attorney then presented his official Bond in the sum of
one Thousand dollars with M.M. Riley and I.C. Johnson as sureties which was duly approved by the Board

The Clerk was then instructed by the Board to notify the other appointees to make out and file
there official Bond and oath of Office to be approved by the Mayor of said City.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the first Wednesday in each and
every month and is hereby established as the official meeting day of this Board.
Office of the City Clark, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. June 14th, 1917,

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las egas,
Nevada held on the 14th day of June A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
Ball, Elwell, Matzdorf, and Ullom being present, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Time the Clerk stated the object of the Call and read to the following Notice for
said special meeting by the Mayor as follows towit;

Las Vegas, 11th, 1917.

To Harley A. Harmon, City 

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

This will be your authority to issue a call for a special meeting of the Board

of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for Thursday June 14th A.D. 1917. for the



purpose of Considering the passing of an Ordinance granting to the Standard Oil Company the right
and privilege to erect storage tanks on its property situated on Main street at the end of Lewis
street in said City.

Witness my hand this 11th day of June A.D. 1917.

W.E. Hawkins Mayor.

Filed this 11th day of June 1917. Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

The. Clerk then read the Notice as sent out to each commissioner as follows towit;

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 14th, 1917.

To Messers Commissioners Ball
Elwell, Matzdorf, Ullom.

Sirs;

This is to notify you that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on the 14th day of June A.D. 1917. at the office of the
City Clerk in and for said City at the hour of Ten O'clock A.M. of said day for the purpose of
considering the passing of an ordinance granting to the Standard Oil Company the right to erect storage
and fuel oil tanks on Main street at the foot of Lewis street in said City. Your Presence is earnestly
requested.

In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of said City this 11th day of
June A.D. 1917.

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk.

The Board then proceeded to take up an ordinance governing the right to the Standard Oil Company
to erect Storage tanks on property situated on Main street at the foot of lewis street in said City
whereupon the Clerk read said ordinance in full to said Board of Commissioners , whereupon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that said ordinance be and the same is hereby passed
over until the regular meeting of said Board to be held on the 5th day of July A.D. 1917. the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball Aye, Elwell, aye, Matzdorf, aye,
Ullom aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

There being no farther business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 4th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the above mentioned date present all members of the Board. At this time it was upon motion
being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Ten O'clock A.M. of July
5th A.D. 19l7.	

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.



July 5th, A.D. 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment from July 4th, 1917. at ten O'clock Am. of said day Present Hon.

W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell, and J.M. Ullom. with the Clerk
and City Attorney, commissioner Ball being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las egas, Nevada allowed per claim book on file with the Clerk.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of Three hundred dollars
be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City to the Cemetery
fund of said City.

At this time it was ordered that that part of the minutes relating to the salary of the City
policeman of June 5th, be amended so as to read $150 dollars instead of $125.00.

The salary of the Cemetery sexton coming on before the Board it was after due consideration
of the Board ordered that the Salary of the Cemetery Sexton be and the same is hereby ordered to
be the sum of $75.00 per month instead of $50.00 per month as heretofore granted, and that the
matter of hiring said cemetery sexton be and the same is hereby delegated to the Cemetery Board
of said City.

The petition from the Barbers of said City requesting the Board to regulate the Hours of
closing of Barber Shops in said City it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that
said request be and the same is hereby ordered laid oh the table.

This being the time set for the reading of the ordinance granting to the Standard Oil Company
the right and privilege to erect storage tanks on Main street in said City for the second time
coming on before the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the Board upon motion
of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that this
matter be laid over until the next regular meeting of said Board. the vote upon said motion being
as follows towit; Commissioner Matzdorf , aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes None.
Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. August 1st, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 1st day of August A.D. 1917. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with all members of the
Board the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file the Clerk of
this Board.

Reports of Officers read and approved ad read.

At this time the Bond of W.F. Rector Municipal Judge was filed with with the Board and it app-
earing to the Board that the same is regular in every respect it was ordered that the same be and
is hereby approved.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that the residences of Bucks additions
to Las Vegas, Nevada had made a complaint to the effect that under the Franchise heretofore granted
to the said Buck he agreed to furnish sufficient water for the inhabitants thereof, but that under
said Franchise he had failed so to do, to such an extent that the said parties residing and living
in said Buck's addition did not have sufficient water for domestic purpose, therefore it was ordered
by the Board that the City Attorney of said City be and is hereby instructed to take up the matter
of Water with the said Buck and report back to this Board at its next regular meeting just what
can be done in the matter.

The question of the appointment of an Sewer Inspector coming on before the Board and it being
recommended to said Board by tbs Commissioner of Sewer that James Nimock be appointed as said
Inspector it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the said James Nimock be and
is hereby appointed Sewer Inspector in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada under the rules governing
said appoint upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One thousand dollars as by law
and ordinance provided.

At this time the City Attorney presented to the Board an Ordinance amending the Automobile
Ordinance of said City know as Ordinance No. 66 of said City for the first reading which was read
in full to said Board, whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said Ordin-
ance be passed over for the second reading of this Board at its next regular meeting in September.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.
His claim for Six Dollars for work performed on August 9th and 10th in the sum of $6.00 was
allowed, but his claims for work performed August, 14, 15, 17, 18, 20, 21, 28, and 29th, were rejected
upon the ground that said claims were illegal claims against the city in as much as the same were
for work that had never been performed by the said E.W. Creighton for the said City of Las Vegas
Nevada.

The matter of the supplying of sufficient water for Buck's addition having last meeting been
referred to the City Attorney for investigation the City Attorney at this time reported
to the Board that he had taken the matter up with the said Phillip Buck and that he had been
informed that they were taking the necessary steps to supply sufficient water, therefore it was
ordered by the Board that no action be taken in this matter at the present time.

At this time Frank Wait Night Policemen of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Appeared before the
Board and filed the following Complaint against Henery Squires who conducts the Squires Hotel
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.;

City of Las Vegas, )

County of Clark,	)	ss.	Complaint.

State of Nevada	)

To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;

Frank A. Wait, being first duly sworn, on oath deposes and Says :

That he is , and at all times herein mentioned was, a duly appointed, qualified and acting
City Policemen of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Affiant further says that he is informed and believes and upon such information and belief

so states the facts to be that Henry Squires, the holder of a retail Liquor dealers License from

the City of Las Vegas, has, on divers occasions prior to the making of this complaint, suffered

and allowed to be carried on upon the premises for and in respect of which said retail liquor license

has been granted and is held, Gambling, towit; Stud horse Poker, contrary to the provisions of Sec.

15 of Ordinance No. 38 of the City of Las Vegas, and particularly has allowed and permitted such

Gambling to be conducted and carried on upon said premises daring the Months of July, August, and

September, 1917.	F.A. Wait.

(seal) Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of
September , 1917.

Harley A* Harmon,

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas. Nevada.

Thereupon motion of Commissioners Matzdorf, and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and Carried
it was ordered that Henry Squires be directed to appear before this Board of City Commissioners
on the Monday the 10th day of September 1917, at the hour of Ten o'clock A.M. of said Day and
show cause why his retail Liquor dealers License held from the City of Las Vegas for the year 1917.
for Hotel Squires Bar should not be revoked or suspended for allowing and permitting Gambling to be
carried on upon said premises; the vote on said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Matzdorf Aye. Ullom, Aye. and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins Voting aye. Noes None.

At this time the Clerk road before the Board An Ordinance Amending ordinance 66 of the City of

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada September 5th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, and
J.M. Ullom, commissioners Ball and Elwell being absent, the Clerk and City Attorney being present
the Board then proceeded to business.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claim against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim booh on file with said City
except the claims of E.W. Creighton for Street work
Las Vegas, Nevada for the seconding reading Whereupon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf and seconded
by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried it was ordered that said Ordinance be and the same is
hereby passed as appears more fully in Ordinance Book One under Ordinance No. 69, to which
reference is hereby made, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Matzdorf aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye, Nones None.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board of City Commissioners in and for
said City by the Library Committee that one James C. Thomas who was a Member of said Library
Committee had resigned from said Board and that said Board recommended the appointment of one
George Hayes of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, Whereupon motion of Commissioners Ullom and seconded
by Commissioner Matzdorf and duly carried it was ordered that the said George Hayes be and is
hereby appointed as a member of said Library committee until the further order of this Board.
the Vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Ullom aye,
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
Tuesday September 10th. 1917.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada September 10-17

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, held for the purpose of considering the revoking of the retail Liquor license
of Henry E. Squires in said City, all Members of the Board Present, at this time upon the
request of Richard Busteed counsel for the said Henry E. Squires it was ordered that this
Board stand adjourned until Wednesday evening September 11th at 7:30 P.M. of said Day for the
purpose of considering said license. The vote upon said resolution being as follows towit
Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Ullom aye, Ball aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E.
Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nev.

September 11th, 1917.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Matzdorf Ullom, Ball
and Elwell with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the hearing of the quest inn of revoking the
retail liquor license of Henry E. Squires, and the said Henry E. Squires being present with
his counsel Richard Busteed, thereupon the Board proceeded to hear said Charges and testimony
in the matter. Thereupon the Clerk read the Complaint to the said Henry E. Squires in full setting 

forth the fact to the said Henry E. Squires that this had been the time set to consider
said matter, at this time Richard Busteed Counsel for the said H.E. Squires made a statement
to the Board to effect that that the Board could not hear this matter upon the ground that the

Board had no control oversaid matter and asked that said charge be dismissed , there upon said
Thereupon said objection was denied by the Board, thereupon the Clerk asked said H.E. Squires if
he was Guilty or not Guilty of the offence as charged in the complaint, thereupon the said H.

E. Squires refused to plead after being given a chance to plead in said cause.

Thereupon the Board proceeded to hear the evidence in said matter as follows;

Mr Van Ness, W.A. Taylor, Bert 0. Malley, Fred Davission, Joe Nakaka were all called sworn and
testified in the matter and cross examined by counsel for the said H.E. Squires, thereupon
H.E. Squires sworn and testified in the matter, Chas. Allen, F.A. Waite was also called sworn
and testified in the matter.	

Whereupon at this time the Board retired in executive session to consider said Charges and
after due consideration upon the part of the Board they returned and made the following resolution 

as follows Be it recommended that the said Henry E. Squires pay to the said Mr Van Ness
the sum of $208.75 money claimed to have been lost by the said Mr Van Ness in a card game
conducted in the said House of the said H.E. Squires, and further that this Board reserve its
decision in this matter until its next regular meeting in October 1917.

The vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf, aye, Ullom
aye, Ball Aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board atdnd adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
Las Vegas, Nevada October 3rd, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of the City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada Present all Members of the Board including the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board
Reports of officers read and approved as read.

This being the time set by the Board for considering the revocation of the retail Liquor license
of Henry E. Squires of the Squires Hotel and it appearing to the Board that the said Henry Squires



has complied with the recommendations made at the last meeting of this Board by filing with this
Board a receipted receipt from Mr Van Ness, it was upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded
by Commissioner Ball and duly carried ordered that said Complaint be and the same is hereby dism-
issed by this Board the vote on said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Matzdorf
No. Elwell aye, Ball aye Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor Aye,

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of a transfer of a retail Liquor license
of Henry E. Squires in the Squires Hotel to O.E. Barnett of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, and it
appearing to the Board that a bonified transfer has taken place of said retail liquor business
it was upon motion of commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried

ordered that said transfer be and the same is hereby granted, the vote on said resolution being

	

as follows towit; Commissioner Matzdorf, No, Elwell aye, Ball aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the
Mayor voting aye.

At this time Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf offers to resign from his said office of police and
Fire commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, but upon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered by the Board that this meeting stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 7th, A.D. 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the above mentioned date Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ullom and
Elwell, with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the Last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed except the claim of MiI. Newkirk in
the sum of Five dollars which was ordered laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board,
for further information.

At this time it was ordered that the sum of ($500.00) be and the same is hereby ordered transferred
 from the Salary fund of the City to the Street fund of said City.

It was further ordered by the Board the the sum of $200.00 be and the same is hereby ordered
transferred from the General fund of the City to the Cemetery fund of said City.

Upon motion of Comm. Elwell, seconded by Comm. Ullom, the following preambles and resolution
were adopted:

Whereas the report of the City Treas. of Oct. 31, 1917, shows an overdraft of $308.20 in the
funds of Sidewalk District No. 6, of the City of Las Vegas, which overdraft was caused by the pay-
ment of amounts therefrom upon contract due and payable out of the funds of Sidewalk District Bo. 5,
all of which is more particularly set forth in the Report of Special Accountant H. E. Freudenthal
filed with this Board on the 23rd day of February, 1917, and

Whereas it appears from said report of the City Treasurer that there are on hands in the funds
of Sidewalk District No. 5, the sum of $240.09, which should be transferred to the funds of said
sidewalk District No. 6, and that the deficiency of said overdraft should be paid from the General
Fund of said City of Las Vegas,

NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved, that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby ordered and directed:
I. To transfer the sum of $240.09 from the funds of Sidewalk District No. 5 to the funds of
Sidewalk District No. 6.

2. To transfer from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas to the funds of said Sidewalk
District No. 6, the sum of $68.11.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 5th 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 5th day of December A.D. 1917, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Ball, Ullom, and Elwell, City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time Mrs C.P. Squires appeared before the Board in company with Mr Geo. Hayes and made
a verbal report as to the condition of the City Librarysetting forth its needs and what it had
accomplished since it had been existence, thereupon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered by the Board that a Vote of thanks be extended to the Library Board of City of Las Vegas
Nevada, for the good work they had accomplished in said work.

At this time J.W. Squires appeared before the Board in reference to the Fire Department of said



City, calling attention of the Board to the fact that it would be necessary to make some arrangement
to prevent the material in the tanks from freezing during cold weather, and also setting forth
the fact that certain necessary supplies were needed for said Fire department, whereupon it was
ordered that this matter be referred to the Mayor of said City.

The question of extra police coming on before the Board it was upon motion being duly made ant
carried ordered that J.W. Squires be and is hereby appointed as a special officer for the month
of December in and for said City of Las Vegas Nevada at a compensation not to exceed the sum of
Forty dollars.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the written resignation of F.E. Matzdorf as Fire
and police commissioner of the City of Las Vegas Nevada said resignation to take effect at once
Whereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by commissioner Elwell and duly carried it
was ordered by the Board that said resignation be and the same is hereby accepted by this Board
to take effect at once, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Ball, aye Elwell, aye, Ullom, aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

At this time H.M. Lillis appeared before the Board upon behalf Of the Las Vegas School Board
No. 12 and requested that an electric light be established in front and rear of the Public school
building on Four street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, Whereupon after due consideration upon
the part of the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell
and duly carried ordered that an electric light be established in front and rear of said
Grammer school building in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, it was further ordered by the Board
that an electric light also be established in the front and rear of the Building of the High
school situated on forth street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, said construction of said
electric light to be under the supervision of W.H. Elwell the Light commissioner of said City 
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom
aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board at this time it was upon motion being duly
made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday December the 12th, at
nine O'clock A.M. of said to consider any all matters that may come before this Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 12th, 1917.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada;
held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ball, Elwell, and
Ullom, the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the applications of the following named persons
for retail liquor Licenses in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year 1918, as follows towit;

Jack Reynolds to conduct a retail liquor business on Main street situated in the Lincoln Hotel
D. Pecetto to conduct a retail liquor business on Main street situated in the Union Hotel.
The Hotel Nevada Mining Co. to conduct a retail liquor business on Main and Fremont streets known
as the Hotel Nevada.

John S. Wisner to conduct a retail liquor business on Main and Fremont streets situated in the New
Overland Hotel.

Fred. J. Pearce to conduct a retail liquor business on Fremont Street situated in the Las Vegas Hotel
Robert Schaffer to conduct a retail liquor business on First Street situated in the Charleston Hotel.
L.J. Holcomb to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in the Colorado Hotel.

O.E. Burnett to conduct a retail liquor business on First Street situated in the Squires Hotel.
Gragolia and Biama to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in what is known
as the old Turf saloon.

Ed. Van to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in the "00" Saloon.

A1 James to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in the Arizona Club Building.

Ed Wasserbach to conduct a retail liquor business on First street situated in what is known as the
Star Saloon.

Los Angeles Brewing Co. to conduct a wholesale liquor establishment situated on Main street.

Whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board upon motion of Commissio-
ner Ball seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried that the above licenses be and the same
are hereby granted for the year 1918, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioners Ball, aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of Lon Groesbeck for a transfer of license
from Fred Van Deventer to Lon Groesbeck of said City in the Northern Hotel on Fremont street where-
upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Ullom seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried
it was ordered that said transfer be and the same is hereby granted by the Board, the vote upon
said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioner Ball, aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye, and his
Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of Dog Licenses coming on before the Board at this time it was ordered that the said
Ordinance governing Dogs in said City and the licencing of the same be not changed and the Clerk
of this Board is authorized to purchase the necessary Dog Licenses for the year 1918.

The Mayor W.E. Hawkins, reported to the Board that he had received notice from a committee of
the Citizens of the City of Las Vegas requesting the appointment of various citizens in Different
parts of the City to be special policemen to assist in the enforcement of the Law and ordinances of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, The Mayor filed with the Clerk a list of the names of the persons
Present and participating in such meeting of the Citizens Committee, which were as follows;

Rev. W.H. Rogers, Rev Father O'Grady, John S. Wisner, E.F. Heinecke, E.W. Griffith, M.M. Riley,

Harley A. Harmon, W.R. Bracken, C.P. Ball, I.C. Johnson, W.H. Elwell, Rev. P.J. Smith, David Farnsworth
W.E. Hawkins and C.P. Squires. The Mayor also filed with the Clerk a list of the names of the
Persons whom said Citizens Committee had requested to be appointed such special Policemen, such
names being as follows: Dr. Roy W. Martin, W.E. Arnold, John F. Miller, W.B. Mundy, C.C. Ronnow,

A. S. henderson, Harry Mitchell, Geo. M. Hayes, R.J. Young Jr, C.S. Wengert, Joe. Smith, W.J. Reid,

W.H. Elwell, Geo. French, Lafe Holcomb, ED. VON TObel, Howard Conklin, C.E. Pembrooke, C.O. Snyder,

B.F. Whitmire, P.J. Sullivan, Leo. A. Mc Namee, Walter Pollock, T.C. Higbee, Chas, Wilson, C.K. Ingram.
Will Jones, E.S. Sheppard, O.D. Hicks, Walter Seare, Bert French, Leon Rockwell, JIM, Ingles,

F.N. Haight Chas. Ireland, W.E. Ferron, W.T. MC Neil, O.C. Cazel, C.M. MC Govern, W.N. Schuyler,
Ira Earl, W.H. Copper, J.H. Cragin, Dwight Doolettle. Thereupon the Mayor Indicated that no
appointments would be made or final action taken with respect to such matters until a Commissioner
of the Police and Fire department should be regularly appointed and qualify.

It was ordered by the Board that the City Clerk be and is hereby instructed to purchase Sixty
police badges for the City of Las Vegas,

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
Ordered that this Board adjourn

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, January 2nd, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las egas,
Nevada held on the 2nd day of January A.D. 1918. Present all members of the , Board with the Clerk
and City Attorney.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with this
Board.

Reports of officers presented and allowed by the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it
was ordered that the sum of $560.00) Five hundred and sixty dollars be and the same is hereby
ordered transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the Police fund of said City.

The question of retaining Jas. W. Squires as special officer for the City of Las Vegas Nev.
at a salary of forty dollars per month coming on before the Board it was ordered by the Board that
Jas W. Squires be retrained during the month of January 1918, under arrangements heretofore made
by this Board.

The Board then proceeded to take up the retail liquor applications for the year 1918 as
follows towit;

Jack Reynolds to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Main street in the Lincoln Hotel
Building.

D. Pecetto to conduct a retail liquor establishment on Main street in the Union Hotel Bldg.

Hotel Nevada Mining Company a retail liquor license corner of Main and Fremont Streets.



John S. Wisner a retail Liquor license corner of Main and Fremont street

F.J. Pierce a retail liquor license situated in the Las Vegas Hotel.

Robert Schaffer a retail liquor license situated in Charleston Hotel on First street.

J.& L. Holcomb a retail liquor License situated in the Colorado Hotel Bldg, on First Street.

O.E. Burnett a retail liquor license situated in the Squires Hotel bldg, on First Street.

Joe Graglia and Biama a retail liquor license situated on first street.

Ed Van a retail liquor license situated on first street, block 16.

A1 James a retail liquor license situated on First street.

Ed. Wasserbach a retail liquor license situated on first street.

It was then upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly
carried ordered that the above retail liquor license for the year 1918, be and the same is hereby
granted, the vote upon said motion being as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom, aye, Elwell aye.
and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Clerk then presented the application of transfer of retail liquor license from Fred Van
Deventer to Lon Groesbeck and it appearing to the Board that a bonified sale had taken place
and transfer of said business been made it was upon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by
Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said transfer be and the same is hereby granted

	

of the retail liquor license heretofore issued to Fred Van Deventer, the vote upon said resolution
being as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom, aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented the application of Lon Groesbeck for a retail liquor license to be cond-
ucted on Fremont street for the year 1918, whereupon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by
commissioner Ullom. and duly carried it was ordered that said license be granted for the year 1918.
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ullom aye and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

 The application of D. Pecetto for a whole sale liquor license and the Los Angeles Brewing Co.
Company for the year 1918, coming on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ullom and
seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said applications be and the same
are hereby granted for the year 1918. the vote upon said resolution be as follows towit;
Commissioners Elwell, aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being nofurther business before the Board it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

February 6th, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of L as Vegas, Nevada
held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners, Elwell, Ullom and Ball
being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board except the claim of Fred J. Pearce which was ordered laid over for the approval of the
City Police.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read.

 At this time upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of $800.00 be and
the same is hereby ordered transferred from the Salary fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to the
Police fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It was also ordered by the Board that the sum of $100.00 be and the same is hereby ordered
transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the Cemetery fund of said City of Las Vegas Nevada.
 At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the following towit; " To the Hon. Board of City

Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada. Gentlemen;--- Please accept this as my resignation as Judge of the

Municipal Court, In doing this it is with much regret, but I feel that someone can better fill the
position, and therefore respectfully resign, thanking you for past favors, I am yours very respectfully.

W.F. Rector.

Whereupon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Ball and duly carried it was
ordered that the resignation of W.F. Rector as Municipal Judge be and the same is hereby accepted the
same to take effect at once, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Ball aye Elwell, aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

The question of filling the vacancy of Municipal Judge in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada

coming on before the Board and it appearing that C.D. Breeze of the City of Las Vegas Nevada, will
accept said position it was upon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Ball and

duly carried ordered that C.D. Breeze be and is hereby appointed to the office of Municipal Judge
in and for the City of Las egas, Nevada at a salary of Twenty five dollars per month and he the said
C.D. Breexe to furnish office room for the said sum of twenty five dollars per month, and it is
further ordered that said appointment is to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient Bond in
the sum of One thousand dollars and taking his Oath of office, and the approval of said Bond by the
Mayor of said City of Las egas, Nevada.

The question of retaining J.W. Squires as special police officer for the month of February coming
on before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and
duly carried ordered that the said J.W. Squires be and is hereby retained for the month of February
and per arrangements heretofore made by this Board with the said J.W. Squires towit the sum of $40.00
per month.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that the Agreement between the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada the Consolidate power and Telephone Com of said City to furnish lights in said
City had expired, it was ordered and upon motion being duly made it was ordered that this matter be
referred to the Commissioner of Water works Sewerage and Light in said City and that he report back to
this Board ah an adjourned meeting to be held on the 18th of this month, the proposition of the Conso-
lidate Power and Telephone Co with his recommendations attached thereto as said Light Commissioner
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the Mayor of said City that it was
necessary to file a budget for the year 1918, on or before the 19th of February 1918., and that said
making of said budget will require some time it was suggested that when this Board adjourn that they
adjourn to meet on the 18th of February 1918. for the purpose of making up said Budget and taking up
any other matters coming on before the Board effecting the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that this Board stand adjourned until
Monday February 18th, 1918. at the hour of seven O'clock P.M. of said day for the purpose of consider-
ing any and all matters that may come before it as such Board of City Commissioners.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, February 18th, 1918.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, held on the 18th day of February A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor
with Commissioners Ball, Ullom, and Elwell with the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

The question of filing the vacancy on the Board of City Commissioner created through the
resignation of F.E. Matzdorf coming on before the Board and the Clerk having presented the names of
John F. Miller and C.K. Ingram as applicants for the position it was afire due consideration upon
the part of the Board and upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Ullom
and duly carried ordered that John F. Miller be appointed to fill the un-expired term as City
Commissioner in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada upon his taking the Oath of office and filing
his Bond in the sum of One thousand dollars with two sureties on the same, and it was further
ordered by the Board that the  Mayor W.E. Hawkins be and is hereby empowered to approve said Bond.
the vote being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball, aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom aye, and his honor
the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The question of erecting lights in and upon the School and High school grounds having
come on before the Board on the 5th of December 1917, and the Board at time having ordered and directed
the Commissioner of Streets and lights to install said lights, and it appearing to the Board
at this time that the cost of the same is greater than the Board thinks should be expended it was
Upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried ordered that
said order made on the 5th of December be and the same is hereby rescinded and revoked the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes none.

The Consolidated Power and Telephone Company proposed to continue to furnish electric power
for lights for the City of Las Vegas under and in conformity with the terms of that certain contr-
act entered into between said Consolidated Power and Telephone Company and said City of Las Vegas
of date the 6th day of November 1912, for an additional period up to January 1, 1919 at one and
25/100 Dollars, ($1.25) per light, to commence at that rate from February 1, 1918; the care of
such light system to be made in accordance with the terms of said contract. Whereupon Motion of
Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried the following resolution
was duly adopted.

Resolved, that the proposition of the said Consolidated Power and Telephone Company to furnish
electric power for lights for the City from February 1, 1918 to January 1, 1919 at one and 25/100
dollars ($1.25) per light, and to look after the up keep of the light system, all in accordance
with and as a continuation of that certain contract entered into between said consolidated Power
and Telephone Company and said City of Las Vegas on the 6th day of November 1912, be and the same
is hereby accepted. The vote on said resolution was as follows; Commissioners Ball, Elwell, Ullom,
and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes None.

The Board next proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las Vegas
for the year 1918. Upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ullom, the
following resolution was duly adopted; Resolved, that an ad valorum tax of eighteen (18) cents
on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada be levied, collected and paid for the year 1918, including the net
proceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as
and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Interest Fund. Be it further Resolved, that an ad valorum
tax of ten cents (10) cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying
and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada be levied, collected and paid for the year
1918, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation; said
tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Sinking Fund. Be it further resolved, that an
ad valorum tax of seven cents (7) cents on each one hundred Dollars worth of taxable property,
situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1918, including the net proceeds from the mines except such property as is exempt
from taxation said tax to be known as and used as the Las egas cemetery fund. Be it further
resolved, that an ad valorum tax of ten cents )10) cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied
collected and paid for the year 1918, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property 
as is exempt from taxation ; said tax to be known as and used as an General fund of the City.

Be it further resolved, that an ad valorum tax of fifteen cents (15) cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada be levied, collected and paid for the year 1918, including the net proceeds of the mines
except such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Street
Fund . the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ball, aye, Elwell aye,
Ullom, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Upon motion of Commissioner Elwell
and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried the following resolution was duly adopted
Resolved that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed to notify the Board of
County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada of the tax rate established and levied by this Board
for the year, 1918, and direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy, and cause the same to
be collected and paid. the vote on said resolution was as follows towit; Commissioners Ball aye
Ullon, aye, Elwell, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Upon motion of Commissioner
 Ullom and seconded by commissioner ball , the following resolution was duly adopted; Resolved
that for the year 1918 and for the year 1919 and until the further order of this Board all moneys
received from licenses, fines and sources other than from taxation be apportioned as follows;

25% thereof to the Salary Fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
25 % thereof to the Light fund of the City of Las Vegas. Nevada
50 % thereof to Fire and Police fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The vote on said resolution was as follows; Commissioners Ball aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom, aye, and his
honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and carr-
ied ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.



Office of the City Clerk Clark County Nevada.



Las Vegas, Nevada, March 6th, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
on the 6th day of March A.D. 1918, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners C.P. Ball, W.H.
Elwell, Ullom and John F. Miller with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the Mayor Appointed Bohn F. Miller the newly appointed City Commissioners to the
position of Commissioner of Police and Fire Departments of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

James Cashman appeared before the Board with a communication from the Pathe Weekly moving Picture
Concern relative to the taking of Moving pictures of the various enterprises in and around the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, where upon the said Board advised the said James Cashman to the effect that at
any time said Company was able to present a tangible proposition the same would be entered by this
Board and given due consideration, also informing the said James Cashman that the Board would be in
session again on the 11th of this month when the matter could then be brought to the attention of the
Board.

The Clerk then presented to the Board a communication from Mrs W.P. Mundy making complaint against
the piling and dumping of rubbish on a vacant lot across from her place of residence on First Street
where upon it was ordered that this matter be referred to Commissioner of Streets.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of A.D. Shaw for a building permit which was
ordered referred to the Police and Fire Commissioner.

	The Clerk then was instructed to have for the Commissioners the Budget for the year

1918, at a regular adjourned meeting to be held on the 11th day of March at Ten O'clock A.M. of said
day.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the 11th day of March 1918, to meet at the hour
of ten O'clock A.M. of said day.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.
Las Vegas, Nevada, March 11th, 1918.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada held on the 11th day of March A.D. 1918. Present Hod. W.E. Hawkins Mayor , With Commissioners
C.P. Ball, and Jm.M Ullom the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

The Board having meet for the purpose of preparing the Budget for the year 1918, it was after due
consideration upon the part of the Board ordered that the following be the budget for the year 1918.
and the Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed to have the same published for two issue in one of
the local papers as by law provided, the said budget being as follows towit;

Estimated Valuation.

Ralty ____-6 6 6 6___________________________________________________________________________§167,000.00

Improvements_________________________________________________________________________________$558,248.00

Personal____________________________ _ _______ _ _ _ ____________ ________________ _ ______$ 605,061.00

Requirements (Estimated)

Salaries of officials________________________________________________________________________$	1,680.00

Other Administrative expenses	—____________________________________________ ______ $	1,330.00

Police Department______________ _____________________________________________________________$	2,688.00

Fire Department______________________________________________________________________________$	672.00

Streets and Alleys___________________________________________________________________________$	1,995.00

Bond Interest and redemption_________________________________________________________________$	3,724.00

Miscellaneous;

Light____________________________________________$1680.00

Cemetery ____________________________________________$  931.00

	$3.611.00

Total________________________________________________$14,700.00

Receipts ( Estimated)

Licenses	$6520.00

Police Funds fines	$200.00

Other sources, excluding

taxation ______________________________ _ _ _ _ ________ _ _ ____$0000.00	$6,720.00

Balance	from	taxation________________________________________________________________________ $7,98O.00

Rate necessary to produce, 60 cents.

Cash on	hand	January 1st,	1918.	 $8,172.65

Balance	due second half	taxes	1917____________________________________________________________$2,000.00

The Clerk then read to the Board An ordinance to Amend Sections Nos 1 and 2 of Ordinance No. 10
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance Defining Vagrancy and Providing Penalties for
Vagrancy for the first time to Board whereupon it was ordered that said ordinance be laid over
until the next regular meeting of the Board for the second reading before said Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of said Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 3rd, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the the 3rd, day of April A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
J.M. Ullom and John F. Miller, the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

At this time a committee from the Mesquite Club of the City appeared before the Board requesting
the Board to take some action for providing for the gathering up of Garbage in said said City and
the passing of an ordinance regulating stock corrals in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered by the Board that this matter be
laid over until the next meting of the Board or until such time as there was a fully membership
of the Board present.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board An Ordinance entitled ordinance No. 70. " An Ordinance
to Amend Sections Nos 1 and 2 of Ordinance No. 10 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance
Defining Vagrancy and Providing Penalties for Vagrancy", as appears more fully in Ordinance Book
No. one of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada under ordinance No. seventy (70) of said City of which
refence is hereby made, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon
Motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Hiller and duly carried ordered that said
ordinance be passed and the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby instructed to have the said
Ordinance published in the Clark County Review a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada for a period of one week as by law provided. the vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit; Commissioners Ullom, aye, Miller aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk then read before the Board a petition from the residences in the block where the Cath-
olic Church is situated requesting the Board of City Commissioners to pass an Ordinance prohibiting
the keeping of Stock corrals within certain limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon
after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that this matter be laid over until
the next meeting of the Board.

The question of establishing a clean up day for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada coming on before
the Board it was then ordered by the Board that this matter be laid over until the next regular
meeting of this Board.

The question of retaining the day policeman on in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the month of
April coming on before the Board it was upon the recommendation of John F. Miller Fire and Police
commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ordered that James W. Squires be and he is hereby
retained as a special Policeman of said City for the Month of April at a salary of $75.00. for the
said month of April 1918. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom
aye Miller aye, and His honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 1st , 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nev.

held on the above mentioned date, Present Hon. Commissioners C.P. Ball, J.M. Ullom, W.H. Elwell

and John F. Miller with the Clerk and City Attorney, upon motion being duly made and carried it was
ordered that C.P. Ball be elected as Mayor Protem during the absence of the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada read and approved as read except the claims of

the Las Vegas Land and Water Company in the aim of $16.11 which was ordered laid over until the
next regular meeting for O.K. by the parties ordering the same. and the claim of the Las Vegas Age
in the sum of $10.55 for printing which was ordered laid over for approval by the party ordering the
same.

At this time Mrs Jurden appeared before the Board requesting of the Board that she granted
a permit to erect around the grave of her husband a cement curbing whereupon after due consideration
upon the part of the Board it was ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and is hereby instructed
to	obtain from the Cemetery Committee a set of there rules and regulations that govern said cemetery

so	that the Board may know more fully just what the rules of said Cemetery are, and that this matter

be	laid over until Monday the 6th day of May at eight o'clock P.M. of said day.

The application of the Gas Company of said City requesting that the said Board adopted an ordina-
nce amending the ordinance all ready in force in said City regulating the minimum and maximum rates
of Gas in said City coming on before the Board it was after due consideration upon the part of the
Board, ordered that the following ordinance be read for the first time before said Board as follows
towit; "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, Amending Section 4 of Ordinance No. 22 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance Authorizing Consolidated Power and Telephone Company, a corp-
oration, its successors or assigns, to construct, operate and maintain gas works in the city of

Las Vegas Clark County, State of Nevada. "whereupon after the reading of said ordinance it was ordered

by the Board that said ordinance be laid over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

There upon it wax ordered by the Board that this Board stand adjourned until Monday evening at

eight O'clock P.M. of said day to take up any and all matters that may come before said Board.

Office of the City Clark Las Vegas, Nevada
Las Vegas, Nev. May 6th, 1918.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the above mentioned date present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
Ball, Ullom, Elwell, and John F. Miller with the Clerk and City Attorney.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the request of Mrs Jurdgen for permission
to build a cement curbing around the grave of her husband which had been laid over from the last
meeting of the Board, whereupon the Clerk then proceeded to read said rules and regulations as
formed by said Board, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered
that said rules and regulations heretofore adopted by said Cemetery committee should be respected
and it was the unanimous opinion of this Board that all matters of this kind or nature should be
referred to said Cemetery Committee.

The Board at there regular meeting having referred certain recommendations made to them by
the Counsel of County Defence as relates to the revoking of the Retail liquor license of one Lon
Gorssbeck in the City of Las Vegas, and it appearing to the Board that said complaint is
matter that is not covered by either charter or ordinance in said City it was upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that a copy of said resolution be certified to by the Clerk of this
Board and that the said copy be fordwarded to Unites States Attorney General at Carson City Nevada
for action by the Federal authorities of the United states Government.

At this time the question of having exercises on Memorial day coming on before the Board it was
upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this matter be laid over to an adjourned meeting
of this Board to be held on the 13th day of May at eight O'clock P.M. of said day.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Monday May the 13th at at eight O'clock P M. of
said day.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 13th, 1918.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 13th day of May 1918. Present all members of the Board, at this time it was
upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Tuesday May
14th, at eight O'clock. P.M. of said day to consider the matter of having fitting services in said
City for Memorial day to be held on the 30th day of May, 1918.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nev.

Las Vegas, Nevada, Nevada, May 14th, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held as per adjournment Present Eon.

W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball, Ullom, Miller and Elwell, the Clerk and City Attorney,

being present.

This being the time set by the Board for taking up and considering the question of appointing
a committee of representative Citizens of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and formulate plans
to fitting observe -Memorial day which falls on the 30th day of May 1918, It was after due consider-
ation upon the part of the Board that that the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada a Proclamation
 to the effect that said day be declared a holiday and that the citizens of said City of Las
Vegas, Nevada fittingly observe said day as requested by the President of the United States by
proclamation heretofore issued, and it was further order that a committee be appointed from the	

Various religious and Fraternal Societies of said City to meet on the 21st, day of May in the County
Commissioners room in said Court house to formulate plans for said Memorial day, and further that

said Clerk of this Board be and is hereby ordered and directed to send notice to the following

named societies and originations in said City requesting them to be present on said date as follows
towit;

Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen---- -A. J. Feetham; Order of Railway Brakeman,--- Jno. Becwar;

Order of Railway Conductors--- C.M. McGovern; Locomotive Engineers J. Wilcox; Ladies Auxilary to

Order of Railway Conductors--- Mrs. Colvin; Ladies Auxilary to Order of Railway Brakeman-- Mrs. T. C.

Higbee; Ladies Auxilary to Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers--- Mrs. W. Jones; Masons-- W. H. Copper

Eastern Star-- Mrs. J. M. Ullom; I.O.O.F.-- W. F. Rector; Rebekas-- Mrs. N. Woods; K. of P.-- H.J. Wood-
ard; X. of C. Leo A. McNamee; Macabees-- Miss. M. Sheppard; Stray Elks-- M.M. Riley; Eagles-- Geo. Lane;

R.R. Shops-- Walter Seare Harold Cargin, A. L. Woodman; Methodist Church-- W.E. Rogers; Episcopal

Church-----P.E. Smithe; Catholic Church--- Jas. O'Grady; Morman Church-- C.C. Ronnow; Christian Sciense

Mrs. M. Espeset; Mesquite Club-- Mrs. G. Brockman; Cemetery Committee-- Mrs. I.C. Johnson, Mrs. C. M. McGovern
Mrs. W.B. Mundy, Mrs. C.L. Connelley; School Board-- Ed.H. Hunting, H.M. Lillis, Mrs. W. B. Morrow; Board of
Education--- Helen J. Stewart, S.W. Darling, O.C. Cazelt

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 5th, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 5th day of June A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball, Miller,
Elwell, and Ullom, with the Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meetings and adjourned meetings read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this
Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read and placed on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Mrs W.B. Mundy and Mrs C. M. Mc Govern members of the Cemetery Board appeared before the
Board of City Commissioners requesting the Board to set aside a certain sum of money for the building
and erecting of a screen porch on the house of the Cemetery sexton in the cemetery and estimated
to the Board that the same could be erected for about the sum of $100.00 whereupon after due considera-
tion upon the part of the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of
$100.00 be and the same is hereby transferred from the general fund of the City to the Cemetery fund
of said City for the purpose of erecting said screen porch.

This being the time set by the Board per a Notice given and duly published in the Clark County
Review for the receiving and opening of bids on Street sprinkling in said City, the Clerk then proceeded
to open said Bids as follows towit;

The Bid of Al. J. Clark	$6.50 Per day

The bid of Geo. Hooper	6.00 Per day

Bert French	$200.00 per month

J.M.	Miller	7.50	Per day

J.L.	Russell	6.40	Per day

J.M.	Heaton	5.50	Per day

Thereafter upon due consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon the motion of Commiss-
ioner Ullom and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that the said Bid of $5.50
per	day	for the sprinkling	of	said	Streets	in	said	City	as submitted	by	the	said	J.M.	Heaton	be	and

the	same	is hereby	accepted,	the	same	to	be	enforce	from	this day,	as	is	more	fully	set	forth	in	the

Notice to bidders for the said sprinkling of said streets, the vote upon said resolution being as
follows towit; Commissioner Ball, aye, Miller aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor
W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

This being the time set by the Board for the reading of the ordinance amending the Gas Rates in
the said City of Las Vegas Nevada for second reading, the Clerk there upon proceeded to read said
ordinance for the second time, whereupon it was by motion of Commissioner Miller and seconded By
Commissioner Ball that the following amendment to the proposed ordinance entitled " An Ordinance
of the City of Las Vegas, amending section 4 of Ordinance No 22 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
" An Ordinance Authorizing Consolidated Power and Telephone Company a corporation , its successors
or assigns, to construct, operate and maintain gas works in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada".
that that portion of said ordinance he amended as follows towit; that part of section four wherein
it reads as follows" "however , that no rate shall be changed during a period of less than
one year after being fixed (except as herein after provided for) and that notice of intention to
change rates shall be given to the local agent of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company or
its successors or assigns, at least thirty days prior to the date set for for the consideration of
such change" be amended to read as follows towit; " However , that no rate shall be changed during
a period of less than thirty days after being fixed ( except as herein after provided for ) and that
notice of intention to change rates shall be given to the local agent of the Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company or its successors or assigns, at least fifteen days prior to the date set for the
consideration of such change. "The vote upon said amendment was as follows towit; Commissioners Ball

aye, Miller aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.
Thereupon it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and
duly carried ordered that the ordinance as amended be and the same is hereby passed and the Clerk
of this Board is hereby directed and ordered to have the same published as by law provided and as
appears more fully in Ordinance book one of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada under Ordinance No. 71
of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit;
Commissioner Ball aye, Miller aye, Elwell aye, Ullom aye, and his Honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins
voting aye.

The Clerk then presented to the Board an ordinance amending the Fire ordinance of said City as
relates to the exempting from said Ordinance Lots no. 28, 29, 30, 31, and 32 in Block No. 15 of said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board and it
having been moved by Commissioner Miller and seconded by Commissioner Elwell it was ordered that
said amended ordinance be and the same is hereby denied upon the following vote towit; Ball No,
Miller, no, Elwell no, Ullom no, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless
called together sooner by order of the Mayor.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 20th, 1918.



At a regular called special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
said meeting being called by the Mayor of said City, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with members
of said Board, the City Clerk and City Attorney .

There upon the Clerk stated to the Board the object of the said special called meeting inform-
ing the Board that the object of said call was upon special request of the Mayor W.E. Hawkins for
purpose of considering the adoption of an amendment to Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas,
being an ordinance, entitled " An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regul-
ating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives, and to
consider such other matters as may come before such meeting, thereupon upon the Clerk Present ed
to the Board the written notice of the Mayor calling said special meeting which was ordered filed
and recorded as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada, June 17, 1918.

To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk

A special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
by me, to be held at the office of the City Commissioners in the Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on
Thursday the 20th day of June, 1918 at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M. on said day, to consid-
er the adoption of an amendment to Ordinance No 27 of the City of Las Vegas, being an ordinance, entitled 

" An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construc-
tion and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives, and to consider such other matters
as may come before such meeting. You will please make and serve notices in accordance herewith.

W.E. Hawkins

Filed June 17th, 1918. Harley A. Harmon Clerk.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following notice which was ordered filed and
spread upon the minutes as follows towit;	Las Vegas, Nevada June 17th, 1918.

To C.P. Ball, John F. Miller, W.H. Elwell, J.M. Ullom and W.E. Hawkins Mayor.

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

You are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day made by the Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the said City of Las Vegas will be

held at the office of the City Commissioners in the Court house at Las Vegas, Nevada on Thursday
the 20th, day of 
June, 1918 at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M. of said day, to consider the adoption of an
amendment to ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance fixing the fire
limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping and storage of
combustibles and explosives, "and to consider such other matters as may come before such meeting.
You will please be present at such meeting.

Filed June 17th, 1918.	Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

Thereupon the Board proceeded to take up the matter of amending the fire ordinance in said City

and after going into to said matter from all aggies and it appearing to the Board that this was

a matter that required considerable though and consideration upon the part of the Board it was



upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned unless called together
sooner	

by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. June	1918.

At a special called meeting of the Board pdf City Commissioners in and for the City of Las

Vegas, Nevada on the 25th, day of June A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners 

Ball, Miller, Elwell, and Ullom being present. the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Mayor stated to the Board purpose of said special called meeting setting

forth that said called meeting was for the purpose of taking up and considering the amending of

Fire and Building ordinance of said City.

Whereupon the Clerk then read to the Board notice of said specially called meeting as follows
towit;	Las Vegas, Nevada June 24th, 1918.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk.

I hereby issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, to be held at the office of said Board in the County Court house at the City
of Las egas, Nevada on the 86th day of June , 1918 at the hour of 8:30 P.M. to consider and act
upon a proposed amendment or amendments to ordinance No 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An
Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and
the keeping and storage of Combustibles and explosives, " and all ordinances and parts of Ordina-
nces mandatory thereof to supplemental thereto, You will please give notice to the members of
said Board in accordance with this call. At such special Meeting we will also consider such other
and further matters as may be brought before the Board.

W.E. Hawkins

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Filed June 24th A.D. 1918. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the written notice as personally served upon each of said
members of the Board of City Commissioners as follows towit;

" Las Vegas, Nevada, June 24th, 1918.

To Commissioners, Ball, Miller, Ullom, and Elwell and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins.

You are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of the City of Las
Vegas a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City will be held at the office
of the said Board of City Commissioners at the County Court House in said City of Las Vegas on
Tuesday, the 28th day of June, 1918, at the hour of 8:30 O'clock P.M. to consider and act upon

a proposed amendment or amendments to Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An
Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating combustibles and explosives
and all ordinances and parts of ordinances amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto, and to
consider and act upon such further and other business which may come before such meeting. Your
presence at such meeting is urgently requested. Harley A. Harmon , C
and filed of June 24th, 1918. Thereupon the Clerk stated to the members of the Board that he made
personal service upon each member of said Board of City Commissioners of the above notice for said
special meeting, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners and the Mayor of said City that
due notice had been given, the Board then proceeded to take up the matter of amending said Ordinance 
and provided for in said Notice, Whereupon the Clerk then read before the Board as amended for
second reading and it appearing to the Board that said ordinance is by law provided and will be to
the best interest of the City of as vegas Nevada and its citizens, it was then upon motion of
Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ball that the following resolution be adopted as
Follows " Whereas certain defects have been suggested Ordinance No 27 of the City of Las Vegas,
and considerable building is in progress within the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, and
it is necessary to the safety lives, convenience and property of the inhabitants of the City of
Las Vegas that said ordinance No 27 be amended, Now therefore, Be it resolved, that a emergency
exists for the passage of the ordinance proposed at this meeting to amend said ordinance No 27, and
that the same be passed as an emergency ordinance with the consent of the entire Board , the vote
upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners, Ball, aye, Miller, aye, Elwell, aye,
Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. None none.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried it
was ordered that said proposed amended ordinance be passed as read, said Ordinance being "AN Ordinance
amending section 2, 3, 6, and 7, of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled "An
Ordinance fixing the Fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the
keeping of combustibles and explosives, and as appears more fully under ordinance No. 72 of said
City in Ordinance Book number one of said City, and it was further ordered that the Clerk of this
Board be and is hereby instructed to have said ordinance printed and published as by law provided
the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioner Ball, aye, Hiller, aye, Elwell aye
Ullom, aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. Noes None.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.
Office of City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 3rd, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the above mentioned date, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners John F. Miller
W.H. Elwell, and J.M. Ullom, the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers approved as read and placed on file, except the report of C.D. Breeze as
Municipal Judge which was ordered referred back for more complete report.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas were allowed except the claim of C.D. Breeze as Municipal
Judge which was held up pending his filing a complete written report for the Month of June. 1918.

At this time the question of employing a city day Policeman coming on before the Board it was
upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the following resolution be adopted." Resolved
that the employment of James W. Squires as day policeman on a salary having expired June 13th, 1918
and that the office be and the same is hereby declared vacant and to have been vacant since June 13th
1918.

At this time Mr C.L. Connelly appeared before the Board regarding the installing of Fire Hydrants
in Bucks addition to Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and it appearing to the Board that the question of
Fire protection in said District was for the best interest and safety of said resident district it
was upon motion of Commissioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried ordered
that the following resolution be adopted as follows towit; " Resolved that the City furnish two or
more fire plugs on the water system, now operated by C.L. Connelly, under implied permission from
the City of Las Vegas, the said Plugs to be of such character, and at such place or places as the
Fire and Police Commissioner shall direct, such work to be done under the direction of such Fire and
Police commissioner; such plugs to be furnished and installed under express conditions that so long
as the said C.L. Connelly shall maintain and operate or be permitted to maintain or operate such
system in the furnishing of water to there he shall furnish water for the extinguishing of fires, and
for the practice and testing of fire plugs free to the City of Las Vegas and for the sprinkling of
Fremont street as extended from the termination at boundaries of Clark's Las Vegas townsite to Ladds
addition free of charge to the City of Las egas.

This ordinance shall not estop the City of Las Vegas from regulating or revoking the said license

or permit now operated by C.L. Connelly , Title in said Fire plugs to remain in the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Miller, aye, Elwell, aye,
Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye.

The vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Miller, aye, Elwell, aye,
Ullom aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye. noes None.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board that C.L.J. Clark has not returned to
the City of Las Vegas certain fire hose which was loaned to the said A.L. J. Clark for use in
developing a well in Mc Williams townsite, whereupon motion of Commissioner Ullom and seconded by
Commissioner Miller and duly carried it was was ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and is hereby
instructed to write to the said A.L.J. Clark requesting that he return said Fire Hose to the said
City of Las egas, Nevada. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners Miller
aye, Elwell, aye, Ullom, aye, and his honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board in August.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada, August 7th, 18.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ullom and Elwell, the City Clerk and City
Attorney being present.

At this time the question of making certain transfers from certain funds came on before the
Board and it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of Five hundred dollars
be transferred from the Police fund of the City to the General fund of the City.

It was further ordered that the sum of Four Hundred dollars be transferred from the Light fund
of the City to the Cemetery Fund of said City.

It was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Four Hundred dollars be transferred from the
Salary fund of the City to the General fund of the City.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the application of H.S. Mc Queen for a transfer of a retail
liquor license heretofore held by O.E. Burnett for the Squires Hotel situated on First street in said
City and it appearing from said application that a bonified sale had taken place wherein the said
Mc Queen had purchased the business of the said O.E. Burnett it was upon motion of Commissioner Ullom
and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried ordered that said transfer be and the same is
hereby granted said license to be in the name of H.S. MC Queen. the vote upon said resolution being
as follows towit; Commissioners Ullom aye, Elwell aye, and his honor the Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting
aye. Nones none.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board unless called
together sooner by the Mayor of said City.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada. August 12th, 1918.

At a regularly special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners Ball, Ullom, Elwell and
John F. Miller being present, At this time the Mayor stated to the Board the object of said specially
called meeting and requested the Clerk to read said call which was as follows towit;

To Harley A. Harmon City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada. August 8th, 1918. Dear Sir;

This is to notify you that I, W.E. Hawkins, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby
order and direct that a special meeting be held by the Board of City Commissioners on Monday the
12th, day of August, 1918, at eight o'clock P.M. at the Court house in said City.

Said meeting is for the purpose of taking up matters with the County Counsel of Defense relative
to War.

This will be your authority to notify said Commissioners of said meeting.

Very truly yours.

Filed August 8th, 1918. Harley A. Harmon Clerk.	W.E. Hawkins, Mayor

There upon the Clerk read the notice as sent out by him to the Commissioners of said call as
follows towit; To Commissioners C.P. Ball. John F. Miller, W.H. Elwell, and J.M. Ullom Sirs;

This is to notify that by a special call of the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada there
will be a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 12th day of August A.D.
1918. at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. of said day for the purpose of taking up certain important
matters relating to the War, and you are earnestly requested to be present on said day at said meeting

Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.

Filed August 8th, 1918. Harley A. Harmon City Clerk.


Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada, September 4th, 1918.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Nev.

held on the above mentioned date Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with members of the Board present

except C.P. Ball the Clerk and District Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the

Clerk of this Board, except the claim of the Consolidate Power and Telephone Co. wherein it was
ordered that this claim be reduced on account of the lights being out three nights of the month.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read, except the report of C.D. Breeze wherein it was

ordered by the Board that he file a supplementally report setting forth all eases handled by him

in his Court in which the City was interested.

At this time the question of passing an ordinance prohibiting the soliciting of alsm and money
for charitable purposes coming on before the Board it was ordered that the City Attorney be and he
is hereby ordered and directed to prepare an Ordinance governing the same and have the same ready for
hearing at the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of this Board.

Thereupon after general discussion of the request of the Clark County Counsel Defense of National
defense, upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Ullom and duly carried it
was order and resolved as follows towit; Whereas, a War Emergency exists; and Whereas, loafing,
gambling, and card playing for a living are not essential occupations; neither are they aids to the
Government in the prosecution of this War; NOW THEREFORE, in pursuance of the recommendation of the
Clark County Council of National Defence, BE IT RESOLVED, THAT ALL CITIZENS OF SAID GIT IF LAS VEGAS
be and they are hereby requested to desist, during the period of the War from all gambling for
money and its equivalent in homes, business houses and elsewhere, and to report any violations of
this request to the police officers of said City or to the Clark County Council of National Defence;
provided, that nothing herein shall prevent the playing with cards of social games for merchandise
only. BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all citizens be and they are hereby further requested to report
to such officers all cases of persistent loafing and idleness. BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy
of this resolution be published for one issue in the Clark County Review and the Las Vegas Age, news-
papers published in the City of Las Vegas, and that this Resolution be in effect on and after such
publication. Thereupon it was upon motion of Commissioner Ball and seconded by Commissioner Ullom
and duly carried, ordered at the foregoing resolution be passed. The vote upon said resolution
being as follows to-wit: Commissioner Ball aye Ullom aye Elwell aye Miller aye and his Honor the
Mayor W. E. Hawkins voting aye noes none.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas. Nevada. October 2nd, 1918.

		

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nevada
held on the 2nd, day of October A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioner Ball.
Elwell and Miller being present. J.M. Ullom being absent. the Clerk and City Attorney being
present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed except the claim of Conklin Brothers
which was referred back for O.K. by the part purchasing the same.
Reports of Officers read and approved as read.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of One hundred dollars be
and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the Salary fund of the City to the Cemetery fund of
said City, it was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Three Hundred dollars be and the same
is hereby ordered transferred from the Street fund of said City to the Police fund of said City.

It was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Two Hundred dollars be transferred from the
Street fund of said City to the General fund of said City.

It was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Two Hundred dollars be transferred from the
Salary fund of said City to the Light Fund of said City.

At this time a committee of the Cemetery Board appeared before the Board requesting that the
salary of the Cemetery Sexton be increased from Seventy five dollars per month to Ninety dollars
per month, whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered by the
Board that the salary of the Cemetery sexton be and the same is hereby raised from Seventy five 
dollars per Month to Ninety dollars per month said increase be good up to and until the first of
the year January 1st, 1919. the vote upon said resolution being as follows towit; Commissioners
Miller no. Elwell, aye, Ball aye, and his Mayor W.E. Hawkins voting aye.

The Cemetery Board also took up with the Commissioners the question of making the sexton a



special officers with authority only over the cemetery grounds and it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this matter be transferred to the Police and Fire Commissioner John F. Miller.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.



Las egas Nevada November 4th, 1918.

Minutes of Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
at the office of the City Clerk at Las Vegas, Nevada on this 4th day of November, 1918 at eight o'clock
A. M. in accordance with call and notice duly given.

Present, His Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, Commissioners Ball, Elwell , Ullom and Miller, City
Clerk Harley A. Harmon and the City Attorney.

A written acceptance of due call and notice of this meeting signed by each of the Commissioners
was presented and ordered filed, such acceptance being in words and figures as follows:

"Las Vegas, Nev. Nov . 4, 1918.

Due call and notice of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissi oners of the City of Las
Vegas to be held at the office of the City Clerk at the hour of eight o'clock A. M. on Monday the
4th day of November, 1918 for the purpose of enacting an ordinance to prevent the spread of Spanish
Influenza or La Grippe, is hereby admitted by the undersigned Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas.
	W. H. Elwell

	J. M. Ullom

C. P. Ball
John F. Miller

City Commissioners.

Thereupon a draft of Ordinance No. 73, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing
regulations to prevent the introduction and spread of Spanish Influenza or La Grippe into or within
said City of Las Vegas, providing for the wearing of antiseptic masks, and other matters properly
relating thereto." was read for the first time.

Thereupon Comm. Ullom presented the following resolution:

"Whereas, and epidemic of Spanish Influenza or La Grippe is spreading over said City of Las Vegas
and an emergency exists for the establishment of regulations to prevent the introduction and spread of
such disease or diseases into or within said City of Las Vegas,

Now therefore, be it resolved that due to such emergency Ordinance No. 73 presented at this meet-
ing be acted upon as an emergency Ordinance at this meeting upon it's second reading at this meeting."

The resolution was seconded by Comm. Ball. Upon being put to a vote the said Resolution was
carried upon the following vote: Commissioners Elwell, Ullom, Ball, Miller and His Honor the Mayer
W. E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes None.

Thereupon said Ordinance No. 73 was read for the second time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom, seconded by Comm. Ball, the following Resolution was duly
adopted:

"Resolved that Ordinance No. 73 as presented and read twice at this meeting, be and the same is
hereby passed and adopted as an emergency Ordinance, and that after the passage of the same such
Ordinance be published for one week (one issue) in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper pub-
lished in the City of Las Vegas."

The vote on such resolution being as follows: Comms. Ullom, Ball, Miller and Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes- none.

Upon motion of Comm. Miller, second by Comm. Ullom the following Resolution was duly adopted:

"Resolved that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to have printed and
distributed handbills in the form of draft presented to this meeting in order to give notice to the
public of the terms and conditions of said Ordinance No. 73."

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Comms. Elwell, Ball, Miller and Ullom and his Hon.
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nev.

November 5th, Las Vegas, Nevada,

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for their City of Las Vegas Nevada,
held on the 5th, day of November A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor With Commissioners
Elwell Ball and Miller being present, with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned
until Thursday Morning at ten o'clock A.M. of said day November 7th, 1918.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, November 6th, 1918.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 6th day of November A.D. 1918. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners
Elwell, Ullom, Ball and Miller the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada approved as appears more fully upon the claim
book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and carried
ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 4th, 1918.

At a regular session of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas

Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor, with Commissioners Ball Ullom

and Miller being present, with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.



All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of
this Board.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and

carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Board.


Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada
Las Vegas, Nevada January 1, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the city of Las Vegas held
on the above mentioned date.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city were allowed except the claim of the Light & Power Company which
was reduced from $165.00 to $160.00 on account of not sufficient funds in the Light Funds and all
claims are booked and filed with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time upon motion being duly made and carried that the office of night police in and for
the city of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby vacated.

It was upon motion being duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until January
3, 1919 at 10:00 A. M.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada January 3, 1919,

All Commissioners present with the Clerk and the City Attorney.

At this time it appeared to the Board of the City Commissioners that owing to the
discontinuance of the Liquor License in the city of Las Vegas, the city funds will not be
sufficient for the year 1919, especially so the Light Department and it was upon motion made by
Commissioner Miller and seconded by Commissioner Ball that the following resolution be adopted.

"Whereas, the contract with Consolidated Power & Telephone Company for the furnish-
ing of electric light to the City of Las Vegas, under and by virtue of that certain re-
solution adopted by this Board on February 18, 1918, expired by the terms of said Re-
solution on January 1, 1919, and

"Whereas on account of the low condition of funds in the special fund for light
purposes it is not deemed advisable at this time to renew said contract for a long
period of time,

"NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved that the Commissioner of Lights, Sewerage and Water,
the Hon. W. H. Elwell be and he is hereby authorized on behalf of this Board to enter
into arrangements with said Consolidated Power & Telephone Company for the furnishing or
electric light at the rate of $1.25 per light per month, but such arrangement to be
  only from month to month until the further order of this Board, and provided further that
the number of lights to be supplied shall immediately be reduced to one-half the number
now being supplied and that the lights to be maintained and those to be discontinued be
designated by said Commissioner of Lights, Sewerage and Water to said Consolidated Power
and Telephone Company. It being further understood that the arrangement for supervision
and such light system shall be the same as provided for in said Resolution of February
18, 1918, but that the arrangement so to be made with said Consolidated Power & Tele-
phone Company be terminable at the pleasure of this Board upon notice to said Company.

"Be it further resolved that a certified copy of this Resolution be served upon said
Company.

"The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Miller, Elwell, Ullom
Office of the City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nev. Feb. 5, 1919

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 5th day of February, 1919, present Hon. W . E. Hawkins, Mayor with members
John F. Miller, W. H. Elwell, Commissioners with the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city were allowed	by the Board except the claim of A1 James and

Jack Reynolds for refund on liquor license. It was order referred to the City Attorney for his
opinion as to the legality of the payment of said claim. The bill of the Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company was reduced to the sum of One Dollars and thirty cents ($1.30) for the reason
that the said charge and said claim for a telephone at the Fire House should not be charged as
Commissioner Miller notified the Board that a notice had been served to the said Consolidated
Power and Telephone Company to remove said telephone and which they had filed to do upon the date
of the notice.

At this time it appeared to the Board that there was no sufficient money in certain funds,

it was upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered, that the sum of One Hundred and Fifty

($150.00) Dollars be and is hereby transferred from the General fund of the city to the Light fund
of the city and it was further ordered by the Board that the sum of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars
be transferred from the General fund of said city to the Police fund of said city.

The question of the shortness of fund coming on before the board it was upon motion being
duly made and carried that the Clerk hereby discontinue the publication of bill allowed until the
further order of this Board.

It appeared to the board that the this time that it be necessary to make up a budget for the
city for the year 1919. It was upon motion being duly made and carried that this Board adjourn
until February 19 at 3 P. M. of said day for the purpose of considering said budget.

and Ball and W. E. Hawkins, His Hon. the Mayor voting aye. Noes none."

It was further ordered that the telephone at the Fire House be discontinued and the Clerk
is hereby ordered to notify the Telephone Company to that effect.

At this time it was stated that there was a vacancy in the Library Board of said city
due to the resignation of one George Hayes who had resigned. Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner
Ball and seconded by Commissioner Ullom it was ordered that E. E. Smith of the city of Las Vegas
be and is hereby appointed to fill said vacancy.

At this time the question of consolidating the night police and the Fire Truck driver
coming on before the Board and it appeared to the Board that it be to the best interest to the people
of Las Vegas and to the financial condition to consolidate these two departments and for one man
to look after the fire and police apparatus of said city. It was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that fire and police commissioners fo said city be and are hereby ordered and
directed to employ a man for the position of police and fire watchman in the city of L as Vegas at
a salary not to exceed the sum of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars per month.

The vote of said resolution was as follows to-wit:

Commissioners Ullom, aye; Elwell, aye; Ball, aye; Miller, aye; the Hon. Hawkins, Mayor,
aye. Noes none.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until its next regular meeting in February.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, February 19 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of February, 1919. Present Hon. C. P. Ball, Mayor
pro tem, commissioners Ullom and Miller with the clerk and city attorney present.

	This being the time set by said Board to take up the budget for the year 1919. The Board there-

upon proceeds to work into said matter and determined that it would be necessary to levy an occupation
tax and a business tax in the said city.

Thereupon the city attorney was instructed to draw an ordinance covering said tax and present
the same to the Board at its adjourned meeting to be held on the 24th day of February, A. D. 1919 at
7:30 P.M.

Thereupon motion being duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until 7:30 P.M.
of the 24th day of February A. D. 1919.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, February 24,1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for said city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 24th day of February, 1919. Present Hon. C. P. Ball, Mayor
pro tem, commissioners Elwell, Ullom and Miller, Clerk and the City Attorney present.

The Board then proceeds to take up the ordinance covering the tax upon occupation and business
of said city as presented by the city attorney and after general discussion of said Board it was found 
that this matter could not be settled at this meeting, therefore, it was, upon motion being duly	

made and carried, ordered that this meeting stand adjourned until February 26, 1919 at 7:30 P.M. of
said day.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, Feb. 26, 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, in and for said city of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on February 26, 1919 at 7:30 P. M. Present Hon. C. P. Ball, Mayor pro tem
commissioners Ullom, Elwell and Miller.

The Board having met for the purpose of going over and preparing a license tax in said city

and after general discussion said Ordinance was read for the first time it was ordered that this 
matter go over until March 3 at 7:30 P.M. of said day; for second reading of said ordinance.



At this time Commissioner Miller called the Board's attention to the fact of making a change in the office of the 
municipal judge and it being the senses of opinion that a change would be satisfactory to all concerned it
was, upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the office of the municipal judge how
held by C. D. Breeze, of the city of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby vacated; said vacancy to
take effect March 1, 1919.

Thereupon motion being duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until March 3, 1919
at 7:30 P. M. of said day.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said Budget be signed on behalf of this Board by the Mayor
and attested by the City Clerk, and that the same be filed with the City Clerk, and a copy there-
of be published for two publications one week apart in the C lark County Review, a weekly news-
paper published in the said City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Miller, Elwell, Ullom, and his
Honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board next proceeded to take up the matter of the levy on taxes for the City of Las Vegas
for the year 1919. Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom, seconded by Commissioner Miller, the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorum tax of Eighteen cents (18 cts.) on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, laying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1919, including the net proceeds of mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage
Interest Fund.

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorum tax of Five cents (5 cts.) on each on hundred dollars
worth of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1919, including the net proceeds of mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage
Sinking Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorum tax of Seven cents (7 cts.) on each One Hundred

Dollars worth of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of

Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1919, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Cemetery
Fund.

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorum tax of Eighteen cents (18 cts.) on each One Hundred
Dollars worth of taxable property, situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1919, including the net proceeds of mines, except

such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be	known as and used as the Las Vegas General

Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorum tax of Eight cents (8 cts.) on each One Hundred
Dollars worth of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1919, including the net proceeds of mines, except

such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Street

Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorum tax of Eight cents (8 cts.) on each One Hundred

Dollars worth of taxable property, situate , lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of

Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1919, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Light
Fund.

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorum tax of Eleven cents (11 cts.) on each One Hundred
Dollars worth of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1919, including the net proceeds of mines,
except such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax to he known as and used as the Las Vegas

Salary Fund.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 3rd, 1919.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 3rd, day of March A.D. 1919. Present Hon. W.E. Hawkins Mayor with Commissioners
Miller, Elwell, Ullom the City Clerk and City Attorney being present.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the Budget and tax levy for the year 1919.
in accordance with the provisions of the Statute , the matter being discussed at length Thereupon,
upon motion of Commissioner Ullom seconded by Commissioner Miller, the following Resolution was
duly adopted:

Resolved that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do adopt for the year 1919
the following Budget, to-wit:

City Budget Estimated valuation.

Realty---------------------------------------------------------------------------$167,000.00

Improvements--------------------------------------------------------------       $558,248.00

Personal-------------------------------------------------------------------      $605,061.00

Requirements (Estimated)

Salaries of officials------------------------------------------------------------$	1,463.34

Other administrative expenses----------------------------------------------------$	2,394.55

Police Department------------------------------------------------------      ----$	1,800.00

Fire Department-------------------------------------------------------------    -$	200.00

Streets and alleys-------------------------------------------------------------  $	2,394.55

Bond Interest and Redemption------------------------------------------------    -$	3,059.71

Miscellaneous:

Lights------------------------------------------------------- $1,064.00

Cemetery--------------------------------$	931.21	$	1.995.21

Total---------------------------------------------------$ 13,307.36

Receipts (Estimated)

Poll tax for street	fund--------------------$2,000.00

Licenses-------------------------------------$1,800.00

Police Fines------------------ — ------------$	200.00

Other sources,	excluding taxation------------$0.000.00	$	4,000.00

Balance from taxation----------------------------------------------------------  $	9,972.61

Rate necessary to produce,	75 cents.

Cash on hand January 1, 1919-----------------------------------------------------$	13,055.87

Balance due second half taxes, 1918---------------------------------------      -$	2,000.00

Adopted this 3rd day of March, A. D. 1919, by the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

W. E. Hawkins,

Attest:	Mayor.

Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk
(Seal)
The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Miller, Elwell, Ullom and Mayor
W. E. Hawking, voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom, seconded by Commissioner Miller, the following "Resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed to notify in writing
the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada of the tax rate established and levied by
this Board for the year 1919, and direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy, and cause the
same to be collected and paid.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Miller, Elwell, Ullom and the Mayor
W. E. Hawkins, voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ullom, seconded by Commissioner Miller, the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Resolved that for the year 1919 and for the year 1920, and until the further order of this
Board all moneys received from licenses and fines be apportion as follows: all of said licenses and
fines shall be placed in the Five and Police funds of said City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows; Comms. Miller, Elwell, Ullom and the Mayor,
W. E. Hawkins voting aye, Noes, none.

At this time the question of filing the vacancy in the office of the municipal judge com-
ing before the Board, it was, upon motion duly made and carried, ordered that Henry M. Lillis of
the city of Las Vegas be and is hereby appointed to the office of the municipal judge in and for
said city at a salary not to exceed the sum of Twenty-five Dollars per month and further that the
said Henry M. Lillis file his official bond in the sum of One Thousnnd Dollars and take the
necessary oath of office as by law provided.

There being no further business before the Board it was ordered that this Board stand ad-
journed.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, March 5, 1919

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, in and for the city of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 5th day of March, A. D. 1919. Present Hon. W. E. Hawkins, Mayor, with commiss-
ioners Miller and Elwell and the City Attorney and Clerk being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting read and approved as read.

At this time Commissioner Miller informed the Board that he had made a change in the night

watchman and that instead of Gill Helm acting as watchman that one Wm. S. Ball had been appointed Chief of Police and

watchman at a salary of One Hundred and Fifty ($150.00) Dollars per month. Thereupon motion being



duly made and carried, ordered that said appointment be approved and further that said Wm. S. Ball furnish a
bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars and take the oath of office, the same to be approved by the
mayor of said city.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition of residents on Third Street re-
questing a side walk be laid between Stewart street and Clark street on Third street on the north
side of the street. After due consideration it was order that this matter be referred back to
the petitioners requesting that they procure on said petition a majority of the property owners
on said street and that the same will be considered by the Board at their next regular meeting if
properly presented.

At this time Henry M. Lillis, the duly appointed municipal judge, in and for said city
filed his official bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars with I. C. Johnson and W. E. Arnold as
securities, thereupon motion being duly made and carried ordered that said bond of the said Henry
M. Lillis as municipal judge of said city be and the same is hereby approved.

The Board having heretofore considered an ordinance covering the collecting of a license
and levying of a license tax in said city, and the said ordinance coming on for second reading and
the same having been read to the Board in full and approved, it was then upon motion of Comm-
issioner Elwell and seconded by Commissioner Miller, ordered that said ordinance be adopted and passed
as read to be in full force and effect upon and after its publication of one week in the Clark
County Review a weekly newspaper published in said city, Clark County, Nevada, as is more fully
set forth in the Ordinance Book No. one under ordinance No. 74 of said city, Las Vegas, Nevada
to which reference is hereby made.

The next business considered by the Board was the calling of an Election to be held for the
purpose of electing a Mayor and four commissioners. Thereupon after a discussion on the matter the
following was adopted, Resolved that

"Under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a general
election shall be held on the First Tuesday after the First Monday of May, every odd numbered year
dating from the First Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1913, and it appearing therefrom that a
General Election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday in May 1919 and the matter coming up regularly to be heard and arrangements made therefor, on
motion of Commissioner John F. Miller, seconded by Commissioner W. H. Elwell, the following Resolutions
were adopted, to-wit:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held, at the City Fire
House, situated on lot 23, Block 15, of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
for voting precinct No. One and at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage situate on lot 27 in Block 29, of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for voting precinct No. two, on the 6th
day of May, A. D. 1919 for the election of a Mayor and four commissioners; That the polls be opened
at 8 o'clock A. M. and close at 6 o'clock P.M. on said day; That Mrs. Marie Heinecke and Mrs. John
Lightfoot and John W. Tuck be and are hereby appointed Inspectors of such election at the City Fire
House, in precinct No. One, and Mrs. J. J. Silk and Mrs. F. M. Fellrath and Mrs. Bessie O'Riley
Gamble be and are appointed Inspectors of Election at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage, in precinct No. Two
to conduct the same in accordance with the Laws of the State of Nevada governing Elections.

Be it further Resolved that no candidate for office at said election shall be entitled to have his
name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least ten days before the date of such
election, file in the office of the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a certificate of
nominate ion, in writing, containing the name of the person nominated. Such certificate shall be signed
and verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein possesses
the qualifications as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;

And be it further resolved that all provisions of the law relating to general elections so far
as the same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the provisions of the City Charter of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such election;

AND EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby
authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of said election.

Such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary
or required to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the date,
time and places of holding such election, the purpose thereof, the condition under which held, the names
of the Inspectors, the method and manner of classifying the commissioners, on ballot and such other
matters as may be deemed proper in the premises.

AND EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such proclamation be published in the Clark County Review, a
Newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a per-
iod of at least four consecutive weeks (four issues) prior to the date of such election and printed
copies of such proclamation be posted by the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in six public
places in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the same period of time, three of said Proclamations
to be posted in each of said voting precincts.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is
hereby authorized and directed to notify the duly elected, qualified and acting registry agent in and
for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books for the registration of the
voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for said election at the time and in the manner provided by the
laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration of voters in incorporated cities
Registration Books shall open March 17, 1919.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purpose of complying with the general law of the State
of Nevada, governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified voters of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, a full and fair opportunity of casting their ballots at such election the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby divided into two (2) voting election precincts described as
follows, to-wit:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, lying and being North of the Center line
of Carson Street extended easterly and westerly across the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be

designated and known as Las Vegas City Voting Precinct Number One (1), and all that portion of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, lying and being south of the Center line of Carson Street extended
easterly and westerly across the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be designated and known as Las
Vegas City Voting Precinct Number Two (2).

Be it further Resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is
hereby authorized and directed to have the official Ballots prepared and to do and perform all
such acts and give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in order that the said
election may be called and held and the qualified Voters may have due notice thereof as required
by the laws of the State of Nevada governing and as required	by the provisions of the City Charter

of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and this resolution.

A roll call of the members was taken on the foregoing resolution and resulted as follows, to
wit: Commissioner W. H. Elwell voting aye, Commissioner John F. Miller voting aye, and his Honor
the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins voting aye.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, April 2, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of
Las Vegas held on the 2d day of April A. D. 1919. Present Hon. W. E. Hawkins, Mayor, with
Commissioners, Elwell, Miller and Ball with the Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time it was, upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the
sum of One Hundred and fifty Dollars ($150.00) be transferred from the Street fund to the Police
fund. It was further ordered by said Board that the sum of One Hundred ($100.00) Dollars be
transferred from the Street fund to the Light fund of said city.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the applications of Al. James
and John F. Miller for retail liquor license in the City of Las Vegas and said applications were
layed over until the next regular meeting of the Board.

At this time it being called to the attention of the Board that the Members of
the Cemetery Committee, term of office has expired and that the said committee should be
reappointed. It was, upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the following members
be appointed for said Cemetery Board for the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the following terms
of years as follows, to-wit: Mrs. I. C. Johnson, 1 year; Mrs. Ellen J. Connelly, 1 year; Mrs.
John Lause, 2 years; Mrs Helen J. Stewart, 2 years; Mrs. W. B. Mundy, 3 years and Mrs. C. M.
McGovern, 3 years.

There being no further business before the Board, it was upon motion being duly
made and carried, ordered that this Board stand adjourned.
OFFICE of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada, May 7, 1919.

At the last regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of May, 1919. Present Hon. W. E. Hawkins, Mayor with Commissioners
John F. Miller and J. M. Ullom being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas were allowed as per claim book on file in

the Clerk's office.

Reports of the officers read and approved as read.

At this time it was ordered by the Board that the sum of Two Hundred and Fifty ($250.00)
Dollars be transferred from the Cemetery fund to the General fund of said city.

The Clerk then presented to the Board a request from the members of the Cemetery Committee
requesting that a telephone be installed in the Cemetery Sexton's house at the Cemetery of Las Vegas
Whereupon after due consideration upon the part of the Board it was ordered that said telephone be
installed and the Clerk of this Board advise Mrs. W. B. Mundy, secretary of said committee.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the Clerk that all the re turns
of the City Election held on the 6th day of May, 1919, were in and that the vote of election should

be canvassed at this time. Thereupon the Board proceeds to canvas the vote as cast on the 6th day

of May, 1919, for Mayor and four commissioners of said city and found the following, to-wit:

MAYOR

W. E. Ferron	123

COMMISSIONER— FIRST CLASS

W. E. Arnold	97

John F. Miller	62

COMMISSIONER— SECOND CLASS

Ralph Thomas	89

COMMISSIONER— THIRD CLASS

George H. French	112

COMMISSIONER— FOURTH CLASS

Howard Conklin	113

Thereupon it appearing to the Board from said canvass that W. E. Ferron had received the
highest	number 	of	 votes for the office of Mayor of said city and that W. E. Arnold has received the

highest	number	 of votes for	 Commissioner of the First Class; that Ralph Thomas has received the

highest	number	 of votes for	 Commissioner of the Second Class; that George H . French has received the

highest	number 	of 	votes for	 Commissioner of the Third Class; and that Howard Conklin has received the

highest	number 	of 	votes for	 Commissioner of the Fourth Class of said city. It was, upon motion being

duly made and carried, ordered and directed that the above named parties be and they are hereby
declared duly elected to their respective offices and the Clerk of this Board is hereby directed to
issue Certificates of Election to the above named parties.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board for second reading an ordinance to amend
section seven of ordinance #48 of the City of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulating and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter
specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license
tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and re-
pealing Ordinances Nos. 1,2,4,13,14 and 35" approved December 3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915
by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and farther amended March 5, 1919 by Ordinance #74
of the City of Las Vegas, by amending subdivision 27 of said section seven And adding a new sub-
division to be known as subdivision #44 to said section seven, all of which appears more fully
in Ordinance Book No. One of the City of Las Vegas, under Ordinance #75 of said city of which
reference is hereby made. Whereupon after reading said ordinance and the said reading being the
second reading it was, upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Miller and seconded by Comm-
issioner Ullom duly carried, that the above ordinance #75 be and the same is hereby passed to
become an Ordinance of said City. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Comm-
issioner Miller, aye; Commissioner Ullom, aye; and his Honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, aye; noes
none.

The question of having a suitable exercise for the observing of Decoration Day of said

City coming on before the Board, and it appearing to the Board that a suitable exercise should be

held on Decoration Day, it was, therefore, ordered that the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, issue a



proclamation setting aside Decoration Day as a public holiday, the same to be observed by the citizens
of the said city of Las Vegas . It was further ordered upon motion of Commissioner Miller and
seconded by Commissioner Ullom that a committee be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners
to formulate plans for the National Memorial Day, Friday, the 30th day of May, 1919, and it is
further ordered and directed that the formulating of said plans are carried out on said Memorial
Day under the jurisdiction and control of the members of the Cemetery Committee of the City
of Las Vegas. The vote upon said resolution was as follows; to wit: Commissioner Miller aye;
Commissioner Ullom, aye; and his Honor the Mayor, W. E. Hawkins, aye; noes none.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 4, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, Present Hon. W. E. Hawkins, Mayor, with Commissioners John F. Miller and
W. H. Elwell with the City Clerk and the City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of the officers approved.

At this time upon motion being duly made and carried, it was ordered that the sum of
One Hundred and Fifty ($150.00) Dollars be transferred from the Street Fund to the General Fund
of said city; further ordered that the sum of Eighty-five ($85.00) Dollars be transferred from
the Street Fund to the Salary Fund; further ordered that the sum of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars be
transferred from the Street Fund to the Light Fund of said city.

All claims against the city of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file in clerk's

office.

There being no further business before the Board and this being the last meeting of
the Board of City Commissioners the new duly elected Board who were elected to office on May
6, 1919, having qualified and taken the required oath of office and filed their official bond and
being ready to assume their duties as Mayor and Commissioners of said city, it was upon motion of
Commissioner Miller and seconded by Commissioner Elwell and duly carried, ordered that this Board
stand adjourned sine-die.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

June 4, 1919.

This being the time set by law for the newly elected Board to take office and the
following members having heretofore been elected on the 6th day of May, 1919. Present his Honor,
the mayor, W. E. Ferron; Commissioner of the first class, W.E. Arnold Commissioner of the
second class, Ralph Thomas; Commissioner of the fourth class, Howard Conklin; Commissioner of
the third class, G. H. French, not being present. The abovenamed members of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, having filed their bond and taken their oath of office
and qualified as follows to-wit: W. E. Ferron in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars
with Will Beckley and Ed. W. Clark as sureties; W. E. Arnold in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars with W. I. Roberts and John S. Wisner as sureties; Ralph Thomas in the sum of One Thou-
sand ($1,000.00) Dollars with W. E. Hawkins and O. C. Boggs as sureties; G. H. French in the sum
of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Roy W. Martin and E. W. Griffith as sureties; Howard
Conklin in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Roy W. Martin and B. R. Jefferson as
sureties.

The Board then proceeded to organize, whereupon the mayor, W.E. Ferron, announced that
the first thing in order would be the election of a City Clerk, whereupon motion of Commissioner
Ralph Thomas and seconded by Commissioner Howard Conklin it was ordered and duly carried that
Harley A. Harmon be and he is hereby elected to the office of City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
and that he is to file a bond in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars and
take the required oath of office as by law provided. The vote upon said resolution being as
follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas, aye; Commissioner Arnold, aye;
his Honor the Mayor W. E. Ferron, aye; noes none.

Thereupon Harley A. Harmon, the newly elected City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
presented his official Bond in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars with
W. E. Hawkins and John S. Park as sureties and took the prescribed oath of office, whereupon
motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the bond of Harley A. Harmon in the sum
of Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars for city clerk of said city be and the same is
hereby approved.

Thereupon the newly elected City Clerk, Harley A. Harmon assumed the duties of clerk
of said Board as by law provided.

The next order of business was the appointment of a City Attorney, whereupon the clerk
presented to the Board two applications as follows, to-wit: A. J. Stebenne and F. A. Stevens,
whereupon motion of Commissioner Howard Conklin the name of F. A. Stevens was mentioned as city
attorney, upon motion of Commissioner W. E. Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Thomas A. J.
Stebenne was mentioned, whereupon the clerk called the roll with the following results:

Commissioner Conklin voted for F. A. Stevens, Commissioner Thomas voted for A . J. Stebenne,
Commissioner Arnold voted for A. J. Stebenne and his Honor the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voted for
F. A. Stevens. It appearing that there is a division of the votes it was ordered that this matter
be postponed for present.

The Board then proceeded to take up the question of a municipal judge, whereupon the motion
of Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin it was ordered that Henry M. Lillis be
and he is hereby elected to the office of municipal judge of the city of Las Vegas and that he be
required to file a bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars and take the required oath
Of office. The vote anon said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Thomas, aye; Comm-
issioner Arnold, aye; Commissioner Conklin, aye; his Honor the mayor, W.E. Ferron, aye; noes none.

The next order of business was the designating of Commissioners to the various departments
by the mayor, whereupon the mayor, W.E. Ferron, appointed Howard Conklin as Fire and Police Comm-
issioner, Commissioner W. E. Arnold as Street and Property Commissioner, Commissioner Ralph Thomas
as Sewer and Light Commissioner. The mayor at this time announced that the Commissioner for finance
and revenue would be postponed until later date.

The question of electing a mayor pro tem coming on before the board and upon motion of
Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin it was ordered that Ralph Thomas be and he
is hereby elected to the position of mayor pro tem of said city. The vote upon said resolution being
as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas, aye; Commissioner Arnold, aye;

his Honor the mayor, W. E. Ferron, aye;

The question of the salary of the City Treasurer coming on before the Board and it was
upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the salary of the City Treasurer be Twenty-five
($25.00) Dollars per month. The vote upon said resolution being as follows to-wit: Commissioner
Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas, no; Commissioner Arnold, aye; his Honor the mayor, W.E. Ferron,
aye.

The question for setting a regular time for the meeting of this board and upon due con-
sideration on the part of the Board it was, upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that
the day and hour set for the meeting of the said Board of City Commissioners be the first Wednesday
in each and every month at the hour of two o'clock P.M. of said day. The vote upon said resolution
being as follows, to-wit: Conklin, aye, Commissioner Thomas, aye; Commissioner Arnold aye; his
Honor W. E. Ferron, aye; noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas and seconded by Commissioner Arnold and duly carried
it was ordered that the Mayor, W. E. Ferron be and he is hereby empowered to approve the official
bond of the municipal judge as filed by Henry M. Lillis.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the May or, W.E. Ferron, that
he had been advised that G. H. French does not intend to return to the City of Las Vegas to assume
the duties of City Commissioner, whereupon motion of Commissioner Thomas and seconded by Commissioner
Conklin and duly carried, it was ordered that the Clark of this Board be and he is hereby instructed
to correspond with the said G.H. French in Los Angeles, California, and inform the said Commissioner
it is the wishes of this Board to ascertain if he intends to fill the office of City Commissioner of
the City of Las Vegas, that if he does not intend to return and assume said position that the said
Board would request that he file a written statement to that effect accompanied by his resignation
so that the said Board may appoint someone else to file the unexpired term. The vote upon said
resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas aye; Commissioner
Arnold, aye; his Honor the mayor, W. E. Ferron, aye; noes none.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being duly made and
carried, ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday, the 11th day of June 1919 at two

o'clock P.M. of said day. 
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nev.

June 11, 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada. Present, W. E. Ferron, Mayor, with all Commissioners and City Clerk .

At this time Mr. G. H. French appearing in person all members of the newly elected
board having qualified, the board then proceeded to take up matters unfinished from the
last regular meeting. The motion having heretofore made and seconded that A. J. Stebenne be
appointed as City Attorney of said city, the mayor instructed the Clerk to call the roll upon
said motion, the vote being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, no; Commissioner Thomas,
aye; Commissioner, Arnold, aye; Commissioner French, no; his Honor the Mayor, no; whereupon
motion of Commissioner Conklin and seconded by Commissioner French it was ordered that the
name of F. A. Stevens be nominated for City Attorney, the vote upon said resolution being as
follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Thomas, aye; Commissioner Arnold
aye; Commissioner French, aye; His Honor the Mayor, aye; noes none.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner Thomas and seconded by Commissioner French
it was ordered that F. A. Stevens be and he is hereby appointed to the position of City
Attorney in and for the city of Las Vegas at a salary of Fifty Dollars a month and that he
file a bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars and that the bond of the said F. A. Stevens
be approved by the Mayor, W. E. Ferron.

The Mayor then appointed G. H. French as finance commissioner of said city,

There bine no further business before the board it was upon motion duly made and
carried ordered that this board stand adjourned until the next meeting thereof.

Office of the City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 2nd, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas
Nevada.

Present Hon. W.E. Ferron Mayor, with Commissioners W.E. Arnold and Ralph Thomas, with the
Clerk and City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas, Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of said Board.

Upon Motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of Two Hundred dollars
be and the same is hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City of Las Vegas Nev.
to the light fund of said City.

It was further ordered upon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the sum of One
hundred and fifty dollars be transferred from the General fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to
the Police fund of said City.

It was further ordered that the sum of one One hundred and ten dollars be and the same is
hereby ordered transferred from the General fund of the City to the Salary fund of said City of
Las Vegas, Nevada. There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion being
duly made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting of
said Board.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
August 1, 1919.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, called by the mayor thereof to consider and act upon certain ordinances and matters pertaining
to the city in general. The following members were present: Ralph Thomas, Commissioner, Howard
Conklin, Commissioners, his Hon. the Mayor and the clerk and the City attorney.

The clerk then presented to the Board the call as issued by the mayor which was as follows,
to wit: "Las Vegas, Nevada. July 28, 1919.

To Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk,

City.

I hereby issue a call for a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the office of said Board in the County Court House
at the City of Las Vegas on Friday the 1st day of August, 1919 at two o'clock P. M. to con-
sider and act upon an ordinance to license and prohibit certain kinds of gaming; to consider
and act upon an Ordinance defining nuisances; to act upon the regular monthly bills of the
City, and to pass upon monthly reports of the City and the various officers and departments
thereof, and to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting. You
will issue notice to the City Commissioners inaccordance herewith.

W. E. Ferron

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Filed: July 28	1919

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk. "

The clerk then presented to the Board the notice as sent out by him to the various commiss-
ioners for said special meeting, as follows to-wit:

"Las Vegas, Nev. July 28, 1919.

To-Ralph Thomas, W. E. Arnold, Geo. H. French, Howard Conklin,

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and W. E. Ferron, Mayor thereof.

You are hereby notified, that pursuant to a call issued by Mayor W. E. Ferron,
a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will be held at
the office of said Board in the County Court House at the City of Las Vegas on Friday the
1st day of August, 1919 at two o'clock P. M. to consider and act upon an Ordinance to license
and prohibit certain kinds of gaming; to consider and act upon an Ordinance defining nuisances
to act upon the regular monthly bills of the City, and to pass upon monthly reports of the
City and the various officers and departments thereof, and to transact such other business
as may properly come before the meeting, Please be in attendance.

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk.

Acceptance of service of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted:

Ralph Thomas
Howard Conklin
W. E. Ferron

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas do hereby certify that on July 28,
1919 I served a notice, of which the foregoing is a full, true and correct copy thereof,
upon Commissioners Ralph W . Thomas, W. E. Arnold, Geo. H. French, Howard Conklin, and his
Honor the Mayor, W. E. Ferron.

Dated this 28th day of July, 1918.

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk.

Filed: July 28	1919

Harley A. Harmon, Clerk."

Thereupon the Board proceeded to consider all matters of said special called meeting.

The minutes of the last regular read and approved as read.

The reports of the officers read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

Upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of Two Hundred ($200)
Dollars be transferred from the Cemetery fund to the Police fund; further ordered that the sum of
One Hundred and Thirty ($130) Dollars be transferred from the Cemetery fund to the salary fund of
said city.

The clerk then read for the first time a proposed ordinance "An Ordinance for the prevention
and punishment of offences against the health, safety and convenience of the inhabitants of the
City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 7, entitled "An Ordinance for the Prevention of
Nuisances. "Thereupon the Board ordered that said ordinance be layed over until the next meeting of
the Board for the second reading.

The clerk then read for the first time a proposed ordinance as follows: "An Ordinance to
Prohibit Gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the
same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefore, and repealing all Ordinances
in conflict therewith.

Thereupon the Board ordered that this Ordinance be layed over until the next meeting for the
second reading.

There being no further business before the Board it was, upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting unless a meeting is
called by the Mayor.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada
September 3, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3d day of September, A. D. 1919, at two o'clock P.M. of said
day. Present Hon. W. E. Perron, Mayor, with Commissioners G. H. French, W. E. Arnold, Howard
Conklin and the City Clerk and the City Attorney being present.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city of Las Vegas allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of this Board.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the sum of One Hundred and Fifty
Dollars ($150.00) be transferred from the Streed fund of said city to the Light fund, it was
farther ordered that the sum of Fifty Dollars ($50.00) be transferred from the Streed fund
to the Salary fund of said city.

The clerk then read an ordinance relating to nuisances in the city entitled "An Ordinance
for the Prevention and Punishment of offences against the Health, Safety and Convenience of the
Inhabitants of the city of Las Vegas, "and repealing Ordinance No. 7, entitled " An Ordinance for the
prevention of Nuisances." for the second reading, whereupon motion of Commissioner Conklin and
seconded by Commissioner French and dully carried it was ordered that the said Ordinance be passed
as is more fully set forth in Ordinance Book No. One under Ordinance No. 76 of the City of Las
Vegas Clark County, Nevada. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner 

Conklin, aye; Commissioner French, aye; Commissioner Arnold, aye; and his Hon. the Mayor,

W. E. Ferron voting aye. Noes none.

The clerk then read to the Board an Ordinance governing the licensing of certain game and
gaming within the city limits of the city of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, whereupon due
consideration upon the part of the Board it was upon motion duly made and carried that the
Ordinance be referred to the next meeting of this board.

At this time the City Attorney, Mr. Stevens, called the attention to the Board that it will
be necessary to set aside a large amount of money for the support and maintenance of the public
library of said city, thereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the amount be
allowed for the maintenance and support of the public library of the said city having heretofore
set at the sum of Sixty Dollars per month it is hereby ordered that to take effect from and after
the fist day of August, 1919, that the allowance to be allowed for the Public Library is said city
be the sum of Seventy-five Dollars ($75.00) until the further order of this Board.

The Clerk then read to the Board an Ordinance "To create a Board of Health for the City of Las
Vegas" for the first time, whereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the this
At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that the Board stand
adjourned to meet as the Board of City Commissioners Monday, September 8, 1919 at two o'clock
p.m. of said day to take up and consider any and all matters that might come before it.

Office of the City Clark, Las Vegas, Nevada.

September 8, 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 8th day of
September, 1919, at two o'clock p.m. of said day. Present W. E. Ferron, Mayor, Commissioner Conk-
lin Commissioner Thomas and Commissioner Arnold and the City Attorney, Stevens. Mr. Stevens acting
as clerk of the said board on account of the absence of the regular clerk, Harley A. Harmon from the
city.

At this time the clerk presented to the hoard the following:

"Las Vegas, Nev. Sept. 8, 1919. To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.
Gentlemen:

I hereby tender my resignation as City Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas to take
 effect immediately.

	G. H. French."

	Whereupon motion of Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin and

duly carried it was ordered that the resignation of said Commissioner French be and the same is
hereby accepted. The vote upon said resignation being as follows, to-wit:

Commissioner Conklin, aye; Commissioner Arnold, aye; Commissioner Thomas, aye; and his Honor
the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye.

There being no further business before the board it was upon motion being duly made
and carried ordered that this board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 1, 1919.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 1st day of
October, 1919, at two o'clock p.m. of said day . Present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor and Commission-
ers, W. E. Arnold and Ralph Thomas with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as appears in claim book on file with the clerk of this board.

At this time the clark presented to the board an ordinance for the second reading, an
ordinance governing gambling and gaming in the city of Las Vegas and providing a license there-
fore as more fully appears in Ordinance Book No. 1 under Ordinance No. 77 of said city; whereupon
motion duly made and carried it was ordered that the above entitled ordinance be passed and pub-
lished for one week in the Clark County Review, a weekly newspaper, published in the city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Following is the vote upon said Ordinance: Commissioner Thomas, aye, Commissioner Arnold,
aye, and His Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, aye. Noes none.

At this time Ralph Thomas, one of the commissioners, presented the following to the Board;
"Las Vegas, Nevada, Oct. 1st, 1919.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioner,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Kindly accept my resignation as City Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to take
effect at once.

Yours truly,

Ralph Thomas"

whereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that this resignation be accepted to take effect immediately.

There being no further business before the Board at this time it was upon motion being duly
made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Wednesday October 22nd, 19191 at
two O'clock P.M. of said day to take ap any and all matters that may come before said Board.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

Las Vegas October 22nd, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas Nev.
held on the 22nd day of October 1919. Present Hon. W.E. Ferron and Commissioners Conklin and Arnold
together with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the Application of F.J. Pearce for permission
to conduct certain kinds of games Known as "Stude Poker, Poker, Solo, Whist and Five Hundred."
in the City of Las Vegas Nevada in the building known as the Las Vegas Hotel building situated
on Fremont Street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the quarter ending December 1919, and it
appearing to the Board that the said application has been approved by the Fire and Police Commiss-
ioner of said City it was upon motion of Commissioners Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin
and duly carried ordered that said application be and the same is hereby approved by this Board and
the Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed to issue and license to the said F.J. Pearce for the
quarter ending December 31st, 1919.

The Clerk further presented to the Board the application of C. Aguire for permission to
conduct certain kind of games known as "Stude Poker, Poker, Solo, Whist and Five Hundred." in the 

City of Las Vegas Nevada in the building known as the Colorado Hotel building situated on First]
street in said City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1919, and it appear-
ing to the Board that the said application has been approved by the Fire and Police Commissioner
of said City it was upon motion of Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin and
duly carried ordered that said application be and the same is hereby approved by this Board and the
Clerk of this Board is hereby instructed to issue an license to the said C. Aguire for the quarter
ending December 31st, 1919.

The Clerk further presented to the Board the application of D. Pecetto for permission to conduct

certain kinds of games known as "Stude Poker, Poker, Solo, Whist and Five Hundred." in the City of

Las Vegas Nevada in the building known as the Union Hotel building situated on Main Street in said

City of Las Vegas Nevada, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1919, and it appearing to the Board



that the said application has been approved has been approved by the Fire and Police Commissioner
of said City it was upon motion of Commissioner Arnold and seconded by Commissioner Conklin and
duly carried ordered that said application be and the same is hereby approved by this Board and

the clerk of this board is hereby instructed to issue an license to the said D. Pecetto for the
Quarter ending December 31st, 1919.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until Thursday October 23rd, 1919. at two clock
P.M. of said Day.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas Nevada.

November 5th, 1919.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the above mentioned date
said above mentioned date being the regular meeting day of said Board.

All claims against the City of Las Vegas Nevada allowed as per claim book on file with the
Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Minutes of last regular meeting read and approved as read.



At this time the Mayor filed with the Clerk of the Board a report of the special committee
of the Chamber of Commerce as relates to Fire service in said City which was ordered placed
on file for some future date

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion being duly
made and carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

Office of the City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 3, 1919.

This being the date for the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor and Commissioner Howard Conklin
with the City Clerk and the City attorney.

There being no business before the Board it was ordered that the Board stand ad-
journed until the next regular meeting.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 7, 1920.

This being the date for the regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor and Commissioner Howard Conklin
with the City Clerk and the City Attorney.

There being no business before the Board it was ordered that the Board stand ad-
journed until the next regular meeting.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

February 4, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held in the Commissioner's room in the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on the 4th day of
February, 1920, at the hour of two o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor and Commissioner
Howard Conklin with Harley A. Harmon, Clerk and F. A. Stevens, City Attorney, absent W . E.

Arnold, Commissioner.

The Mayor announced that there being present a majority of commissioners and officers
that it was in order to elect two commissioners to fill the vacancies created by the resignation
theretofore had by Ralph Thomas, Commissioner of the second class and G. H. French, Commissioner of
the third class.

Thereupon C. E. Pembroke was duly nominated and appointed as Commissioner of the second
class to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Ralph Thomas and his bond was fixed at One
Thousand Dollars to be approved by the Mayor, such officer to hold office for the unexpired term of
the Commissioner of the Second class.

Thereupon Lou Martin was duly nominated and appointed as Commissioner of the third class
to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of G. H. French and his bond was fixed at One Thousand
Dollars to be approved by the Mayor, such officer to hold office for the unexpired term of the Comm-
issioner of the Third Class, whereupon Lou Martin took his oath of office and presented his official
bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars with C. C. Ronnow and W. E. Hawkins as sureties, which bond
was approved by the Mayor and filed with the City Clerk; thereupon Commissioner Lou Martin took his
seat and office as City Commissioner and participated in the business of the meeting.

The Mayor announced a full quorum present and directed the Commissioners to proceed
with the regular business of the Board.

Thereupon all reports of officer were read and approved as read.

All bills against the City of Las Vegas allowed.

At this time the Mayor announced the following changes in the personal of the Board,
to-wit:	W. E. Arnold be removed as Street Commissioner and placed in the Department of Sewer and

Light and Lou Martin, the newly appointed City Commissioners, was appointed Street Commissioner of
said City.

There being no further business before the Board it was then upon motion duly made and
carried, ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

March 1, 1920.

This being the time set by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas under a call issued by said
mayor to hold a special meeting of the purpose of considering the Budget for the year 1920, coming
on before the Board. Present Hon. F. E. Ferron, Mayor, with commissioners Howard Conklin, C. E.
Pembroke Lou Martin, the City Clerk and the City Attorney.

The clerk then presented to the Board the call for special meeting as follows, to-wit:

"Call for Special Meeting.

To Harley A. Harmon,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

You are hereby directed, in pursuance of this call, to give notice of a
special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be
held at the Commissioners Room in the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on
Monday, the 1st day of March, 1920, at the hour of 2 o'clock P.M. of said day
to adopt a budget and to levy the annual City Taxes, and consider and act on
such other business as may properly come before the meeting.

W. E. Ferron

Filed Feb. 28, 1920	Mayor "

Harley Harmon, Clerk.

The Clerk then presented to the Board his Notice as issued by him for said special meeting.
which was ordered spread upon the minutes in full with his certificate attached to said notice, as
follows, to-wit:

"Las Vegas, Nev. Feby 28, 1920.

To—C. E. Pembroke, Lou Martin, Howard Conklin, W. E. Arnold,

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and W. E. Ferron, Mayor thereof.

You are hereby notified, that pursuant to a call issued by Mayor,

W. E. Ferron, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas will be held at the office of said Board at the Commissioners Room
in the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on Monday, the 1st day of
March, 1920, at the hour of two o'clock p. M. of said day, to adopt a budget
and to levy the annual City Taxes, and consider and act on such other busi-
ness as may properly come before the meeting.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk.

Acceptance of service of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted.

C. E. Pembroke
W. E. Ferron
Lou Martin
Howard Conklin
W. E. Arnold

I, Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby certify
that on Feby 28, 1920, I served a notice of which the foregoing is
a full, true and correct copy thereof, upon Commissioners C. E. Pembroke, Lou
Martin, Howard Conklin, W. E. Arnold, and his Honor the Mayor, W. E. Ferron.

Dated this 28th day of Feby. 1920.

Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk

Filed February 28, 1920
Harley A. Harmon Clerk"

The Mayor then stated to the Board the object of this meeting be for the purpose of preparing 

a Budget, whereupon the Board proceed to take up the Budget and tax levy for the year 1920
in accordance with the provisions of the Statutes of said state, whereupon the matter being dis-
cussed in length, it was upon motion of Commissioner Conklin and seconded by Commissioner Martin
ordered that the following resolution be adopted.

Estimated Receipt and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year Ending December 31,1920

as Provided in Section 9, Chapter 149, Laws of Nevada, 1917.

Receipts Actual 1919 Estimated 1920 EXPENDITURES	Actual 1919	Estimated 1920.

Licenses	$ 2,060.00	$ 4,000.00 Administration	$ 1,975.00	$ 2,660.62

Fines                        325.00                                    Police                                1,955.00	2,000.00

Fees	 Fire Protection	105.00	2,500.00

Permits	 Streets & Alleys	3,805.75	4,000.00

Sewers	125.00	200.00

Eng. & Electrical
Health Dept.

City Elections	200.00

Bond Interest &

Redemption	3,059.71	3,059.71

Surplus Funds
Taxes Collected

1919	9,009.35
Taxes Required

1920	9,978.32

Totals	$18,987.67

ASSESSED VALUATION

Actual 1919	Estimated 1920.

Realty	$167,000.00

Improvements	558,248.00

Personal	605,061.00

Totals	1,330,309.00

Tax rate	on $100	9,977.32

Cash on Hand, January 1, 1920	$	__________

Balance Due from Second Half Taxes, 1920	$   ____________

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the
Mayor and attested to by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the City Clerk and a copy there-
of be published for two publications, one week apart in the Clark County Review, a weekly news-
paper published in said city of Las Vegas. The vote on said resolution being as follows,
Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye, Commissioner Conklin, aye, and his honor,
the Mayor voting aye, noes none.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy on taxes for the City of Las Vegas
for 1920. Upon motion of Commissioner Conklin and seconded by Commissioner Martin the following reso-
lution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Eighteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied, collect
ed and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an advalorem tax of Five cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Sinking fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Seven cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Cemetery Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an advalorem tax of Twenty cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the L as Vegas General Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Ten cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Street Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Fifteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1920, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Light Fund.

The vote on said resolution was as follows, Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye
Commissioner Conklin, aye, and his honor, the Mayor, W. E. Ferron voting aye.	

Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by commissioner Martin the following resolution 

was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be hereby authorized and directed to notify the Board of County
Commissioners, Clark County, Nevada of the tax rate established and levied by the Board for the year
1920 and direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and cause to be collected and paid. The
vote on said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye,
Commissioner Conklin, aye and his Honor the Mayor, F. E. Ferron, voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commissioner Conklin the following reso-
lution was duly adopted:

RESOLVE that for the year 1920 on and until the farther order of this Board all moneys re-
ceived from licenses and fines be apportioned as follows, to-wit: One half of said licenses and fines
shall be placed in the Fire and Police Fund of said city and the remaining half to be placed in the
Salary fund of said city. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, Commissioner Martin, Aye
Commissioner Pembroke, Aye, Commissioner Conklin aye and his Honor the Mayor, F. E. Ferron voting aye.

There being no further business before the board it was ordered that this board stand adjourned.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.
March 3, 1920.

Present Commissioners C. E. Pembroke, Howard Conklin and his Honor the Mayor W. E.
Ferron and the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the resignation of W. E. Arnold, City
  Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, whereupon motion of C. E. Pembroke and seconded by Howard
Conklin it was duly carried, ordered that the resignation of the said W. E. Arnold be and the
same is hereby accepted.

There being no further business before the Board it was upon motion duly made and
carried ordered that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 7, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 7th day of April,
1920. Present Hon. W. E. Ferron with Commissioners Howard Conklin, Lou Martin and C. E. Pembroke,
with the Clerk and the District Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read. 

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this

Board.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the following petition;

"We the undersigned citizens of Las Vegas present this
petition to the Honorable Board of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, asking
their assistance and support, within them vested by the Citizens of Las
Vegas.

We the property holders of third street, Las Vegas, do
petition and ask that a sidewalk be built on the West side of Third Street,
from Odgen Street to Clark Street.

Signed	Property represented.	Signed Property repres.

R. H. Schaeffer	2	lots	Peter	Pauff	2	lots

Mrs. R.E. Lake	1	lot	H.	O.	Johnson	2	lots

Ed Von Tobel	7	lots	P.	S.	Parker	2	lots

Mrs. Ed. Von Tobel	2	lots	B.	R.	Jefferson	4	lots

L.A. & L.H. Rockwell	E. R. Bailey	2 1/2 lots

by L.H.R.	2 lots	Chas. O. Snyder	2 lots"

which was read in fall and upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said petition
be referred to the Street Commissioner and he be instructed to gather all information and data as to
the cost valuation and any other matters pertaining to the construction of said side walk and re-
port the same to the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners so that the Board may
properly consider the matter.

The clerk then presented the following communication to the Board

"To the Honorable Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Whereas: We the undersigned, citizens and business men of the City of Las
Vegas, believe that the present ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, govern-
ing the licensing of gambling, is excessive; in that the business done in
Las Vegas does not justify the collection of one hundred and fifty dollars
per quarter.

And unfair and unjust; in that its collection at so much per house, discrim-
inates against such places of business which can only afford to conduct one or
two tables as against such as can afford to conduct four or five tables.

Therefore: We the undersigned petition that the present ordinance be modified
to reduce the license and the same to be collected at so much per table, in
stead of at so much per house.

Signed:	Al. James	John Irish

Cleto Aguirre	A.	T. Gilmore

Lon Grosbeck	G.	Lopez

Geo Carlin	John F. Miller

D. Pecetto	F. J. Pearce"

whereupon it was ordered that the City Attorney be and he is hereby instructed to prepare an ordin-
ance and present the same to the Board at their next regular meeting for consideration by the
Board.

The question of increase of salary of the Cemetery sexton coming on before the Board
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that the salary of the Cemetery Sex-
be increased to a sum not to exceed the sum of One Hundred Dollars per month, to take effect for
the month of April, 1920 and to be paid as other claims against the city are paid.

At this time the Clerk presented the following application for gaming licenses:

S. D. Moto, D. Pecetto, Pilar Santa Cruz, H. A. Goodwin & J. E. Markwell, copartners, C. R. Aguirre
Al. James, Gilmore, Speillenberg & Hordan, corpartners and F. J. Pearce, whereupon motion being
duly made and carried it was ordered by the Board that the above applications be approved and the
city Clerk be hereby instructed to issue the licenses for conducting said gaming licenses in the
city of Las Vegas for the quarter ending June 30. 1920.

The Clerk then presented to the Board an ordinance for the second reading entitled, "An
Ordinance creating a Board of Health for the City of Las Vegas," whereupon motion of Commissioner
Conklin and seconded by Commissioner Pembroke and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance
be approved as appears more fully in Ordinance Book One of the City of Las Vegas under Ordinance
No. 78. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye,
Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, noes none.

At this time the question of a Mayor pro tem coming on before the board, it was upon
motion duly made and carried ordered that Howard Conklin be elected as Mayor pro tem for the city
of Las Vegas as by the charter provided. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, to-wit:
Commissioner, Conklin, aye, Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke, aye and his Honor
the Mayor, W. E. Ferron voting aye.

There being no farther business before the board it was ordered that this board stand
adjourned until the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAs, NEVADA.

May 5, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 5th day of May, 1920
Present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor, Commissioner Pembroke and Commissioner Conklin with the Clerk and
City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board Ordinance No. 79 for the first reading "An
Ordinance to Amend Section Two of Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance
to A, end Section seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of
regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried
on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of
license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment
for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,
2,4, 12 and 35; approved December 3, 1913, and amended December 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the
City of Las Vegas, and by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section Six' by adding thereto
a new sub-division numbered 44 providing a license on slot machines." Whereupon motion duly made and
carried it was ordered that said Ordinance be laid over until the next regular meeting for second
reading.

The Clerk then presented to the Board Ordinance No. 80 for the first time, "An Ordinance
of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump ground and regulating the Storage and removal of
Garbage." Whereupon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that this Ordinance be laid over
until the next regular meeting for second reading.

At this time the Mayor announced the appointment of Dr. Roy W. Martin as Local Health
Officer as per Ordinance No. 78, whereupon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commiss-
ioner Conklin and duly carried it was ordered that the compensation of said City Health Officer be
and the same is hereby fixed at One Dollar per month. The vote upon said resolution being as follows
to-wit: Commissioner Pembroke, aye; Commissioner Conklin, aye; His Hon. the Mayor W. E. Ferron
voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk read before the Board an Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 77
for the first time whereupon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commissioner Conklin
it was resolved that said Ordinance amending No. 77 be and the same is hereby laid upon the table
by the following vote: Commissioner Pembroke aye, Commissioner Conklin aye. his Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

There being no further business before the board it was ordered that this Board stand
adjourned until the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAs, NEV.

May 11, 1920.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for a special meeting as per
call issued by the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, of said city, for the purpose of organizing a Board of
Health of the City of Las Vegas and to consider the adoption of a set of Rules and Regulations
governing the health conditions in said city of Las Vegas and the following members were present:
his Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, Commissioners Howard Conklin, C. Pembroke and Lou Martin
and the Clerk and the District Attorney.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the official call as issued by the Mayor
as follows:

"Las Vegas, Nev. May 10, 1920.

To Harley A. Harmon, City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called, to be held at the Office of said Board of Commissioners in the
County Court House at Las Vegas Nevada at the hour of 2 o'clock P.M. on Tuesday
the 11th day of May, 1920, for the purpose of organizing the Board of Health of
the City of Las Vegas, and to consider for adoption a set of Rules and Regula-
tions governing health conditions in the City of Las Vegas, and to transact such
other business as may come before said Board of Health.

You will give notice of such meeting accordingly.

W. E. Ferron

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas."

The Clerk then presented to the Board the Notice as issued by the Mayor, as follows:

"To Messrs. Howard Conklin
Lou Martin, C. E. Pembroke and
his Honor W. E. Ferron

Dear Sirs:

This is to advise you that the Mayor Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas Nevada has called a special meeting of the Board of City Commiss-
ioners of the City of Las Vegas Nevada for the 11th. day of May, 1920, for the
purpose of organizing a Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas and considering
the adoption of a set of rules for the Health Board of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, and to transact any other business that might come before said Board.

You will therefore put forth your best efforts to be present at said meet-
ing.

In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and seal of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, this 10th day of May, 1920.

Harley A. Harmon
City Clerk Las Vegas, Nevada."

At this time the question of creating a Health Board and electing a permanent Chairman
and Secretary it was upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that said Health Board be
and is hereby created and that W. E. Ferron be elected Chairman and that the Clerk Harley A.

Harmon be elected Clerk of said Health Board.

At this time it appearing to the Board that Dr. Roy W. Martin, the newly appointed
Health Officer had taken his oath of office as per Ordinance provided. The said physician then
presented to the Board the following set of Rales and Regulations governing health conditions
in said city:

"Rules and Regulations of the Board of Health of City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Rule 1. No prostitute shall be permitted to ply her trade, as such, within the limits
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, until she shall have first secured from the Local
Health Officer of the City of Las Vegas, appointed by the Mayor, as by Ordinance pro-
vided a certificate to the effect that she is free from a venereal disease of any kind.

Rule 2. Each prostitute within the City of Las Vegas, plying her trade as such, shall
submit to an examination by said Local Health Officer at least once each week, for the
purpose of having determined by said Local Health Officer whether or not she is affected
with a venereal disease.

Rule 3. Said Local Health Officer shall be entitled to charge and collect from each in-
dividual so examined a sum of not to exceed Two Dollars ($2.00) for each examination,
which charge shall include the cost of the certificate provided to be given by these rules.
Rule 4. Upon submission for examination as by these rales provided, and upon payment of
said fee for examination, said Local Health Officer shall, after making such examination
issue to each person so examined a certificate in writing, which certificate shall state
upon the face thereof whether or not such person, so examined, is or is not affected with a
venereal disease or diseases, and the nature of such disease, if any, the name of the per-
son examined and the date of such examination.

Rule 5. Each prostitute shall at all times keep posted in a conspicuous place in the room
occupied by her and used in her trade as such the certificate for the current week, as
above provided for, and shall at all times display such certificate to said Local Health
Officer or to any peace officer within said City of Las Vegas upon request.

Rule 6. No prostitute within the City of Las Vegas shall ply her trade, as such, so long
as she shall remain affected with a venereal disease.

Rule 7. The examination herein provided for shall be made by or under the direction of
such Local Health Officer by the use of approved methods, subject to the control and direct-
ion of the Board of Health of the City of Las Vegas; and it is provided that no charge shall
be made against the City of Las Vegas or expense incurred on it's behalf in making such
examinations without the previous authorization of said Board of Health.

Rule 8. These rules shall go into effect immediately and remain in force and effect until
modified, altered, amended or repealed by said Board of Health.	

Rule 9. The rules shall not be construed to legalize prostitution of interfere with or
conflict with any existing Ordinance of said City.

Bale 10. A violation of these rules by any person affected thereby shall be considered as
constituting disorderly conduct.

Let a copy of these rules and regulations be posted in each house of prostitution in the
Redlight District of the City of Las Vegas.

The foregoing Rules and Regulations were adopted by the BOARD OF HEALTH of the City of Las
Vegas on Tuesday, May 11, 1920.

Roy W. Martin

City Health Officer."

whereupon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commissioner Martin it was duly ordered
and carried that the above rales and regulations be and the same are hereby approved. The vote
upon said resolution being as follows: Commissioner Conklin, aye, Commissioner Pembroke aye
Commissioner Martin, aye and his Hon. the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye. Noes none.

There being not further business before the Board as a Health Board it was then upon
motion being duly made and carried ordered that the Health Board adjourn and that said board
meeting as a Board of City Commissioners.

The Board then proceeded to take up any matters coming on before it.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board of City Commissioners the application of James
German and L. R. Skinner for a gaming license to conduct a gaming house in a building known as
the Northern Hotel on Fremont Street in the City of Las Vegas for the quarter ending June 30, 1920,
whereupon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said application be and the same
is hereby approved and that the clerk of this board be and he is hereby ordered and directed to
issue a license to the above named parties for said quarter ending June 30	1920.

There being no further business before the Board it was ordered that this Board stand
adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVAdA.

JUNE 2, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, State of
Nevada. Members present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor, Commissioners Howard Conklin and C. E. Pembroke
with the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Ordinances heretofore read at the previous meeting of said Board of City Commissioners were
layed over until the next regular meeting of this board for their action thereon.

There being no farther business before the Board the Board ordered an adjournment until the
next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLARK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JULY 7, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

State of Nevada. Members present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor Commissioners Howard Conklin and C.

E. Pembroke.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this

Board.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

Ordinance heretofore read at the previous meeting of this Board were ordered layed
over until the next regular meeting of this board.

There being no further business before the Board it was ordered that this Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 4th day of August, 1920.
Present Mayor Pro Tem Howard Conklin with Commissioners C. E. Pembroke and Lou Martin.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the county allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.
Ordinances heretofore read before the Board was ordered layed over until the next regular
meeting of the Board.

There being no farther business before the Board it was ordered that this Board adjourn.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEV.

Las Vegas, Nev. Oct. 6, 1960. 

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 6th day of October,
1920. Present, Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor with Commissioners C. E. Pembroke, Lou Martin and Howard Conk-
lin and the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed .

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

The Clerk then presented the following applications for gameing licenses:

H. Goodwin	Fremont Street

James Germain	Northern Hotel.

Fred J. Pearce	Adam Kramer Bldg.

Fred J. Pearce	Las Vegas, Hotel.

Cletto Aguirre	Colorado Hotel.

L. R. Skinner	Nevada Hotel.

Santa Cruz	Old Turf Saloon

G. Lopez	Telephone Bldg.

It was thereupon motion being duly made and carried ordered that the above applications
be allowed except the application of G. Lopez and that the application of G. Lopez be treated separately.
Said resolution carried.

The application of G. Lopez was then presented to the Board and upon motion of C. E. Pembroke 

and seconded by W.E. Ferron it was ordered that the application of G. Lopez be granted. Conklin
voting no, Martin, yes, Pembroke yes, and Ferron yes, and the Clerk is hereby authorized to issue a
license to the said G. Lopez.

C. L. Connelly appeared before the Board regarding the speeding of automobiles on Fremont
Street whereupon the same was referred to the Fire and Police Commissioner.

Upon motion duly made and carried it was ordered that all printing for the city be
given to the Las Vegas Age.

The question of allowing the Night Policeman a certain amount of money to feed his horse
which he uses in police work was presented to the Board and it was duly ordered that the night policeman
be allowed the sum of $15.00 per month until the further order of this Board.

The Clerk then presented the proposition of Mr. Uppdyke for an application to handle the
garbage of Las Vegas and it was ordered that this matter be held over until the next meeting of the Board
and the City Attorney is hereby directed to draw up an Ordinance governing the same.

The City Attorney then presented to the Board a notice for an intended side walk on Third
Street Clerk was instructed to post said notices as by law provided and it was ordered that when this
Board adjourned it would adjourn until Monday October 25, 1920 at 2 o'clock p. m. to hear any and all
complaints or protests that may be filed against said proposed street work.

The Board then took up the matter of building a side walk on the West side of Third St. in
accordance with a petition filed with the Clerk and presented to the Board, whereupon Street Commiss-
ioner Martin reported to the board the estimate expense of building said side walk, which report was
ordered to be filed with the Clerk of this Board. Upon motion of Commissioner Martin and seconded by
Commissioner Pembroke it was resolved that the plats and diagrams of the proposed side wake improve-
ment as attached to said petition be and the same is hereby adopted by the Board, as the plats and dia-
grams of the work and of the locality to be improved and that such plats and diagrams be filed with the
City Clerk for public examination, whereupon the vote upon said resolution was as follows, to-wit:
Commissioner Conklin, Pembroke, Martin and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, noes none. The City Attorney 

then presented to the Board a form of notice and the location of the proposed improvement of said
district whereupon motion of Commissioner Martin and seconded by Commissioner Conklin the following
resolution was duly adopted - "Resolve that the City Clerk be and he is hereby authorized and directed
to execute the notice in the form prepared and presented by the City Attorney for the proposed side
walk improvement on the west side of Third St., such notice containing a notice of intention to make
such improvement location of the improvements and the portion of such work to be paid by special assess-
ment and the description of the district to be assessed and that the Clerk of this Board he and he is
hereby authorized and directed to cause such notice to be published for at least two weeks in the Las
Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas and to post a copy of said notice as
required by the charter of the City of Las Vegas and that said notice specify that this board will meet
and consider any suggestions and objections that may be presented by parties interested in the proposed
 improvement at the next meeting of this board which is to be held at the office of the City Clerk on
the 25th day of October A. D. 1920 at two o'clock p. m. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAs VEGAS, NEVADA, OCTOBER 25, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 25th day of October, 1920.
Present, Hon. Wm. F. Ferron, Mayor, with Commissioners Lou Martin, Howard Conklin, C. E. Pembroke and the
Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

This being the time sat by the board for hearing any and all protests, if any, as relates to the
proposed side walk improvement on the Vest side of Third St. of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada. The clerk then read before the board the proof of posting and publishing of notices of inten-
tion of said street work on the West side of Third St. in said city as appears more fully on file with
the Clerk of this Board to which attention is hereby directed.

	At this time the Mayor asked the Clerk of the Board if any objections to said proposed street

work had been filed and being informed that none had been filed the Clerk was then instructed to read said
proposed ordinance for said street work, whereupon the Clerk read the ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas providing for the improvement on the west side of Third St. constructing cement concrete side
walks on the west side of Third St. and providing that the payment therefore be by special assessment,
whereupon notion being duly made and carried, it was ordered that said ordinance go over until the next
meeting for second reading.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8, 1920.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 3rd day of November, 1920 all
member of the Board with the Clerk and the City Attorney being present.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim booh on file with the clerk of the board.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read and placed on file.

The Clerk then presented to the Board Ordinance No. 79 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as re-
lates to the improvement of Third Street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalks on the west side
of said street and providing for the payment thereof by Special assessment; said ordinance having been
read for the first time on the 25th of October, 1920 and this being the second reading it was upon motion
 being duly made and carried ordered that said ordinance be passed and published for one issue in
the Las Vegas Age as appears more fully in Ordinance Book under Ordinance No. 79 of said city. The vote
upon said resolution being as follows: Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Conklin aye, Commission-
er Pembroke aye and his honor the Mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the question of giving notice for proposals for work on the sidewalk on the West side
of third streed coming on before the Board and it was ordered that the following Notice be given and
published in the Las Vegas Age towit:
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAs, NEVAdA
DECEMBER 1, 1920.

All members being present with the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

All claims against the City allowed as appears on file with the Clerk of this board.

Reports of officers approved and placed on file.

At this time Mr. Neal DeWitt appeared before the Board regarding an action be taken by the
board relative to the protection of photographers in said city, whereupon after discussing this matter
it was ordered that this matter be referred to the City Attorney and he is hereby directed to look in-
to the legal aspects of said matter and report to this board.

The clerk then presented a communication from J. T. McWilliams informing the Board that the
bench marks had been disturbed whereupon it was ordered by the board that this matter be referred to the
Street Commissioner.

The Clerk then presented a petition from the people of old town requesting street lights to be
placed in said part of said city, whereupon this matter was referred to the mayor for investigation.

The clerk then read to the board for the first time an Ordinance of the city of Las Vegas re-
garding the storage and removal of garbage, offal and refuse, animal and vegetable matter, whereupon
said ordinance was referred to the next regular meeting of the board.

This being the time set by the board for the opening of bids for the contemplated side walks
improvement on third street and two petitions having been filed with the Board the clerk was instructed
to open said bids and thereupon the clerk read as follows:

NOTICE INVITING PROPOSALS FOR DOING SIDEWALK WORK.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas invite and
will receive at the office of the City Clerk up to two o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, the 1st day of December
1920, sealed proposals or bids for the doing of the following street work in said City, to-wit:

1. That a cement concrete sidewalk shall be constructed along the west side of Third Street.

Said sidewalk shall be constructed to the official line, grade and width, and shall be constructed
in accordance with and as provided in the specifications for sidewalk work set forth in Ordinance No. 47
of the City of Las Vegas.

The amount and extent of such work shall be as shown on the plats and diagrams thereof on file with
said City Clerk, taken in connection with the notices of intention of said Board of doing said work heretofore 

posted and published, and also in connection with Ordinance ordering said work.

The contract for said work will be let to the lowest responsible bidder. The Board reserves the
right to reject any and all bids. A good and sufficient bond for the faithful performance of the con-
tract and to in-than ninety days thereafter. 	Such fifty per cent of the contract price will be required 

to be given by the contractor. The contract shall provide that the payments for work are to be made out

of special assessment funds as heretofore determined. Said contract will provide that the contractor
shall receive fifty per cent of the contract price upon the completion of such contract, and the remain-
der of the contract price within sixty days thereafter. Work to begin thirty days after letting of con-	

tract and to be completed not later than ninety days hereafter. Such contract shall contain such fur-
ther conditions and provisions as the Board of City Commissioners may reasonably require.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 3rd day of November, 1920.

(seal)	Harley A. Harmon

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,

First publication No. 13, 1920 Last publication Nov. 27, 1920.
"Las Vegas, Nevada Nov 29 - 1920.

City Commissioners of Las Vegas Nevada
Gentlemen

I will put in the cement side walk and furnish every thing in the way of material and labor
excepting the gravel for the sum of $2025.00 the material and work to comply with the city ordinance
No. 47.

Yours Resp.

C. A. Bryant Las Vegas Nevada."

thereupon the clerk presented the following bid:

"Bid for laying sidewalk on west side of third street.

To the Hon Board of the City of Las Vegas

I do hereby agree to lay said sidewalk in good workman like manner and according to present plans and
specifications for the sum of seventeen and one half cents .17 1/2 per square foot and furnish all mat-
erial for said walk except sand and gravel.

R. E. Lake, Sr."

thereupon it appearing to the board that the bid of R. E. Lake Sr. was the most satisfactory bid of
the two it was upon motion duly made and carried ordered that the bid of R. E. Lake, Sr. be accepted
and the City Attorney is hereby instructed to prepare the necessary papers for the contract for the
constructing of said side walk and the mayor and city clerk is hereby authorized and directed by the

board to sign said contract upon its being prepared.

In the matter of special assessment for side walk improvement for district No. 7 coming on before 

the board for review and the City Assessor having heretofore filed the roll of said special ass-
essment on District No. 7 on the first day of December 1920, it was upon motion of Commissioner Mar-
tin and seconded by Commissioner Conklin and duly carried, ordered that the Clerk publish notice of
the same and that the Board and city Assessor meet on the 18th day of December, 1920 at two o'clock
p. m. in the office of the City Commissioners to review said assessment and at said time and place
opportunity will be given to all persons interested to be heard. The following being the vote, to-
wit: Commissioner Martin, aye, Conklin, aye, Pembroke, aye and his honor the mayor voting aye. Noes
none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 18, 1920.

This being the time set by the board of City Commissioners to meet for the purpose of reviewing
the assessment roll for side walk No. 7 on the west side of Third Street in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada 

and the following members of said board were present, Commissioners Conklin and Pembroke and his
honor, the Mayor, W. E. Ferron and the Clerk and the City Attorney and the City Assessor.

The Board then proceeded to review said assessment roll and hear any and all protests against
said special assessment per resolution adopted by this board on the 1st day of December, 1920. No
protests being orally or in writing filed with the Board it was then upon motion of Commissioner
Conklin and seconded by commissioner Pembroke that the following resolution be adopted, "Be it re-
solved that the special assessment roll for side walk purposes of District No. 7 to be constructed
on the west side of Third Street as filed in the office of the City Clerk December 1, 1920 and the
same is hereby approved and declared to be final for the special assessment of said side walk purposes
in said district No. 7 and as special assessment roll No. 7 and shall from the date of its approval
be the assessment therein as set forth and shall constitute a lein upon the representatives lots and
parcels of land therein assessed. Be it further resolved that the special assessment contained in
said assessment No. 7 be and the same is hereby declared to be due and payable immediately and the
Clerk of this board is directed to endorsed said roll as provided in Section 68 of the City chart-
er and immediately transmit the same to the City Treasurer,
Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by Commissioner Conklin it was further resolved 

and duly carried that the City Treasurer be hereby directed to make a immediate demand for the payment
of said special assessment and collect the same and the collection to be a special fund for special ass-
essment District No. 7. The vote of said resolution being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Conklin, aye
Pembroke aye and his honor W. E. Ferron voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the contract for said side walk work on third street in Dist-
rict No. 7 with the bond in the sum of $500.00 for the completion of said work and said contract being in
regular form and the bond in accordance with law it was upon motion, being duly made and carried, ordered
that the contract be and the same is hereby accepted and the bond approved and the mayor and the clerk
of this board are hereby authorized and directed to sign said contract in behalf of the City of Las Ve-
gas. Nevada.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAs, NEVAdA.

JANUARY 5, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, present Hon. W. E. Ferron, Mayor with members Howard Conklin, Pembroke and Martin being
present with the clerk and City Attorney.

At this time it was upon motion being duly made and carried, ordered that this board stand
adjourned until Thursday, January 6, 1921 at two o'clock p. m. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JANUARY 6,1921

The Board reconvened at two P.M. with the following members present: Commissioners
Pembroke and Conklin, and His Honor the Mayor. W.E. Ferron, together with the City Attorney
Frank A. Stevens and City Clerk Harley A. Harmon.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

All claims against the city were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk
of the Board.

Reports of Officers read, approved as read and ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the clerk presente d to the Board Ordinance #80 for the second reading
the same having been read the first time at a regular meeting held December first, 1921.
Whereupon the same was read for the second time. Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and
seconded by Commissioner Conklin and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance
#80 be passed as appears more fully in Ordinance Book #1 under Ordinance #80, of the
City of Las Vegas to which reference is hereby made the vote being as follows, to wit:
Commissioner Pembroke, Aye; Commissioner Conklin, Aye; and His Honor ,the Mayor, W.E. Ferron
voting Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mr. C.V.T. Gilbert appeared before the Board regarding sidewalk
grades on Sixth Street near Bridger Street, whereupon it was advised that this matter
be referred to the street commissioner and that he have the grade established on
said Sixth Street.

At this time City Clerk Harley A. Harmon presented to the Board orally, his
resignation as City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas to take effect immediately. Where-
upon motion being duly made and carried it was ordered that said resignation be and is 
hereby accepted.

The question of the appointment of a city clerk in and for the City of Las
Vegas, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Harley A. Harmon coming before
the Board at this time, it was upon motion of Commissioner Conklin, seconded by Commissioner 

Pembroke and duly carried, ordered that Florence S. Doherty of the City of 

Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby appointed City Clerk in and for the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County Nevada ,said appointment to take effect upon her filing a good
and sufficient bond in the sum of $2500.00, with to sureties thereon. Also that
the salary of said City Clerk be $25.00 per month. Commissioner Conklin, Aye; Commissioner 

Pembroke, Aye His Honor, the Mayor , W.E. Ferron voting Aye: Noes, None.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried

At this time Florence S. Doherty, newly elected City Clerk filed her bond in the sum
of $2500.00, with two sureties thereon, namely, Dr. Roy W. Martin and John S. Park, and it ap-
pearing to the Board that the bond is legal and in form it was upon motion duly made
and carried, ordered that the bond of said Florence S. Doherty be and the same is hereby
approved. Thereupon Florence S. Doherty, the duly appointed and qualified City Clerk of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, assumed the duties of the clerk of this Board.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was

Resolved, that R.E. Lake, Sr. be paid the sum of $487.00 to apply under his contract for
the construction of cement sidewalk on the west side of Third Street, upon 4175 sq.ft.
thereof already completed, Such payment to be made on presentation of bill for same. The vote
on said Resolution was as follows: Voting Aye, Commissioners Conklin and Pembroke, and His Honor
the Mayor W.E. Ferron: Noes, None.

There being no farther business before the board, it was upon motion duly made and
carried, ordered that this board stand adjourned until February 2, 1921, at two o'clock
p. m. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 2, 1921.

At a regular meeting held by the Board of City commissioners in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
this 2nd day of February. Present His honor, the Mayor, W. E. Ferron and Commissioners Pembroke and
Conklin, and the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time Albert Howard appeared before the Board in regard to the opening of a new tract and
asked the Board to consider putting through a road from Stewart's ranch to Section 36 and that this be
dedicated to the city and kept up by the city, whereupon it was ordered that this matter be laid over
for consideration.

The matter of the preparation of a bill to provide that the city may issue bonds to own and oper-
ate public utilities was referred to the City Attorney.

At this time the bids for the garbage contracts were opened and it appearing to the Board that only
one bid was filed it was ordered upon motion being duly made and carried that this bid be rejected.

His Honor the mayor, W. E. Ferron, Commissioner Conklin and Commissioner Pembroke voting aye. Noes
none, whereupon it was upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke and seconded by commissioner Conklin ordered 

that the Board advertise for new bids under the same specifications now on file whereupon his
Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, voting aye, Commissioner Pembroke voting aye and Commissioner Conklin
voting aye. Noes none.

Thereupon at this time it was ordered that this board stand adjourned until
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

MARCH 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held this 2nd day of March, 1921. Present, Hie Honor, the Mayor, W. E . Ferron,
and members Howard Conklin, Lou Martin and the Clerk and the City Attorney.

Minutes of the last regular meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read and approved as read.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this board.

It appearing to the Board that fees for licences (entitling individuals, companies or corporations
to conduct businesses within the city of Las Vegas, in accordance with Ordinance #74,) are not paid 
promptly at he first of each quarter because of the fact that said individuals, companies and cor-
porations are accustomed to wait for the City Clerk to collect same. The Board believing that this
practice unnecessarily wastes the time of the City Clerk and that it does not encourage promptness in
the payment of licenses, it was ordered, upon motion duly made by Commissioner Martin and seconded by
Commissioner Conklin and unanimously carried, that the City Clerk should and is hereby ordered at the
first of each and every quarter to mail notices of fees due for licenses from the various individuals,
companies and corporations doing business in the city of Las Vegas, and that remittance, either by
mail or in person should be made to the city Clerk promptly upon receipt of said notice. The vote
upon said motion being as follows, Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Conklin Aye, and his Honor
the Mayor voting aye, noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the board the application of James Nimock, City Plumbing Inspector
whereupon it was ordered by the board, upon notion duly made by Commissioner Conklin and seconded by
Commissioner Martin and unanimously carried, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to cause to be
printed for distribution two hundred and fifty copies of Ordinance no. 36 known as the Plumbing Ordinance
together with subsequent amendments. The vote upon said motion being as follows: Commissioner Martin,
aye, Commissioner Conklin aye, and his Honor the Mayor, voting aye. Nones none.

At this time the Clerk opened the bids for the disposal of garbage, under Ordinance #80, in compliance
with the Notice to Bidders published in the Las Vegas Age, as directed at the last meeting of this Board.
Thereupon only one bid being submitted, that of R. J. Oppedyk, who agreed to fulfill the provisions of the
Ordinance for the sum of $75.00 per month for a term of one (1), two (2), three (3), four (4) or five (5)
years. Thereupon it appearing to the board that Mr. Oppedyk's bid is first and reasonable it was ordered
upon motion duly made by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Conklin, and unanimously carried,
that the contract for the hauling and disposal of garbage, under Ordinance #80 be granted to the above
mentioned R. J. Oppedyk for the term of two years, upon this filing bond in the sum of 

One Thousand Dollars provided that the contract be drawn up by the City	

Attorney and first submitted to the members of this Board for their approval. The vote upon the above
was as follows: to wit Commissioner Conklin, aye, Commissioner Martin, aye and his Honor the mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

It appearing to the Board that this is the time for considering the election to be held for the pur-
pose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners, whereupon after a discussion on said matter the follow-
ing resolution was adopted, Resolved that

"Under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a general elect-
ion shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, every odd numbered year dating from
the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1913, and it appearing therefrom that a General Election
for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1921,
and the matter coming up regularly to be heard and arrangements made therefor, on motion duly made and
carried, the following resolutions were adopted, to-wit:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held, at the City Fire	

House, situated on lot 23, block 15, of Clark s Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for	

voting precinct No. One and at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage situate on lot 27 in block 29, of Clark's Las

Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for voting precinct No. two, on the 3rd. day of May,

1921, for the election of a Mayor and four commissioners; that the polls be opened at 8 o'clock a.m.
and close at 6 o'clock p.m. on said day; that Mrs. Joe L. McQuade, Mrs. John Lightfoot and Mrs. C. E. Pembroke 

be and hereby are appointed Inspectors of such election at the City Fire House, in precinct No. one
and Mrs. J. J. Silk, Mrs, Emma Schuyler and Mrs. Beatrice Seare be and hereby are appointed Inspectors of
Election at Dr. Hal L. Hewetson's Garage in precinct No. two to conduct the same in accordance with the
Laws of the State of Nevada governing elections.

Be it further resolved that no candidate for office at said election shall be entitled to have his
name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least ten days before the date of such
election, file in the office of the City clerk, of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, a certificate of nom-
ination, in writing, containing the name of the person nominated. Such certificate shall be signed and
verified by the candidate seeking nomination and shall show that the nominee therein possesses the qual-
ifications as required by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

And be it farther resolved that all provisions of the law relating to general elections so far as the
same can be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the provisions of the City Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such election;

And be it farther Resolved, that the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby
authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of said election. Such pro-
clamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters necessary or required to ful-
ly and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the date, time and places of
holding such election, the purpose thereof, the condition under which held, the names of the Inspectors,
the method and manner of classifying the commissioners, on ballot and such other matters as may be deemed
proper in the premises.

And be it farther Resolved that such proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Age, a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, Nevada, for a period of at least four
consecutive weeks (four issues) prior to the date of such election and printed copies of such proclama-
tion be posted by the City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in six public places in said City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, for the same period of time, three of said proclamations to be posted in each of
said voting precincts.

And be it farther Resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and she is here-
by authorized and directed to notify the duly elected, qualified and acting registry agent in and for
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books for the registration of the voters of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for said election at the time and in the manner provided by the laws of the
State of Nevada, governing the registration of voters in incorporated cities. Registration books shall
be open March 17, 1921.

And be it further Resolved that for the purpose of complying with the general law of the State of
Nevada, governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, a full and fair opportunity of casting their ballots at such election, the city of Las Vegas, Nevada 

be and is hereby divided into two (2) voting election precincts described as follows, towit:

All that portion of the city of Las Vegas, Nev., lying and being north of the center line of Carson
Street extended easterly and westerly across the city of Las Vegas, Nev., shall be designated and known

as Las Vegas City voting precinct number one (1), and all that portion of the city of Las Vegas, Nev.,
lying and being south of the center line of carson street extended easterly and westerly across the
City of Las Vegas, Nev. shall be designated and known as Las Vegas Voting Precinct Number Two (2).

Be it farther Resolved that the City Clerk of the city of Las Vegas, Nev. be and she is hereby
authorized and directed to have the official ballots prepared and to do and perform all such acts and
give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in order that the said election may be called
and held and the qualified voters may have due notice thereof as required by the laws of the State of Nev.
governing and as required by the provisions of the city charter of the city of Las Vegas, Nev. and this resolution."

This being the time set by law for the preparation of a Budget, thereupon the board proceeded to
take up the budget and tax levy for the year 1921, in accordance with the provisions of said state, and,

the matter being discussed at length it was ordered, upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Con-
klin and seconded by Commissioner Martin and unanimously carried that the following resolution be
adopted:

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1921.

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las egas for the Year Ending December 31, 1921, as Provided
in Section 9, Chapter 149, Laws of Nevada, 1917.

Receipts	Actual	Estimated	Expenditures	Actual           Estimated

1920	1921	1920	1921.

Licenses	$ 9,628.67	$ 4,000.00          Administration	$	5068.05 $	4669.00

Fines	427,00	600.00	 Police	3013.18	3838.00

Fees		Fire Protection	2700.00	200.00

Permits	192.50	200.00	 Streets and Alleys	8668.89	1610.00

Sewers

Engineering and Light 	1900.00	2092.42

	Health Department

City Elections	300.00	300.00

Bond Int. & Redemption	3600.00	3702.08

Surplus Funds

Taxes Collected, 1920 17,443.02	17,500.00

 Taxes required, 1921	13,000.	_______________ _______________________________________ __________

Totals	$30,691.19	$22,300.00	$ 25250.12	$16411.50

ASSESSED VALUATION

Actual, 1920	Estimated	1921.

Realty	$915,749.00

Improvements	572,009.00

Personal	121,800.00_____

TOTALS	1,609,558.00

Tax Rate on $100	.75

N. B. Assessed valuation in 1921 is on fall cash value.

Cash on Hand, January	1, 1921	20,802.91

Balance Due from second	half taxes 1921	4,479.37

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor and



attested to by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the city clerk and a copy thereof be published
for two publications, one week apart in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in said city of
Las Vegas. The vote on said resolution being as follows, Commissioner Martin, aye, Commissioner Conklin
aye, and his honor, the mayor, W. E. Ferron, voting aye, noes none.

The board then proceeded to take ap the matter of the levy on taxes for the city of Las Vegas for
1921. Upon motion of Comm. Conklin and seconded by Comm. Martin the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of eighteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable 
property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nev. be levied, collected and paid for the
year 1921, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation; said tax
to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of five cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate lying and being within the city of Las Vegas, Nev., be levied, collected

and paid for the year 1921, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from
taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sinking fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of ten cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property, situate, lying and being within the city of Las Vegas, Nev., be levied collected and

paid for the year 1921, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation; 

said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Cemetery Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of Seventeen cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the city of Las Vegas, Nev., be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1921, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation; said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas General Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of ten cents on each one hundred dollars worth or
taxable property, situate, lying and being within the city of Las Vegas, Nev., be levied collected and

paid for the year 1921, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation; 

said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Stree Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fifteen cents on each one hundred dollars worth


of taxable property, stituate, lying and being within the city of Las Vegas, Nev., be levied, collected and

paid for the year 1921, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation

said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Light Fund.

The vote upon said resolution being as follows: Comm. Martin aye, Comm. Conklin aye, and his honor,
the Mayor voting aye.

Upon motion of Commissioner Conklin and seconded by Commissioner Martin the following resolution was

adopted:

RESOLVED that the city clerk be hereby authorized and directed to notify the Board of Co. Comm., Clark
Co. Nev. of the tax rate established and levied by the Board for the year 1921 and direct said Board of Co.
Comm. to levy and cause to be collected and paid. The vote upon said resolution being as follows, towit:
Comm. Martin, aye, Comm. Conklin, aye and his Hon. the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Comm. Martin and seconded by Comm. Conklin the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that for the year 1921 on and until the further order of this Board all moneys received from



licenses and fines be apportioned as follows, to-wit: l/2 of said licenses and fines shall be placed in the

fire and Police Fund of said city and the remaining half to be placed in the general fund of said city. The
vote upon said resolution being as follows: Comm. Martin, aye Comm. Conklin, and his Honor the Mayor, aye.
There being no farther business before the Board it was ordered that this board stand adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS ,NEVADA.

APRIL 6,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 6th day of April, 1921. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, members C.E. Pembroke and
Lou Martin together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of Officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims against the City allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the
Clerk or this Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Martin, and unanimously
carried the Clerk was directed to Communicate with the Cemetery Board and to request them to make
no further purchases, unless authorized by this Board for the reason that the Cemetery Fund has
been overdrawn.

The Clerk then presented the following applications for Gaming Licenses: Pilar Santa
Cruz, Fred J. Pearce, Albert James. G. Lopez and Joe Abascal, Cleto Aquirre, Stocker Brothers,

James German and Harry Dale whereupon ,Said applications having been duly approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner, upon motion duly made by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Pem-
broke and unanimously carried it was ordered by the Board that said applications be approved and
the City Clerk is hereby instructed to issue Gaming Licenses to the above mentioned applicants
for the period of time from April 1st to June 30th, 1921.

At this time there appeared before the Board R.E. Lake, Sr., R.E Lake, Jr., and F.A.
Wait regarding the construction of a sidewalk on the north side of Fremont Street from Fifth
Street to Ladds Resort. This was taken under consideration by the Board.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following petition:

To The Board of City Commissioners
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:
The undersigned citizens of Las Vegas, living within the limits
of said City. hereby petition your Board to take some action
by ordinance or otherwise to prevent the operation by any
person within the city limits of a slaughter house. We respect-
fully call your attention to the fact that H. Blanding and Albert
Witwer at separate places within said city are operating slaughter
houses that the same are operated in such a manner as to interfere
with and endanger the health, safety, comfort and convenience of the
undersigned, living in the immediate vicinity. We respectfully request
you to investigate the conditions and take appropriate action for the
abatement of the same as a nuisance.

Signed: W.T. Tate

James L. Filby
S.B. Nay
Henry Mills.

whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion duly made by Commissioner
Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Martin, and unanimously carried to refer the matter to the
City Health Officer for proper investigation. Voting: Commissioner Pembroke, Aye; Commissioner
Martin Aye; His Honor the Mayor, Aye: Noes, None.

Regulation regarding the collection of Garbage inaccordance with Ordinance
No. 80, which had been drafted by City Attorney Stevens were presented, and upon motion duly made
by Commissioner Martin, Seconded by Commissioner Pembroke, and unanimously carried the same were
adopted and were ordered published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper for the period of one
week. The Clerk was also further authorised to have some copies of said regulations struck off
for distribution .Voting, Commissioners Martin and Pembroke, Aye, His Honor the Mayor, Aye: Noes. None.

It was moved by Commissioner C.E. Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Martin
that the City Budget be amended in compliance with the communication from the Nevada Tax Commission
and the City rate fixed at $.725 instead of $.75. Voting, Commissioners Pembroke and Martin, Aye:

His Honor the Mayor, Aye: Noes. None.

It was moved by Commissioner Pembroke, and. seconded by Commissioner Martin that
the City Treasurer be directed to make the following transfers of City Funds, to-wit: the sum of
Seven Hundred Dollars ($700.00) from the Salary Fund to the Street Fund: the sum of One Hundred
Fifty Dollars ($150.00) from the Salary to the Cemetery Fund: and the sum of One Hundred Dollars
and Seventy-four Cents ($100.74) from the General Fund to Sidewalk Assessment #7 Fund. Voting,
Commissioner Pembroke, Aye: Commissioner Martin, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye: Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

APRIL 25th, 1921.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners in and for the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, said meeting being called by the Mayor of said City. Present Hon. W.E. Ferron, Mayor with
members of said Board, Commissioners C.E. Pembroke, Lou Martin, and Howard Conklin, together with
the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Thereupon the Clerk stated to the Board the object of said special called meeting, informing 

the Board that said meeting was called at the special request of Hon. W.E. Ferron, Mayor for the
purpose of considering and acting upon the petition of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company
for a license or permit to lay telephone line cables under the streets and alleys of Las Vegas,
and to consider and act on such other business as may lawfully come before said meeting. Thereupon
the Clerk presented to the Board the written notice of the Mayor calling said special meeting
which was ordered filed and recorded as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada. Apr. 22, 1921.

To Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

You are hereby notified that a call is hereby issued for a special
meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
	Vegas, to be held at the Commissioners' Room of the County

Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on Monday, the 25th day
of April, 1921, at the hour of two o'clock P.M. of said
day, for the purpose of considering and acting upon the pe-
tition of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company for
a license or permit to lay telephone cables under the alleys
and streets of the City Las Vegas, and to consider and
act upon such other business as may lawfully come before the
meeting.

You will give notice of such meeting to the members of said

Board.

W.E. Ferron

Mayor.

Filed April 22, 1921. Florence S. Doherty, Clerk

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following notice which was ordered filed
and spread upon the minutes as follows to-wit:

Las Vegas, Nevada, April 22,1921.

To Howard Conklin, Lou Martin, C.E. Pembroke and W.E. Ferron, Mayor,
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

In pursuance of a call issued by the mayor, therefore on the
22nd day of April, 1921, you are hereby notified that there will be
a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, at the Commissioners' Room in the County
Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on the 25th day of April, A.D. 1921
at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the
petition of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company for
a license or permit to lay telephone line cables under the
streets and alleys of Las Vegas, and to consider and act on
such other business as may lawfully come before said meeting.

Florence S Doherty

City Clerk.

Filed April 22,1921, Florence S. Doherty.

whereupon the Board proceeded to take up the matter of the granting of a permit to lay
telephone cables under the streets and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, as prayed for
in the petition of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company, and after considerable
discussion it was the order of the Board upon motion made by Commissioners Martin and
seconded by Commissioner Conklin that the City Attorney be, and he is hereby instructed
to make a complete investigation and to draw up a permit and regulations subject to
the investigation and approval of the Board, same to be presented at the next regular
meeting of the Board. Voting, Conklin, Yes; Pembroke, Yes; Martin, Yes, and His Honor the Mayor
W.E. Ferron, Yes; Noes, None.

It was the motion of Commissioner Pembroke seconded by Commissioner Conklin
that the Street Commissioner be directed to make arrangements for placing sanitary recep-
tacles on the street corners of Fremont Street for the deposit of rubbish and papers. Voting
Conklin, Yes; Pembroke, Yes; Martin, Yes; and His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, Yes; Noes, None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time a
motion to adjourn was carried unanimously.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
MAY 4th, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of May, A.D. 1921, at two o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor W.E.
Ferron, with Commissioners Howard Conklin, C.E. Pembroke, and Lou Martin, together with the
Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.
All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board,
At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Conklin,
seconded by Commissioner Pembroke, and duly carried, that there be transferred from the
General Fund to the Street Fund the sum of $ 385.28 Voting: Conklin, Yes:

Martin, Yes: Pembroke, Yes: and His Honor the Mayor W.E. Ferron, Yes. Noes, None.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the Clerk that all the
returns for the City Election held on the day of May, 1921 were in and that the vote of the
election should be canvassed at this time. Thereupon the Board proceeded to canvass the vote
as cast on the 3rd day of May, 1921, for Mayor and four commissioners of said City of Las Vegas
and found the following.

MAYOR

W.E. Ferron	220

H.T. Jones	382

COMMISSIONERS- FIRST CLASS

Frank Brickie	359

Howard Conklin	230

COMMISSIONER- SECOND CLASS

Lou Martin	503

COMMISSIONER- THIRD CLASS

Thomas R. Hodgens	543

C.E. Pembroke	142

Jack Price	88

COMMISSIONERS- FOURTH CLASS

C.V.T. Gilbert	152

Charles Ireland	363

H.J. Woodard	57

Thereupon it appearing to the Board from said canvass that H.T. Jones had received the
highest number of votes for the office of Mayor of said city and that Frank Brickie had
received the highest number of votes for Commissioner of the First Class; that Lou Martin had
received the highest number of votes for Commissioner of the Second Class; that Thomas R.
Hodgens had received the highest number of votes for Commissioner of the Third Class; that
Charles Ireland received the highest number of votes for Commissioner of the Fourth Class.

It was upon motion duly made and carried, ordered and directed that the above named persons
be and they are hereby declared duly elected to their respective offices and the Clerk of this
Board is hereby directed to issue Certificates of Elections to the above named persons.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, a motion
to adjourn was unanimously carried.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JUNE 1,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 6th day of June, A.D., 1921. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, members C.E.
Pembroke, Howard Conklin, and Lou Martin, together with the Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved as read, and ordered placed on file.

All claims against the city allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the
Clerk of this Board, excepting the claim of the Golden Rule Cafe, which was ordered laid over until the
next regular meeting.

At this time the Clerk presented the following bid:

June 1,1921.

City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

Gentlemen:

I herewith submit bid on 8 garbage containers accord-
ing to specifications submitted to me by the Street Commissioner,
for the sum of $25.00 each.

Yours truly,

W.S. Rhoads.

whereupon after due consideration it was ordered that this bid be referred to the Street Commission-
er upon motion made by Commissioner Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Conklin. Vote, Commissioner
Pembroke, Aye; Commissioner Conklin, Aye:, Commissioner Martin. Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye.

Noes, None.

Upon motion duly made by Commissioner Conklin, and Seconded by Commissioner Martin, it
was ordered that the sum of $682.68 be transferred from the salary fund to street fund, and that the
City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to notify the City treasurer of this action. Voting, Com .
Pembroke, Aye, Com. Conklin, Aye; Com. Martin, Aye; His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, Aye; Noes, None.

It was moved by Com. Pembroke, seconded by Commissioner Martin that the sum of $87.60
be transferred from the Light Fund to the Cemetery Fund, and that the City Clerk be, and
she is hereby directed so to notify the County Treasurer. Voting Com. Pembroke, Aye;

Com. Conklin, Aye; Com. Martin, Aye; His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, Aye; Noes None.

Upon motion made by Com. Martin, and seconded by Com. Conklin, it was ordered that
the sum of $476.40 be transferred from the Light Fund to the General Fund, and that the Clerk be
and she is hereby directed to so notify the City Treasurer. Voting, Com. Pembroke, Aye; Com. Conklin
Aye; Com. Martin, Aye; His Honor the Mayor, W.E. Ferron, Aye; Noes, None.

There being no further business before the Board and this being the last meeting
of this Board of City Commissioners, and the newly elected Board, whose members were elected to 
office on the 3rd day of May, 1921, having qualified and taken the required oath of office and filed
their official bonds, and being ready to assume their duties as Mayor and Commissioners of said
City, it was upon motion of Commissioner Conklin, seconded by Commissioner Pembroke, and duly carried,
ordered that this Board stand adjourned sine die.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JUNE 1, 1921.

This being the time set by law for the newly elected Board of City Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada to take office, and the following members having heretofore been elected on

the 3rd day of May, 1921, there were present, and ready to assume the duties of office His Honor the

Mayor, Horace T. Jones; Commissioner of the First Class, Frank Brickie; Commissioner of the Second

Class, Lou Martin; Commissioner of the Third Class, Thomas R. Hodgens; Commissioner of the Fourth

Class, Charles Ireland. The above named members had filed their bonds and taken their oaths of office

and qualified as follows, to-wit; Horace T. Jones in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)

with Sana L. Bloedel and Earl W. Nungesser as sureties; Frank Brickie in the sum of One Thousand

Dollars, ($1,000.00) with Wm. P. Sprunt and H.N. Anderson; Lou Martin in the sum of One Thousand Dollars

($1,000.00) ,with F.N. Haight and R.E. Rockwell as sureties; Thomas R. Hodgens in the sum of One

Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00) with John M. Fahey and Ed. Von Tobel as sureties; Charles Ireland in the

sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) with W.E. Arnold and A.S. Henderson as sureties.

	

The Board then proceeded to organize, whereupon the mayor, Horace T. Jones announced that
the first thing in order would be the election of a city clerk. Thereupon .upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, it was ordered that Florence S. Doherty be and she is hereby
elected to the office of City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and that she be required to file a bond in
the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) and take the oath of office as by law pro-
vided. The vote being as follows, to-wit: Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commission-
er Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye. and His Honor the Mayor, Aye; Noes, None.

Thereupon, Florence S. Doherty, the newly elected City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
presented her official bond in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars, ($2,500.00) with Roy.
W. Martin and John S. Park as sureties and took the prescribed oath of office, whereupon motion
being duly made and carried it was ordered that the bond of Florence S. Doherty in the sum of
Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) for city clerk of said city be and the same is hereby
approved.

Thereupon the newly elected city clerk Florence S. Doherty, assumed the duties of clerk
of said Board as by law provided.

The next order of business was the appointment of a City Attorney, whereupon it was
moved by Commissioner Martin, Seconded by Commissioner Ireland that F.A. Stevens be appointed City
Attorney, whereupon the vote was as follows to-wit: Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens
Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon the newly elected City Attorney, F.A. Stevens presented his official bond
in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00) with W.E. Hawkins and A.S. Henderson as
sureties thereon, and took the prescribed oath of office. Thereupon motion being duly made and
carried it was ordered that the bond of F.A. Stevens in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars
($2 500.00) for City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby approved.

At this time it was moved by Commissioner Brickie and seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens that the salary of the City Clerk be fixed at the sum of $25.00 per month. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Ave; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

At this time it was moved by Commissioner Brickie and seconded by Commissioner Hodgens
that the salary of the City Attorney be fixed at the sum of $50.00 per month. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye. and His Honor 
the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, None.

Upon motion duly made by Commissioner Ireland, Seconded by Commissioner Hodgens it was
ordered that the salary of the Cemetery Sexton be fixed at the sum of $100.00 per month. Voting

Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland,
Aye, and His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes, None.

Upon motion duly made by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie it was

ordered that the salary of the City Treasurer be fixed at the sum of $25.00 per month. Voting,

Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland,



Aye, and His Honor the Mayor H. T. Jones Aye. Noes, None.



At this time His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones announced the following appointments, to-wit: Frank Brickie
was appointed Finance Commissioner: Thomas R. Hodgens was appointed Fire and Police Commissioner:

Lou Martin was appointed Street Commissioner, and Charles Ireland was appointed Sewer and Light
Commissioner.

The question of electing a Mayor pro tem coming on before the Board at this time it was the
motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that Charles Ireland be appointed
Mayor protem. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye;

and His Honor the Mayer, H.T. Jones, Aye. Commissioner Ireland, No.

It was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Ireland that Alfred T. Mc-
Carter be appointed to the position of City Marshall. Voting, Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner
Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones,

Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Martin that
Arthur Busch be appointed city policeman. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye;
Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones. Noes, None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, it was ordered
that the salary of the City Marshall he fixed at the sum of $150.00 per month. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Aye, Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor
the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that the City Marshall be appointed Fire Chief ex-officio, and that
he have charge of the fire truck, and stay at the fire house; and it was farther ordered that the
compensation for his services as Fire Chief be fixed at the sum of $20.00 per month. Voting,

Commissioner Brickie Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye Commissioner Ireland,

Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye: Noes, none.

It was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, Seconded by Commissioner Martin, and duly
carried that the salary of the city policeman be fixed at the sum of $150.00 per month. Voting, Com.
Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor
the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Mayor, H.T. Jones, presented the City Marshall and City policeman
with their official badges.

The question of the appointment of a municipal judge coming before the Board at
this time, upon motion made by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that Henry M. Lillis be appointed municipal judge, and that he be required
to file a bond in the sum of One thousand Dollars ($1,000.00), and to take the prescribed oath of
office. The vote upon this resolution was as follows: Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens
Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon Henry M. Lillis, the newly elected municipal judge presented his bond
in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00) with W.E. Hawkins, and Ed. Von Tobel as sureties,

and took the prescribed oath of office.

Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner

Brickie, and duly carried, that the salary of the municipal judge be fixed at the
sum of $25.00 per month. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner
Martin Aye, Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

It was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly 

carried that Dr. C.E. Bulette be appointed to the position of health officer of the City of Las
Vegas. Voting Commissioner Brickie ,Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner 



Martin, Aye Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones Aye. Noes, None.

The question of the support of the City Library coming on before the Board it was moved by
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly carried that the sum of $75.00 per
month be allowed for the support of the City library, and that of is amount $60.00 per month be
allowed as the salary of the librarian: and it was further ordered that the present library board
be retained. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye Commissioner Martin, Aye;
Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the question of the appointment of a cemetery board coming on before the
Board it was moved by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that the present
cemetery board be retained until the further order of this Board.

The question of the appointment of a Sewer and Plumbing Inspector coming on before
the Board upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Martin, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that L.R. Hilkie be appointed to fill the position of Sewer and
Plumbing Inspector. Voting, Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner
Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and his Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The question of the compensation of the Sower and Plumbing Inspector coming on before
the Board it was moved by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens that the Sewer
and Plumbing Inspector be allowed an amount each month, equal to the amount of fees collected
for Sewer and Plumbing permits. Voting, Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye Com-
missioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner, Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Mayor, H.T. Jones, recommended to the Commissioner of Fire and Police
that steps be taken toward the erection of a suitable addition to the Firehouse as headquarters
for the police department, and farther recommended that a telephone, signals, etc. be installed for
the protection of the citizens. This recommendation was unanimously approved by the Board.

At this time the clerk presented the following petition:

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 28, 1921

TO THE BOARD 0F CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

The undersigned, citizens of the City of Las Vegas, realizing the
faithful and efficient services rendered by Joe May as a policeman dur-
ing the past two years, and realizing further the necessity of the City
having at least two policeman in service ,one of whom to patrol the resid-
ence portion of the City and to care for estray stock must be mounted,
and the other to watch the stores and a tend fire protection must remain
in the business portion of the city, respectfully petition and request
your Honorable body to retain Joe May as a policeman of this city, believing 

that the best interests of the city will be thereby promoted.

He is a man of family, has been a resident of the City for the past
sixteen years, and has we believe, faithfully lived up to the orders of his
department and executed the law without fear or favor .

Name

A. R. Anderson
Hauley Paesky
Albert Wittwer
J.M. Ullom

C. V. T. Gilbert
S.F. Herman
Roy Goodwin
John F. Miller
Geo. Montgomery
Geo. Crouse

D.	PEcetto
Ira Earl

Ed. W. Clark Fwd. Co.

by Ed. W. Clark
C.C. Ronnow
R.B. Sproul
C. Wengert

C. L. Ronnow
Jack Price
Lester W. Stocker
O.C. Stocker
F. BOnebrake

F. Parks

H.W. Ball
Chas. P. Squires
Joe Keate
W.E. Seare

R.J. Oppedyk

M. E. Ward

Earl B. Gratto
Chas. C. Corkhill
Mrs. H.L. Warren
Ernest Kessler
Mrs. E. Kessler
O.E. Kachl
H.N. Anderson
C.F. Angle
C.M. Bailey
Dave Kramer
M.I. Newkirk
C.W. Perry
Mrs. L.A. Crowley
F.L. Duncan
O.P. Naylor
R.E. Naylor

R.	A. Colton
W.E. Arnold
Henry Rapohl
J.W. Lightfoot
H.M. Towner

C.A. French
Henry Mills
Frank Black

S. Aguirre
Douglas Gillam

Wm. P. Truden

Arthur F, Smith, Sr.
S.S. Harris
Bert Nay
Beckie Nay
M.J. Sullivan
W.I. Roberts
R. Jones
W.A. Harris

E.H. Hunting
Jose La Vera
A.G. Hurd
R.R. Foote
Frank Newlin
Fred E. Lockwood
L.L. Miller
Frank Chamberlin
Gunn Supply Co.

by A.E. Jones
Andrew W. Kane
Chas. W. Jones
C.P. Kuhlman
Cleto Aguirre
Ada Martin
J.W. Keith
R.W. Bishop
Cora D. Bishop
Anna Hooper
Mrs. H.W. Ball
Mrs. Geo. Hooper
Mrs. Nellie May
Hazel Hefner
Gilbert Hefner
J.C. Rafert
O.F. Smith
W.R. Burns
Ed. Von Tobel
Leo A. Crowley
M.E. Black
Sam Lawson

Con. Power & Telephone Co.

J.R. McCann

Ora Nay

Mrs. Ora Nay

Mrs. Geo. E. Lee

Geo. E. Lee

Mrs. S. A. Nay

J.G. Laravey

R.H. Schaffer

Omar Bundy

D.M. Webb

W.F. Rector

R.N. Edwards

F.M. Smith
J.O. Allen
C.E. Bretz
I.C. Johnson
H.J. Woodard
Will Beckley
Thomas M. Carroll

whereupon it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly carried
that this petition bo laid on the table. Voting Commissioner Brickie, Aye: Commissioner Hodgens, 
Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye. and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye.

Noes, none.

Thereupon the clerk presented the following petition:

April 12,1921.

Petition for Sidewalk.

We the undersigned do present this petition to the Hon-
orable City Board of Las Vegas, asking for a sidewalk to be constructed
along the north side of Fremont Street, commencing at the Corner of
Fifth and Fremont and running to 11th Street.

Respectfully signed,

R.E. Lake, Jr.

F.A. Wait

I. C. Johnson
Sam Mikulich
C.L. Connelly

J. F. Fagan

whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner
Brickie and duly carried, that said petition be laid over indefinitely, for further action. Voting
Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland,
Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the question of a time for meeting came up for discussion, whereupon,
on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Martin, and duly carried, it was the
decision of the Board that regular meetings for the discussion and transaction of any and all
 business, shall be held on the first and third Wednesdays of each and every month, at the hoar
of three o'clock p.m. ,in the District Attorney's Library at the Courthouse. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Aye; Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Martin, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye. and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to comes before the Board at this time, it was moved by
Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried ,that this meeting stand
adjourned until Saturday, June 4,1921 at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 4th day of June, A.D. 1921, per adjournment of said Board. Present His Honor
the Mayor, H.T. Jones, members Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens, and Charles Ireland together with
the clerk and city attorney.

This being the time set by the Board for the discussion of various questions regarding
the welfare of the city of Las Vegas, the Board proceeded to take up the matter of ordinances

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
CLARK COUNTY, JUNE 4,1921.
Office of the City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada. June, 7, 1921.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on this 7th day of June, A.D., 1921, per adjournment of said Board. Present His Honor the
Mayor, H.T. Jones, Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens, and Lou Martin, together with
the city clerk and city attorney.

At this time the clerk read to the Board an Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regarding
the licensing for the purpose of regulation and revenue, certain kinds of businesses fixing the rates
thereon and providing for the collection of license tax, and for the punishment of violators, whereupon
on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried, it was the
order of the Board that said Ordinance be passed on to the second reading. Voting, Commissioner Brickie
Aye, Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye, Commissioner Martin, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes. none

Thereupon the clerk read to the Board for the first time an Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, amending an Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas without first obtaining
a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, and providing a penalty
therefor. Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded
by Commissioner Martin that said Ordinance be passed on to its second reading. Voting, Commissioner
Brickie Aye; Commissioner Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner, Martin, Aye; His Honor the Mayor, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens,
and duly carried that the Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting, to be held on the
15th day of June, A.D. 1921. Voting, Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner
Martin, Aye , and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes ,none.

amending certain Ordinances referring to the licensing of businesses in the City of Las Vegas.

After lengthy discussion, it was that order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly carried that the city attorney be, and he is hereby direct-
ed to draft an amendment to said Ordinances in accordance with the ideas laid down by the Board.
Voting, Commissioner Brickie, Aye; Commissioner, Hodgens, Aye; Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the
Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board, upon motion duly made by Commissioner Brickie, second-
ed by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the meeting of the Board stand adjourned until
Tuesday the 7th day of June, A.D., 1921, at the hour of seven O'clock p.m. Voting, Commissioner Brickie,

Aye Commissioner Hodgens, Aye, Commissioner Ireland, Aye, and His Honor the Mayor ,H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes,
none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JUNE 15, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held on the 15th day of June, A.D., 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Present His Honor
the Mayor H.T. Jones, with members Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens, Lou Martin and Charles Ireland
together with the City Attorney, Frank A. Stevens, and City Clerk Florence S. Doherty.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read upon motion duly
made and carried.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board excepting
the bills of the Golden Rale Cafe and of J.N. Goodwin which were ordered returned for itemization.

The application of Albert Carpenter for a permit to haul garbage was laid on the

table.

At this time the City Attorney read for the second time Ordinance #81 entitled
"An Ordinance to Amend Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled :

' An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every
kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and
providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting
any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14,and 35,"approved
December 3rd, 1913,and amended December 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and
farther amended March 5, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend Section
6 of Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all Ordinances or parts of
Ordinances in Conflict therewith," whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner 

Hodgens ,and duly carried it was the order of the Board that Subdivision #44 of Section seven (7)
be eliminated and that the subsequent subdivisions be renumbered to conform to the Amendment.
Voting, Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon the above entitled Ordinance #81 was read for the final time, whereupon,
on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried it was the
orders of the Board that the above entitled Ordinance #81 be, and the same is hereby, passed. Voting,
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, None.

At this time the City Attorney read for the second time Ordinance No. 82 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first
obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a
penalty therefor, and repealing all Ordinances in conflict therewith' ",whereupon, on motion of
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried, it was the order of the
Board that the above entitled Ordinance No. 82 be, and the same is hereby passed. Voting Commissioners
Brickie ,Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes. None.

At this time the City Attorney read for the first time Ordinance No. 83, of
the City of Las Vegas, amending the Ordinances regulating plumbing, etc. in the City of Las Vegas,
whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that said Ordinance be laid over for the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

The question of the printing of Ordinances Nos. 81 and 82 coming up for discussion at
this time it was moved by Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that these Or-
dinances be printed in the Clark County Review. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland
and His Honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, Aye. Noes, None.

Mr. W.E. Miller appeared before the Board and asked for a permit to furnish water
for domestic purposes to that portion of the City of Las Vegas west of the Railroad tracks. After
due discussion the matter was referred to the City Attorney for investigation, and Commissioners
Hodgens, Martin and Ireland we appointed to a committee for the purpose of investigating conditions

in Odd Town, and directed to report at the next regular meeting.

Upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Ireland, the following Preambles
and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas was duly constituted as a municipal corporation within the
County of Clark, State of Nevada under and by virtue of the provisions of Chapter 132 of the
Session Laws of 1911, by an Act approved March 16, 1911, and

WHEREAS, Las Vegas Land & Water Company is a corporation duly incorporated under the laws
of the State of Nevada, with its principal office and place of business in the City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and

WHEREAS the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company is now and for many years prior to the
passage of this Resolution has been, engaged in the business, among other things, of supplying water
for domestic, commercial and fire protection purposes within the City of Las Vegas under and by vir-
tue of a franchise issued to said Company by the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County,
Nevada prior to the incorporation of the said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the pressure of the water so furnished to the City of Las Vegas for fire protec-
tion purposes is wholly inadequate to furnish sufficient or any protection against fires occurring
within said Las Vegas Townsite, which is included within the boundaries of said City of Las Vegas
in this:

(1)	That the average pressure of water delivered for fire protection purposes does not ex-
ceed a pressure of 20 lbs. at any of the fire hydrants, and much of the time there is a lesser pres-
sure.

(2) That the main conducting the water from the source of supply to the Townsite of Las
Vegas is, and has remained for a long period of time in a bad state of repair, permitting numerous
and large leakages, and a consequent diminution of the pressure which otherwise would be had were
such main pat and kept in a state of good repair.

(3) That the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company does not and for a long period of time has
not allowed sufficient water to enter the service pipes within the limits of said Townsite of Las
Vegas to maintain a pressure over said average of 20 lbs., but has arbitrarily cat off from the main,
leading from the source of supply, to the said service pipes by means of valves and other wise, a
large volume of water which otherwise would flow into the service pipes within said Townsite of Las

Vegas and would increase the water pressure for fire, domestic and commercial purposes.

(4)	That the service pipes within said Townsite of Las Vegas are in a bad state of repair
and will not permit of a water pressure sufficient for adequate fire protection, and have been in 
such bad state of repair far many years, and

WHEREAS the pressure of the water so furnished to consumers within said Townsite of Las Vegas
is wholly inadequate for the conduct of water daring the summer months to the second or other stories
of buildings above the first story, for domestic, commercial or fire protection purposes for the
reasons set forth in the last proceeding preamble,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that Complaint be made by this Board on behalf of said City
of Las Vegas to the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada of the conditions existing

with reference to the water service within said City of Las Vegas as here in above in the Preambles
set forth with the request that investigation and action thereon be had by said Public Service
Commission to remedy such conditions, which are hereby declared to be a menace to the safety, health
comfort and convenience of the residents of the City of Las Vegas ,and a menace to the property
situate within said City; that an emergency exists by reasons thereof which calls for immediate
and effective action.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of the foregoing Preambles and Resolution be
forwarded by the Clerk of this Board to said Public Service Commission, and that the same be con-
sidered a formal complaint, subject to amendment, modification, or to be supplemented, as said Public

Service Commission may require.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED ,that the Mayor, H.T. Jones ,Charles Ireland, Water, Sewer and Light
Commissioner, and the City Clerk, Florence S. Doherty, be and they hereby are authorized and
directed to conduct each correspondence with, and to furnish such data and reverts to said Public
Service Commission in respect to the matters hereinabove set forth, or in relation thereto, as may be
by them deemed necessary or desirable.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Martin, Ireland, and
His Honor the Mayor, H.T. Jones, voting Aye. Noes, None.

At this time Adam Kramer appeared before the Board with regard to a bill for removing cotton
wood roots from his sewer line, whereupon, after due consideration of this matter, it was the opinion
of the Board that this is not a just charge against the City of Las Vegas.

At this time City Attorney Stevens and Mayor Jones reported on the conditions existing in
the slaughter houses existing in the City of Las Vegas, whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens
seconded by Commissioner Ireland, the City Attorney was instructed to draw ap an Ordinance regulating
the operation of slaughter houses within the city limits.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, a motion to
adjourn was duly made and carried.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

JULY 6th, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark County,
State of Nevada, held the 6th day of July, 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.

Present his honor, the Mayor H.T. Jones, Commissioners, Brickie, Hodgens and Ireland, together
with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

The reports of the officers were approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of the Board.

At this time W.R. Bracken appeared before the Board regarding the complaint of water service
made by this Board to the Public Service Commission for the State of Nevada. After a discussion
by Mr. Bracken and the members of the Board it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Ireland and daly carried that the Resolution made by this Board to the Public
Service Commission at the last meeting be, and the same is hereby rescinded, and the Clerk be
directed to notify said Public Service Commission that a settlement has been reached between
this Board and the said Las Vegas Land & Water Co., voting Commissioners, Brickie, Hodgens and
Ireland and his honor the Mayor, aye, noes none.

At this time, A.W. Ham, appeared before the board representing Vincent Matteucci, and asked
that the Board grant Vincent Matteucci a merchandise license for carrying on his business dur-
ing the present quarter; the same having been refused Mr Matteucci by the City Clerk at the
direction of the Mayor acting under advice of the Sheriff of Clark County, Nevada. After an
argument between Mr Ham and District Attorney Harley A. Harmon, who appeared in the interest
of Sheriff Cay, it was moved by Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and
duly carried that a merchandise license be granted to Mr Matteucci, voting Commissioners Brickie,
Hodgens and Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye, nones none.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and
duly carried it was the order of the Board that the City Treasurer be directed to transfer
the sums of $700.00 and $682.68, respectively, from the Street Fund to the Salary Fund, and
the Clerk of this Board is directed so to notify the City Treasurer. Voting Commissioners

Brickie, Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.
At this time appeared before the Board, C.C. Connley, regarding the need of a sidewalk
out Fremont Street because of the high rate at which automobiles run on this street. After
due discussion, the Mayor H.T. Jones recommended to Police Commissioner Thos. H. Hodgens that the
officers be instructed to watch for speeders at the points mentioned.

At this time the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, read for the second time ordinance No. 83, an
ordinance to amend ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance providing
for the issuance of Plumbing and Sewer Connection Permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and
Sewer Connections and for the Regulation and construction of Plumbing work in the City of Las
Vegas", passed Jan. 7th, 1913, by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 1-A, and
by amending section 8 of said Ordinance. Upon motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens and duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be referred to the
City Attorney for farther amendment in accordance with the ideas expressed in general discuss-
ion. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye.

Noes none.

Whereupon the Clerk read the following communication from W.I. Roberts:

"Las Vegas, Nevada,

July 1,1921.

"To the Honorable Mayor and City Board of Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nev.

"Gentlemen:

Should you at this time or in the near future decided to sell the lot or lots
that the Fire House is now on, I would thank you to consider me as a purchaser. I am con-
templating a new home for my undertaking and as only the alley separates it from my Fremont
property believe its more valuable to me than for what it is now used for. I thank you.

 	Yours very truly,

W.I. Roberts."

Whereupon it was the opinion of the Board that the City has no right to sell said property.

At this time the City Attorney read for the first time an ordinance No. 84 entitled: "An
Ordinance providing for and regulating the location and management and construction of Slaughter
Houses within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation
thereof." Whereupon it was moved by Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Ireland and
duly carried that said ordinance No. 84 be passed on to the second reading. Voting Commissioners
 	Brickie, Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried,
it was moved that the Gaming License be issued to said applicant.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried,
it was moved that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie,
Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H. T. Jones, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of F.J. Pierce, for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried,
it was moved that the Gaming License be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie,
Ireland Hodgens and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan, for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens,
it was moved that a gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie,
Hodgens, Ireland and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.
At this time the Clerk presented the application of. Al. James, for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved the Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens.
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried, it
was moved that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens
Ireland, and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.

At this time, the Clerk presented the application of James Germain, for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens,
Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Ireland, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried, it
was moved that the Gaming License be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens
Ireland, and his honor the Mayor H.T. Jones, aye. Noes none.	Mayor.

Whereupon there being no farther business before the board at this time, it was moved and seconded



that the Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

JULY 20th, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held the 20th day of July, 1921, at the hour of three o'clock. P.M.

Present Commissioners Brickie and Martin and his honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Chas. Ireland, to-
gether with the City Attorney and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the City Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication, dated July 19th, 1921, and add-
ressed to The City Board of Las Vegas, Nevada, "Gentlemen: I am writing you in regard to those
 trash containers for the streets. I have a man to make them that just made 200 for St. Louis. He
used #24 iron, now he says that is heavy enough for anything in that line. He says it is almost
impossible to make them of heavier grade than #24 without machinery which we have not. Please
let me hear from you immediately, and will start making them.

Yours truly,

Rhoads Garage, by W.S. Rhoads."

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin and seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried, the
Clerk was instructed to notify W.S. Rhoads that the grade of iron required for the trash containers
to be constructed by the City of Las Vegas should be as follows: No. 20 iron for the bodies of the
containers and No. 24 iron for the tops of the containers. Voting: Commissioners Martin and Brickie
and his honor the Mayor pro tem Chas. Ireland, aye. Noes none.

Clerk then present a communication from W.S. Dentner. As Mr Dentner had neglected to sign
the same it was ordered returned for his signature.

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin and seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried,
the City Attorney was instructed to draft an amendment to the speed ordinance, fixing the speed
limit within the city limits of the City of Las Vegas at 15 miles per hoar. Voting: Commissioners
Martin, Brickie and his honor the Mayor, pro tem, Ireland, aye. Noes none.

  At this time ordinance No. 84 was read for the second time, which is entitled: "An Ordinance
A providing for the location, Management and Construction of Slaughter Houses within the Limits of
the City of Las Vegas, and Providing penalties for a violation thereof." Upon motion by Commissioner
Martin and seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried that said ordinance No. 84 be passed.
Voting: Commissioner Martin and Brickie and his honor, the Mayor Pro tem Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time Commissioner Martin spoke regarding the water service in the City of Las Vegas.

W.R. Bracken appeared in behalf of the Las Vegas Land & Water Co. A Discussion of this matter followed.

At this time ordinance No. 83 was read for the second time, which ordinance is entitled:

"An Ordinance to amend ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled :"An ordinance providing
for the issuance of Plumbing and Sewer connection permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and Sewer
Connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas", by
adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 1-A, and by amending Section eight and Subdivision
eight of Section eleven thereof." Upon motion duly made and carried it was carried over until the
next meeting.

At this time ordinance No. 85, entitled: "An ordinance to regulate the Construction, Reconstruc-
tion, moving, alteration, maintenance, use and occupancy of dwellings in the City of Las Vegas, and
to provide penalties for the violation thereof.," was read for the first time and passed. Voting:
Commissioner Martin and Brickie, and his honor the Mayor pro tem, Ireland, aye. Noes none.

There being no farther business before the Board at this time it was duly moved and seconded to
adjourn to the next regular meeting the 3rd day of August, 1921.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AUGUST 3,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of August, A.D. 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.

Present: Mayor Pro Tern, Chas. Ireland with members Frank Brickie and Thos. R. Hodgens, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk, and reports of
Officers read and approved and ordered placed on file.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved except that upon motion of Commissioner
Brickie and seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly carried it was ordered that the motion of
Commissioner Martin regarding the water service of the Las Vegas Land & Water Co. be stricken out.
Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens and his honor the Mayor Pro tem Chas. Ireland, aye. Nones none.

At this time upon motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly
carried, it was ordered that the following resolution be spread upon the minutes of this meeting,
and that a copy of said resolution be given to all of the newspapers for publication:

"IN MEMORIAM

On Saturday, July 23rd, 1921, Mayor Horace T. Jones died at Las Vegas
	Hospital.

His brief career in that office served only as an index as to his
abilities and character as a public man. Had he retained his health
and strength, judging from what he had already accomplished, it is hard
to place a limit upon what his achievements might have been had he lived
the allotted years of man. But in full bloom of early middle life, he	

was taken from us, and the home and places in the midst of which he lived	

and loved, and was in turn loved and honored, shall know him no more for-
ever.

We, also, his associates shall miss him from our circle, feeling always
that though his untimely passing the community and State has lost a gifted,
useful and promising public man.

When Mayor Horace T. Jones passed away, a useful life was ended, and the
warm expressions of grief and tributes of respect paid by his fellow citizens
affixed the final seal to a successful and honorable career.

His industry kept pace with his capacity, and his integrity was never

questioned. He went to rest leaving behind him a record which should be an
example and an inspiration to his friends and associates and a
guide to good citizenship.

Let a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the Minutes of
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, this 3rd
day of August, 1921, and a copy thereof be transmitted by the
Clerk to the widow of the deceased"

At	this time the question of the appointment of a mayor to fill the unexpired term of Mayor Jones

came up for discussion and after due consideration  upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded 

by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried, Chas. Ireland was appointed to fill this office. The same
to take effect upon his filing and the approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1000.00
and filing of the Oath of Office. Voting Commissioners Brickie, and Hodgens aye. Noes None. Chas.
Ireland not voting.

At this time upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie the office of
Commissioner of the Fourth class was declared vacant. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and
his honor the Mayor pro tem Ireland, aye. Noes none. The appointment of a fourth class commissioner
came on for discussion and it was upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie
and duly carried that Harry Anderson was elected to fill this office, this appointment to take effect
upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1000.00 and upon his taking

the Oath of Office. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor pro tem Ireland

aye. Noes none.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly carried it was
ordered that the following resolution be spread upon the minutes of this Board: Voting Commissioners
Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor pro tem Ireland, aye. Noes none.

"RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, THERE is great and pressing need throughout the Southwest, for
the hydro-electric power which may be developed on the Colorado River
at or near Boulder Canyon; and

WHEREAS, The interest of the State of Nevada and especially of Las Vegas
and Clark County, demands that such power be developed without further
delay, to the end that we may soon enjoy the prosperity which this great
enterprise will bring to the entire southwest, Now, therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED, that we look with distrust upon the efforts being made by
the City of Los Angeles to secure control of the Boulder Canyon Power site,
believing that such efforts will result only in long delay in the consumma-
tion of the project; and

Be it Resolved, that the interests of Nevada and Arizona affected in this matter,
being identical, we voice oar strenuous objections to the granting of permits,
by Nevada and Arizona to any California municipality or combination of govern-
mental or political organization.

BE IT RESOLVED That we hereby express our approval of the proposal of the
Southern California Edison Company, with the understanding that said company
will finance and construct works for the development of hydro-electric power
at or near Boulder Canyon, giving proper and satisfactory assurances that the
interests of all localities shall be properly recognized in the distribution
of power, and that work on such development shall be began as soon as the
necessary permits are secured and pushed without delay to early completion.

THIS RESOLUTION was duly adopted at a meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, at their meeting held this 3rd day
of August, 1921.

(signed:) Chas. Ireland,

Mayor Pro tem.

Florence S. Doherty,

(seal)	City Clerk. "

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried, it was
ordered that the salary of the City Clerk be raised to the sum of $50.00 per month to take effect
August 1, 1921. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland, aye.
Noes none.

At this time the matter of the increasing the police force by adding another policeman was after
due consideration it was ordered that the matter be referred to the Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. 
R. Hodgens for investigation and action was devered until the next regular meeting of the Board.

At this time the City Clerk read for the second tine Ordinance No. 83, entitled: "An Ordinance
to Amend Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled An Ordinance providing for the Issuance of
Plumbing and Sewer Connection Permits, for the inspection of Plumbing and sewer connections and for
the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas"
by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section la, and by amending Section eight and Sub-

division eighth of Section eleven thereof." Voting: Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor



the Mayor Pro Tem Chas. Ireland, aye. Noes, None. that this ordinance be passed for the second time.

At this time ordinance No. 86 entitled: "An Ordinance to amend section six ( 6) and to repeal
Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An ordinance regulating
travel and Traffic upon the public Streets of the City of Las Vegas Nevada." was read for the
first time upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens and seconded by Commissioner Bricke and duly carr-
ied it was passed until the second reading. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor
the Mayor pro tem Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time ordinance No. 85 entitled: "An Ordinance to
regulate the construction, reconstruction, moving, alteration, maintenance use and occupancy of
dwellings in the City of Las Vegas, and to provide penalties for the violation thereof". Whereupon
it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Hodgens
and duly carried that this ordinance be passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens and Brickie and his
honor the Mayor pro tem Chas. Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time Harley A. Harmon appeared before the Board in the interest of the Federated
Crafts, who asked for permission to use the streets of the City of Las Vegas for a Labor Day Cele-
bration. Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens and seconded
by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried that this Board grant the Federated Crafts the use of the
streets during their Labor Day celebration, subject to the supervision of the Police and Fire Com-
missioner. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor pro tem Chas. Ireland,
aye. Noes none.

At this time it appearing to the Board that there is no further business before the Board
it was upon motion duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until the 17th of August
1921, at the hoar of 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AUGUST 17th, 1921.

At a regular appointed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of August, A.D. 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.

Present: Mayor Chas. Ireland, with members Commissioner Brickie and Commissioner Hodgens, also
the City Attorney and Clerk Pro tem.

All bills presented were allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk, except
the Bill of the Standard oil Co. for $115.14, which was held up for further check; and the bill of
the Golden Rule Cafe in the amount of $40.80 for feeding city prisoners, and it was found upon in-
vestigation of Police & Fire Commissioner Hodgens that the Criminal Register on file only itemized
$4.40 for meals for city prisoners, therefore that was the amount allowed. The Clerk was ordered
to make said warrant in the amount of $4.40 of the Golden Rule Cafe in the name of Sam Gay, Sheriff
as an attachment had been placed on moneys due said Cafe, while under the management of Mr. Kolez,
and said Sheriff would pay said $4.40 on said attachment.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

At this time the resignation of Chas. Ireland, as commissioner of the fourth class was duly
accepted.
At this time the Bond of Chas. Ireland as Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, together with his
Oath of Office was presented and it was upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens and duly carried that said Bond and Oath of Office of Chas. Ireland as Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, be approved. Voting Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens aye. Noes none. Mayor Ireland
not voting.



At this time the Official Bond of H. N. Anderson, as Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, was

presented and it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly



carried that said official bond of H.N. Anderson as commissioner of the fourth class of the City of Las Vegas, be approved.

Voting: Commissioners Brickie and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor, aye. Noes none.

At this time a Resolution as to the form of business was presented for the consideration of the

Board, which reads as follows:

"RESOLVED, that until the further order of the Board
the following be and the same is hereby established
as the Order of Business to be pursued at all regular
meetings of the Board of City Commissioners, towit:

1.	Calling roll.

2.	Reading of minutes of previous session.

3. Reports of officers.

4. Reading of Bills and action thereon.

5.	Communications.

6.	Unfinished business.

7.	New Business.

8.	Adjournment.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that such order may be deviated
from at any meeting only upon the assent of a majority
of the members of the Board present."

It was upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried
that the above Resolution as to the order of business be approved and adopted. Voting: Commissi-
oners Brickie and Hodgens, and his honor Mayor Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk was instructed to inform the Street Commissioner, Lou Martin, that
he was to arrange for the leveling the streets to be used for the Labor Day Celebration.

At this time a Communication from the Federal Power Commission at Washington, dated Aug. 4th
was read and it was the order of the Board to lay said communication on the table until next meet-
ing.

At this time a communication was read by the Clerk from the Labor Commissioner at Carson
City dated August 1, 1921, relative to the City Commissioners, or any other political division,
employing persons who are not citizens of the United States on any public improvements. Where-
upon it was the order of the Board said communication be placed on file.

At this time Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled: "An Ordinance
to amend section six (6) and to repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled: 'An ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the Public Streets of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.'", was read for the second time and passed. Voting Commissioners Brickie
and Hodgens and his honor the Mayor, Chas. Ireland, voting aye. Noes. None.

At this time there appearing no farther business before the Board, it was on motion daly
made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting day, being
September 7th 1921 at the hour of 3 o'clock p.m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS,
Las Vegas, Nevada, September 7th, 1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 7th day of September, A.D. 1921, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present:

Mayor Chas. Ireland with members Commissioners, Hodgens, Brickie, Martin and Anderson, together with
the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.



Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting the
bill of R.E. Rockwell in the sum of $93.95, which was ordered returned for proper itemization and the
bill of the American-LaFrance Fire Engine Co. for $110.39 which was ordered returned for correction.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

"Washington, D.C. August 4,1921.

The Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

In accordance with the Federal Water Power Act, the City of
Los Angeles, 207 South Broadway, Los Angeles, California, has filed
application covering proposed power development on the Colorado River
from a point in Boulder Canyon at an approximate elevation of 710 feet
to points about 80 miles on the Colorado River and 60 miles on Virgin
River upstream from said Boulder Canyon. It is proposed to carry oat
the project in conjunction with such plans as the United States Recla-
mation Service, Department of the Interior, may adopt for the purposes
of reclaiming and irrigating lands in the vicinity.

Any objections to or comments on this project should be
addressed to this Commission not later than October 10th, 1921.

Very truly yours,

O.C. Merrill,

Executive Secretary."

Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner
Martin that action on this letter be postponed until a future date. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,
Brickie, Martin and Anderson and his honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland aye. Noes None.

At this time there appeared before the Board W.E. Hawkins, Leo A. McNamee and Fred A. Rodolf
who presented to the Board a plat of Hawkins Addition to Clark's Townsite; and it appearing to the
Board that the said plat was in due form as by law provided it was order of the Board, upon motion
of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie that Commissioner Martin be and he is here-
by authorized to approve said plat of Hawkins Addition to Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Voting Com-
missioners Hodgens, Brickie, Martin, Anderson and his honor the Mayor Chas.Ireland, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Hon. W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, and Commissioner Henry Rice Sr. appeared before this Board with regard to securing
the co-operation of the City of Las Vegas in the care of indigents of whom there are an unusual
number at the present time. After discussion it was the opinion of the Board that the matter be referred 

to the District Attorney and City Attorney and be given farther consideration at a future meeting.

At this time the Clerk read the following:

"The Hon. Board of City Commissioners
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Yon will kindly accept my resignation as Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to take effect the first
Tuesday in the month of October, I am taking this step
on account of changing my place of residence which will
prevent my filling the duties of said office.

Very truly yours,

Chas. Ireland, Mayor."

Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner
Brickie that said resignation of Chas. Ireland as Mayor of the City of Las Vegas be accepted with
regret to take effect on the first Tues. in October.  Voting: Commissioners Hodgens Brickie, Martin, 

Anderson and his honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland, aye. Noes none.

At this time the question of finances came up for discussion and it was the order of the
Board that the following resolution be adopted, being on motion of Commissioner Martin,

seconded by Commissioner Brickie:

"RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized
and directed to notify the City Treasurer that for the remain-
der of the year 1921 on and until the further order of this
Board, all moneys received from licenses and fines be apportioned 

as follows, towit:

Twenty-five (25%) per cent of said licenses and fines shall be
placed in the Light Fund of said City; Twelve and half (12 1/2%)
per cent of said licenses and fines shall be placed in the
Cemetery Fund of said city, and the remaining Sixty-two & 1/2 (62 1/2%)
per cent of said licenses and fines shall be placed in the Police
and Fire Fund of said city."

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioner Hodgens, Brickie, Martin, Anderson and
his honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland voting aye. Noes none.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly carried that
this Board stand adjourned until the 20th day of September, AD. 1921, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. of said. day.

	OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS,

Las Vegas, Nevada, September 20,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, held on the 20th day of September, A.D. 1921, at the hour of 3 o'clock p.m.

Present: Mayor Chas. Ireland with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, Lou Martin and Harry N.
Anderson, Commissioner Frank Brickie being absent.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and it was the order of the Board that the follow-
ing correction be made towit: "Whereupon it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Brickie, that said resignation of Chas. Ireland, as Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas, be accepted with regret to take effect on the first Tuesday in October." Voting:
Commissioners Hodgens, Brickie, Martin and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor Chas. Ireland aye. Nones
none. Whereupon the minutes were read as corrected and approved.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting the
bill of the American-LaFrance Fire Engine Company, which was ordered returned for correction; and
the bill of the Rhoades Garage, which was also ordered returned for correction.

The communication from the Federal Power Board was laid over for the present.

At this time Mayor Ireland being called from the meeting on business, Mayor pro tem Thomas R.
Hodgens assumed the chair.

After a discussion of the provisions of the Plumbing Ordinance it was moved by Commissioner Mar-
tin, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly carried, that the City Attorney be and he is hereby,
instructed to draw up an amendment to Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas entitled: "An Ordi-
nance providing for the issuance of Plumbing and Sewer Connection permits, for the inspection of
plumbing and sewer connections and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City
of Las Vegas.", providing for fees for inspection in the case of cleaning and repairing waste pipes
without the substitution of new material be temporarily suspended pending the adoption of the
amendment to ordinance No. 36, above referred to. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Martin, and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Thos. R. Hodgens.

It was moved by Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Martin and duly carried that
the City Attorney be and he is hereby, directed to prepare a form of permit for use where repairs
are made and new material used. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Martin and his Honor, the Mayor
pro tem Thos. R. Hodgens aye. Noes none.

At this time S.W. Craner appeared before the Board and asked for permission to run water
pipes through the alleys and streets of Buck's Addition for the purpose of conveying water for
domestic use from an artesian well at 8th & Carson streets to certain residences in Buck's Addn.
Whereupon it was upon motion of Commissioner Anderson and seconded by Commissioner Martin that the
City Attorney be and he is hereby, directed to draw up a permit in conformity with the above, all-
owing Mr. Craner do so pipe said artesian water, which shall be duly approved by this Board. Vot-
ing Commissioners Martin and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, pro tem, Thomas. R. Hodgens. Noes
none.

At this time Steve Aguirre appeared before the Board and asked for permission of this Board
to place a sign, advertising his place of business across Fremont Street at the Corner of Third
Street, and it was the order of the Board that the same be laid over until the next meeting.

At this time it was upon motion duly made and carried that this Board stand adjourned until
the Next regular meeting to be held at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on Tuesday, October 4th, 1921.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

Las Vegas, Nevada, October 4,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 4th day of October, A.D. 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m.

Present, Mayor Chas. Ireland with Commissioners Lou Martin, Frank Brickie and Harry N. Anderson,
Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens, being absent; together with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting the
statement of the Standard Oil Co., which was turned over to the Street Commissioner, Lou Martin for
further investigation.

Mr. E.E. Smith appeared before the Board with regard to the disposal of rubbish along the pub-
lic roads inside the City Limits and at the edge of town, where people throw refuse instead of tak-
ing it to the City damping ground. This matter was taken under advisement.

At the request of Mr. S.J. Craner to lay and maintain a pipe line in Buck's Addition for supplying

water for domestic uses a permit was granted upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner



Brickie and duly carried. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie, Anderson and his Honor the Mayor,
Chas.Ireland aye. Hoes none.

It was the farther order of the Board upon motion by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commiss-
ioner Brickie and duly carried, that Mr. Craner sign with the City, a permit drawn up by the City
Attorney. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie and Anderson and his Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland
aye. Hoes none.

In the matter of the Communication of the Federal Power Commission, it was resolved that the
Communication be answered, acknowledging receipt and stating that the City of Las Vegas through its
Mayor and Commissioners has no objection to the application of the City of Los Angeles covering pro-
posed power development on the Colorado river; provided, that if the application of the City of
Los Angeles be accepted that the said applicant be compelled to start work on said power project
within one year, and that when so completed the rights of the State of Nevada be fully guaranteed
in that the said state be allowed preferential rates and the rates for power so charged be subject
to supervision by the Nevada Railroad Commission. Moved by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner 

Brickie and duly carried. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie and Anderson and his
Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland. Noes none.

In the matter of the request of Steve Agurrie to place a sign across Fremont Street was
denied upon motion of Commissioner Brickie and seconded by Commissioner Martin. Voting Commissioners 

Martin, Brickie and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, Chas. Ireland, aye. Noes None.

It was moved by Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Martin that the surplus
sum of $153.75 in the Sidewalk Assessment Fund No. 7 be transferred to the Police and Fire
Fund, and the Clerk be and she is hereby, instructed so to notify the City Treasurer.

Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie and Anderson and his Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland aye.

Noes none.

It was moved by Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that the sum of
$250.00 be transferred from the General Fund to the Street Fund and that the Clerk be and she
is hereby, instructed to so notify the City Treasurer. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie
and Anderson and His Honor, the Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the question of appointing a mayor in place of Mayor Chas.Ireland resigned,
came up before the Board. W.C.German was nominated by Commissioner Martin. It was then
moved by Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Anderson that the nominations be closed.
Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie & Anderson, and his Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland, aye. Noes
none.

Thereupon the name of W.C. German was presented to the Board for appointment to the position
of Mayor in place of Chas.Ireland resigned, to take effect upon the filing and approval of
good and sufficient bonds in the sum of One Thousand Dollars and the taking of the Oath of
Office. Whereupon the vote was taken as follows, Commissioners Martin, Brickie and Anderson
and His Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, Frank Brickie
was appointed Mayor Pro Tem. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Martin, and His Honor the
Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none. (Commissioner Frank Brickie not voting).

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Ball & Skinner for a gaming license


in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos.



R. Hodgens. Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Anderson
and duly carried, it was moved that the Gaming License be issued to said applicant. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson and His Honor, the Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan (Morgan & Stocker) for a
gaming license in the City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Com-
missioner Anderson and duly carried, it was moved that the Gaming license be issued to said
applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor , Chas.
Ireland aye. Hoes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the applicant ion of James Germain for a gaming license



in the City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos.

R. Hodgens. Whereupon on motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Anderson
and duly carried, it was moved that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of F.J. Pearce, for a gaming license
in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos.

R. Hodgens. Thereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson and duly carried that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Com-
missioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Joe Abascal for a gaming license in
the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos. R.
Hodgens. Whereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded bp Commissioner
Anderson and duly carried, that the gaming license bo issued to said applicant. Voting com—
ting Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Chas.Ireland, aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license in the
City of Las Vegas. The same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens
Whereupon it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Brickie seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly car-
ried, that the Gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson
and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Albert James for a gaming license in the 
City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police & Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens.
Whereupon, it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly
carried, that the gaming license be issued to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Ander-
son and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor Chas.Ireland aye. Noes none.

At this time upon motion duly made and carried, it was the order of the Board to adjourn until
Tuesday, October 18, 1921, at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.

The meeting re-convened October 18, 1921, at three o'clock. Present: His Honor the Mayor,

William C. German, with Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, together with the City Attorney
and City Clerk, Commissioner Hodgens being absent.

At this time the Clerk read a communication from R.E. Tilden of Winnemucca, Nevada, Upon motion of
Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie this was ordered placed on file for reference.
Voting Commissioners Brickie Martin and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Wm. C. German aye. Noes none.

It appearing to the Board that there are differences existing between the Sewer and Plumbing
Inspector L.R. Hilkie and the local plumbers it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commission-
er Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie that the Sewer Inspector and local plumbers appear at
the next regular meeting of the Board for the purpose of attempting to reach a settlement of certain
differences existing between them. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Martin and Anderson, and His Honor
the Mayor Wm. C. German aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin. seconded by Commissioner Brickie, it was the order of the
Board that until further ordered, the regular monthly meetings of the Board of City Commissioners



of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall hereafter be held on the first Wednesday of each month, at
the hour of eight o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Martin, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor
Wm. C. German aye. Noes none.

Thereupon Mayor German announced the following appointments:

Commissioner Harry N. Anderson was appointed Street Commissioner.

Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens was appointed Water, Sewer & Light Commissioner.

Commissioner Lon Martin was appointed Police & Fire Commissioner.

Commissioner Frank Brickie, was re-appointed Finance Commissioner.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner Martin seconded by Commissioner Brickie it was the order
of the Board that A.T. McCarter be removed as City Marshall and Fire Chief, Voting Commissioners
Brickie, Martin, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor Wm. C. German, aye. Noes none.

Thereupon the office of City Marshall and Fire Chief was declared vacant, and upon motion of
Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, Arthur Busch was appointed to the position of
City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, said appointment to take effect upon
his taking the oath of office and filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and upon
the approval of said bond by Mayor William C. German. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Martin and
Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, Wm. C. German aye. Noes none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried that the
Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the second day of November, A.D. 1921, at the
hour of eight o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF

Las Vegas, Nevada, November 2,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
on the 2nd day of November, 1921, at the hour of eight o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor,
William C. German, with members Frank Brickie, Lou Martin, Thomas R. Hodgens and Harry N. Anderson,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

"Las Vegas, Nevada, October 28,1921.

To His Honor, W. C. German, Mayor of Las Vegas,

and the Honorable Board of City Commissioners.

Gentlemen:

Having a matter of considerable importance to present for your
consideration, I take this method of getting it before you.

Throughout every year, and with greater frequency during the
Fall and Winter, the people of this community are called upon to sub-
scribed funds for the relief of many persons. Some of these are worthy
of assistance, others are not. In order that the officials and citizens
of the city may not be left to the mercy of unscrupulous persons seeking
aid for imaginary ills, and that those deserving of help may be rightfully
cared for, I submit the following suggestions:

First: That a committee be selected by your body consisting
of not more than three persons, one from the Board of City Commissioners
and two other trustworthy citizens, to be designated as a Social Service
Committee.

Second: This committee to operate under the supervision of the
City Board of Commissioners, and their books to be audited by the City
Auditor.

Third: It shall be the duty of this Committee to consider all
necessitous cases presented, and cared for in such a way as they shall
deem worthy and to the extent thought advisable.

Fourth: This committee shall be authorized by the Board of
City Commissioners to raise by private subscription or other means,
an amount thought sufficient for the needs of each year.

There are simply suggestions as to the organization and operation 

of such a committee and can be changed, amplified or rejected as
your Board shall see fit.

Trusting this matter may be given your early and favorable
consideration, I am

Yours respectfully,

Leo C. Kline."

Whereupon, a discussion of the plan suggested by Mr. Kline took place, the Hon. Wm. J. Stewart,
Chairman of the County Commissioners, being asked to join in the discussion. The clerk was
instructed to write to the City Clerks of Reno, Elko, Winnemucca, and Sparks for information as
to how this problem of caring for needy transients is handled in other cities similarly situa-
ted. Farther action on the above communication was laid over until the next regular meeting
of the Board.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

"Las Vegas, Nev.,

Nov. 1, 1921.

Mr. German,

Dear Sir:

In regard to fortune telling, I am a card reader
and palmist. I am also a resident of this town and intend
making it my home here, and would like to know if you can
take it before the county board and have it fixed so that
I may be able to tell fortunes in this town. I am willing
to pay small license, something reasonable.

I am no fraud, and I do clean legitimate work.

I would like for you to take this up and let me
know your decision as soon as possible.

Yours truly,

Mrs. D.J. Worsham."

Whereupon, it was the opinion of the City Attorney that the ordinance cannot be changed so as to
permit of discrimination between residents and nonresidents, and the Clerk was instructed to
notify Mrs. Worsham to that effect.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the following communication from the Federal Power Board:
"Washington, D.C.,

October 17, 1921.

File E.

Projects, Cal. (#258)

Southern California Edison Co.

The Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

The Southern California Edison Company, Edison Building,

Los Angeles, California, has filed application covering power
projects on Colorado River and tributaries from a point in
Pyramid Canyon about 12 miles north of Mohave City, Arizona, to
a point on the Colorado River about five miles east of the
Arizona-Nevada state line and to a point on Virgin River about
fourteen miles above its mouth.

Any objections to or comments on this proposed project
should be addressed to this Commission not later than December
22,1921.

Very truly yours,

O.C. Merrill, Executive Secretary."

Whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Com. Hodgens, seconded by Com. Brickie, and
duly carried, that the Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to notify said Power Board

in regard to this matter	as follows:

"In the matter of the communication of the Federal
Power Board, it was resolved that the communication
be answered, acknowledging receipt and stating that
the City of Las Vegas, through its Mayor and Com-
missioners, has no objection to the application of
the Southern California Edison Company covering the
proposed power development on the Colorado River;
provided, that if the application of the Southern
California Edison Co. be accepted that the said
applicant be compelled to start work on said power
project within one year, and that when so completed
the rights of the State of Nevada be fully guaranteed,
in that the said state be allowed preferential rates
and the rates for power so charged be subject to su-
pervision by the Nevada Railroad Commission."

Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Martin and Hodgens and His Honor the Mayor, William C. Ger-
man, aye. Noes none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

"Las Vegas, Nevada, Nov. 2, 1921.

Clerk of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Deaf Sir:

I wish to call attention to the growing need of sewers
in the Hawkins-Buck and Fairview Additions, Please ask the
City Council to appoint a committee to investigate this argent
matter and report back to your honorable body.

Very truly yours,

Elbert Howard."

Whereupon, this matter was referred to Finance Commissioner Brickie and Sewer & Light Commissioner
Hodgens, with instructions to make an investigation of ways and means and to report at the next reg- 
meeting of the Board.

At this time, the Plumbing Inspector L.R. Hilkie and local plumbers, Messrs. R.E. Rock-
well, A. G. Hard, Owen Halpin and L.L. French, being present, a general discussion of existing
differences took place, whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens and duly carried, it was the order of the Board that farther action on this matter be
laid over for thirty days or until the next regular meeting of the Board. Voting Commissioners
Brickie, Anderson, Martin and Hodgens, and His Honor, the Mayor William C. German aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was moved by
Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Martin and duly carried, that the Board stand ad-
journed until the next regular meeting to be held on the 7th day of December, A.D. 1921, at the
hour of eight o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Martin and Hodgens and His
Honor the Mayor, William C. German aye. Noes none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

December 10,1921.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 7th day of December, A.D. 1921,at the hour of eight o'clock p.m. Present His Honor
the Mayor William C. German, with members Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens and H.N. Anderson, mem-
ber Lon Martin being absent.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board except-
in g the claim of Conklin Bros. for $525.91 which was laid over until the next regular meeting
because of a shortage of funds.

At this time the clerk read the following communication:

Dec. 6th, 1921.

Messrs. German, Brickie and Hodgens,

Gentlemen of the Committee.

We beg to acknowledge receipt of your esteemed favor

5inst.handed us to-day.

It is our earnest desire to be entirely fair in our proposi-
tion for street lighting for our city and most earnestly wish to do every-
thing in oar power to work in harmony with yon gentlemen in every way where
possible in the matter under consideration.

We appreciate thoroughly the efforts yon are making for the bet-
terment of our little city in your administration, and want yon to know it. But
	we feel that the proposition outlined in your favor is such that we cannot

accept it as submitted.

However, we believe that we can now submit to you a proposition
that is bound to suggest itself to yon as a fair one, and one that does not
admit of any future misunderstanding in any way.

We will furnish yon the Current as outlined in our letter of
2nd inst., for fall night service, for the sum of 7 cts. per K.W. and settle
with you by the same meter that we pay the Railroad Company, using the same
readings they charge us. This to include the service for the City Jail and
the Fire House on the same basis.

We believe and hope that the very low price submitted, when con-
sidered in the light of prices in other places under similar condition, will
make plain to you our sincere wish to pall with yon in every way possible.

Sincerely yours,

Consolidated Power and Telephone Go,

Per. Ed. W. Clark, President.

John S. Park, Secy.

After a discussion in which Ed. W. Clark appeared in behalf of the Consolidated
Power and Telephone Company, an order was made, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
and seconded by Commissioner Brickie, authorizing the Mayor, the Light Commissioners

and the City Clerk, to enter in to a new contract with the Consolidated Power and

Telephone Company for furnishing current for street lights, for one year, upon such

terms and conditions as they see fit to provide. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens

Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes ,none.

It appearing to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas to become a member

of the League of the Southwest, and to send a representative to the meeting of the

League to be held at Riverside, on the 8th, 9th and 10th of December, it was moved by

Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, that the City of Las Vegas

appropriate the sum of Twenty-five ($25.00) Dollars for a membership in said League

of the Southwest and that C.E. Pembroke be, and he is hereby appointed the official

representative of the City of Las Vegas at the meeting of the League to be held

at Riverside, California the 8th, 9th and 10th of December. Voting Commissioners

Brickie, Hodgens, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

	At this time a petition was presented to the Board for permission to use certain 

streets and alleys for the purpose of laying water mains to furnish water to

families residing in the Hawkins addition, said petition being signed by W.E. Hawkins, said W.E.


Hawkins and Leo A. McName appearing in behalf of the petition. Thereupon an order was made upon
motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens authorizing the Mayor and the
City Clerk to grant a permit to W.E. Hawkins, in behalf of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose
of furnishing water to families residing in Hawkins Addition. Voting, Commissioners, Hodgens,

Brickie, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon a petition signed by approximately one hundred residents of the City of Las
Vegas asking that the City of Las Vegas, "immediately take such steps as are required under
the Charter for the acquisition by said City of a municipally owned and operated gas plant
and works". Whereupon after general discussion it was the order of the Board that the Clerk
make inquiries of other cities similarly situated which own their own gas plants as to the
approximate cost of installation, operation, etc. This was moved by Commissioner Brickie, and sec-
onded by Commissioner Hodgens. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Anderson and His Honor the
Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Brickie reported regarding the investigations of the Commit-
tee appointed to look into the matter of extending the sewer into the Buck and Fairview Additions
and reported unfavorably thereon, it being considered too large an expense to be undertaken at 
this time.

It was moved by Commissioner Brickie and seconded by Commissioner Hodgens that the
Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to notify the City treasurer to Transfer the sum of $475.00
from the Police and Fire Fund to the General Fund, on account of money heretofore borrowed. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commis-
sioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to notify the
City Treasurer to transfer the sum of $400.00 from the General Fund to the Street Fund. Voting 
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of street signs for the city streets was referred to the Street Commis-
sioner for investigation as to cost, etc.

At this time the Clerk read the following communications:

Nov. 28, 1921.

The Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Mr Guy P. Mohler, P.O. Box 516, Needles, California, has filed appli-
cation covering power projects on Colorado River approximately from Callville 

Wash to the lower end of Pyramid Canyon.

Any objections to or comments on this proposed project should be
addressed to this Commission not later than January 21,1922.

Very truly yours,

O.C. Merrill

whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion duly made and carried that the Clerk
write to the Board in effect that the Board holds the same opinion as stated in its commun-
ication to said Federal Power Board re the applications of the City of Los Angeles and the

Southern California Edison Company.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communications;

Nov. 12th, 1921.

Florence S. Doherty, Clerk,

City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Dear Madam:

Replying to yours of the 8th inst., relative to the
plans of needy transients ,will state that we have no provisions as yet;
bat most of such cases are taken care of by the different charitable in-
institutions. 

Yours very truly

J.B. Reese

City Clerk.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication :
November 15,1921.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

My dear Miss Doherty:

In reply to your letter of November 8th
	regarding the disposition of needy transients cases, will say

that the matter has always been handled by the County and not
the City. A case came up a short time ago where there were
several children and a mother who had nothing at all, and the
County Commissioners provided food and a room for them, and later
bought a ticket to some place in the East where the woman had a 
mother living. In several cases the indigents have been given
tickets for transportation to different points, but always by
the County. I am of the opinion however, that if the matter became
pressing the County and City would, no doubt ,co-operate.

Very truly yours,

Mae McNamara.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

Winnemucca, Nevada. Nov. 15, 1921.

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk.

City of Las Vegas,

Dear Madam:"

Replying to your letter of the 8th inst.relative
	to provisions made by our city government for the care of needy

transients, will state that, because of the press of hard times,
the city has made the following arrangement.

The transient is provided with a bed at the jail and

also with his breakfast the following morning ,the expense being
paid by the city.

There is no ordinance regarding the matter. the city
simply having made the above arrangement to meet the situation.

Very truly yours,

Fannie Carp

City Clerk.

whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded 

by Commissioner Hodgens that the Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to write the
Rev. Leo C. Kline a letter, thanking him for his suggestion of a manner for handling the
needy traveling through the city, and to inform him that, altho the City is unable at
this time to work eat the plans suggested by him, arrangements are being considered by
the Police and Street Departments whereby needy persons desirous of employment but
unable to find the same may be famished with the means for working on the city
streets, and to be furnished with their Board for said work. Voting Commissioners
Brickie, Hodgens, and Anderson ,and His Honor the Mayor, Aye Noes, none.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time
it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, and seconded by Commissioner Anderson that the
Board adjourn until Wednesday, January 4th, at the hoar of eight o'clock p.m. Voting
Commissioners Brickie, Hodgens, and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Janaary 4, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of January A.D., 1922 at the hoar of eight o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor
William C. German, Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thomas R. Hodgens, Harry N. Anderson and Lon Martin,
together with the City Clerk and the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens.

Minutes of the Last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of Officers read and approved as read, and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk of this Board,
excepting the claim of Stanley Parsky for the sam of $150.00 for damages alleged to have been incurred 

through the fault of the City of Las Vegas, which was referred to the Sewer and Light
Commissioner, Thomas R. Hodgens for investigation, by a resolution which was the motion of Commissioner
Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, and duly carried. Voting, Commissioners Brickie, Anderson,
Hodgens, and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the question of action upon the petition presented to this Board for the
construction and operation of a municipal gas plant came on for discussion, and it was moved by
Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie and duly carried that the Clerk of this
Board be, and she is hereby instructed to write to the Chamber of Commerce, and to request that
body to take up the matter of finding some means of getting an expression of public opinion from
the property owners of Las Vegas, as to the advisability or inadvisability of going to the expense
of having an engineer come to Las Vegas to make the preliminary survey. Voting, Commissioners
Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens, and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

Riverside, Calif.

December 23, 1921.

City of Las Vegas,

Nevada/

Gentlemen:

In view of the confused impressions received by the Southwest
concerning the plans of the various Federal departments having connection
with the projects on the Colorado River it has been suggested that the
interests of clarification will be served by a conference of a committee
from the League of the Southwest with Secretary of Commerce Hoover, newly
appointed member of the Colorado River Commission. The details of such con-
ference are now being arranged. It is suggested this committee should re-
present wholly the non-political elements of each state and should consist
of one member from each state.

It will be determined during the next week whether this conference
will take place in Washington or at some point in the West. It is probable
it will be held about the middle of January. You will be advised farther
as to date, place and other details.

It is suggested your organization appoint its representative
on this committee on behalf of your state as soon as possible and advise as
promptly.

Sincerely,

Arnold Kruckman

Secretary-Treasurer
League of the Southwest.

After listening to this communication a resolution was passed upon motion of Commissioner
Martin seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, appointing Charles P. Squires as the official
representative of the City of Las Vegas, at the meeting held by the League of the Southwest with
Secretary of Commerce Hoover. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens, Martin, and His Honor the
Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license

in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Martin. There-
upon, on motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Martin, it was the order of the
Board that the Clerk issue a gaming license to said applicant. Voting, Commissioners Brickie,
Anderson, Hodgens, and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk presented the application of James Germain for a gaming
license in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner
Martin. Upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, it was the order of the



Board that the clerk issue a gaming license to said applicant. Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson,
Hodgens, Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk presented the Application of J.H. Morgan and R.H. Bay for a gaming
license in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner
Martin. Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the clerk issue a gaming license to said applicant.

Voting Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens, Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk presented the application of Albert James for a gaming license in
the City of Las Vegas, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Martin. There-
upon, it was the order of the Board that the Clerk issue a license to said applicant. Moved by Com-
missioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried. Voting Commissioners Brickie
Anderson, Hodgens ,Martin and His Honor the Mayor, William C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of E.S. Sheppard for a gaming license in
the City of Las Vegas. the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Martin. Thereupon
it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Brickie, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens
and daly carried that the clerk issue a gaming license to said applicant. Voting, Commissioners
Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens, and Martin, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

	At this time there was presented to the Board a deed of Conveyance from the Las Vegas

and and Water Company, granting to the City of Las Vegas, and the County of Clark, jointly, upon
the payment of One Dollar, certain lands hereinafter described, for special purposes and upon
certain conditions, hereinafter set forth.

Upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Brickie, the following
Preambles and Resolution were daly adopted:

WHEREAS Las Vegas Land & Water Company has tendered to the City of Las Vegas and to
the County of Clark a joint deed of 31.510 acres of land, for use as an agricultural
fair grounds, park, aviation field and automobile parking ground for the accommoda-
tion of the traveling public and purposes incident thereto, for the consideration
of One Dollar, such deed bearing date the 22nd day of December, 1921, being made by
said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, as grantor, and the said County of Clark and
the said City of Las Vegas, as grantees therein; the land offered to be so conveyed
being more particularly described as: Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28 degrees 13' E.
from the N.E. corner of Block 33 at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Street
as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence N. 61 degrees 47' W.

1060 ft; thence N. 28 degrees 13' E. 960 ft; thence N. 54 degress 47' E. 447.2 ft;
thence S. 61 degrees 47' E. 860 ft; thence S. 29 degrees 13' W. 1360 ft. to the
place of beginning excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict with
Back's Addition and comprising a net area of 31.510 acres exclusive of said con-
flict; said land being situate in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada,
and

WHEREAS IT is greatly to the interests of the City of Las Vegas to accept the same
for the purposes aforesaid and subject to the terms and conditions of said deed,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IS RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners, of said City of
Las Vegas, on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, do hereby accept said deed of con-
veyance of said land under said terms and conditions and the whole thereof as set
forth in said deed, and it is hereby ordered and directed that the sum of One
Dollar ( $1.00) be paid to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, grantor, as provided
in said deed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board does hereby tender to said Las Vegas Land &

Water Company and it s officials the sincere thanks for the generous donation made
to this city for civic purposes, and the Clerk of this Board is hereby directed
to deliver to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a certified copy of this reso-
lution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Martin, Hodgens,

Brickie, Anderson and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes None.
Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that it is advisable to appoint some person to represen t
this Board in co-operating with the Board of County Commissioners in the management of the above
described park until an ordinance affecting the same can be drawn and passed, It was the order
of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and duly
carried that E.W. Griffith be, and he is hereby, appointed so to represent this Board in this
matter until the further order of the Board. Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie, Anderson
Hodgens, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada, May, 4th, 1921.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners
and Its Mayor of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The undersigned respectfully requested your Hon. Board to place
three street lights on eight street commencing at Fremont Street and
extending south on Eight street to a point half way between Carson Street
to Bridger Street, by so doing you will accommodate eight families who
live upon said street.

Thanking you in advance for your consideration.

Very truly yours,

W. H. Dentner.

Whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Com. Hodgens, seconded by Com. Martin and
duly carried that the Sewer & Light Commissioner be, and he is hereby, authorized to place lights
on North 7th Street and South 8th Street and any other places in vicinity where needed as the
finances will allow. Voting Commissioners, Martin, Brickie, Anderson and Hodgens and His Honor
the Mayor, W. C. German aye. Noes none.

At this time I.C. Johnson and Alfred T. Stone appeared before the Board with a request that a
sidewalk be put in along the north side of Fremont Street from 5th to 11th streets according
to the petition submitted by property owners several months ago. Whereupon, it was the order of the Board
upon motion of Com. Brickie, seconded by Com. Hodgens and duly carried, that the street commissioner
inquire as to the expense of this improvement and also as to the expense of establishing a grade.
Voting Commissioners Martin, Brickie, Anderson and Hodgens and his Honor the Mayor W.C. German aye.
Nones none.

Thereupon the following resolution was presented by Commissioner Hodgens:

Number 1.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, by virtue of the resignation of Charles Ireland as Commissioner
of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on
the 17th day of August, 1921, a vacancy exists in said office, and
WHEREAS, the name of H.N. Anderson, has been presented as a candidate to
fill such office for the unexpired term;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that said H.N. Anderson be, and he is hereby
elected as Commissioner or the Fourth Class of said City of Las Vegas, to
take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in
the sum of $1,000.00, and upon his taking the Oath of Office as required
by law.

Seconded by Commissioner Brickie, thereupon the vote was taken Commissioners Brickie, Anderson,

Hodgens, and his Honor the Mayor W.C. German, aye. Commissioner Martin no.

Thereupon the following resolution was presented by	Number 2.

Commissioner Hodgens and Seconded by Com. Anderson:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Charles Ireland, former Mayor Pro tem, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, has removed his domicile from the territory limits
of said City, by virtue of which a vacancy exists in said office of Mayor Pro
tem, and

WHEREAS the name of Frank Brickie, one of the Commissioners of said City has
been presented as a candidate to fill such office for the unexpired term;

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that such vacancy be, and the same is hereby declared
to exist, and said Frank Brickie be, and he is hereby elected as Mayor Pro
Tem, of said city of Las Vegas for said unexpired term.

Thereupon the vote was taken Commissioners Brickie, Anderson, Hodgens aye. Commissioner 

Martin No. Mayor W.C. German, not voting.
The following resolution was presented by Commissioner Hodgens and seconded by Com. Brickie:

Number 3.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, W.C. German, is unlawfully exercising the duties and functions of the
office of Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and
WHEREAS, Frank Brickie has been duly elected as Mayor Pro Tem to exercise the
duties and functions of the offices aforesaid;

THEREFORE, BE IS RESOLVED, that demand be, and the same is hereby made upon
said W.C. German, that he refrain and desist from hereafter exercising, or
attempting to exercise, the duties and functions of said offices, or either
of them, and interfering in any manner with the exercise thereof by
Frank Brickie, Mayor pro tem aforesaid.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be served upon said
W.C. German personally.

Dated this 4th day of January, 1922.

(signed) Frank Brickie

Thomas R. Hodgens
H.N. Anderson,

City Commissioners of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon, Mayor German declared this resolution out of order and same was not pat to vote.

At this time the following resolution was duly passed upon motion of Com. Brickie
seconded by Com. Hodgens:

RESOLVED

That until the further order of this Board all licenses and fees paid to the City
of Las Vegas shall be distributed as follows: 62 1/2% thereof to the Police & Fire Fund and
the remaining 37 1/2% thereof to the General Fund, and it is further ordered that the Clerk be,
and she is hereby instructed to notify the City Treasurer of this order. Voting Com. Hodgens,
Brickie, H.N. Anderson, and Martin and his Honor the Mayor aye. Noes None.

At this time Com. Hodgens presented Resolution No. 3, as above written and which was
seconded by Com. Anderson.	Thereupon Mayor W.C. German declared this resolution out of

order and the same was not put to vote.

At this time it was upon motion of Com. Brickie and seconded by Com. Hodgens that the
City printing be turned over to the Las Vegas Age. Voting Com. Hodgens, Brickie, Anderson aye,

Com. Martin, No, and Mayor German not voting.

Thereupon, Com. Hodgens again presented The above referred resolution No. 3, seconded

by Com. Brickie Thereupon Mayor German declared this resolution oat of order and

the same was not put to a vote.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time a new ordinance to be known as
Ordinance No. 87, amending Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 83 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An
Ordinance to amend Ordinance No 36 of the City of Las Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance Provid-
ing for the Issuance of Plumbing and Sewer Permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and Sewer
Connections and for the regulation and Construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas'
by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section la, and by amending Section eight and Subdivision 

eighth of Section eleven thereof". Said ordinance was passed to the second reading.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was Moved
by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by commissioner -Brickie and duly carried that this Board stand
adjourned until Wednesday, February 1, 1922, at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. Voting Commission-
ers Hodgens, Brickie, Anderson, Martin and His Honor the Mayor Wm. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

January 6,1922.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, said meeting being called by Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thos. R. Hodgens, and H.N. Anderson.
Present Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thos. R. Hodgens, and H.N. Anderson, together with the City
Clerk and City Attorney. In the absence of the Mayor, the meeting was presided over by Mayor
Pro Tem Frank Brickie.

Thereupon the Clerk stated to the Board the object of said special called meeting, inform-
ing the Board that said meeting was called by Commissioners Frank Brickie, Thos. R. Hodgens, and
H.N. Anderson for the purpose of considering and acting upon the following resolution:

To demand that W.C. German refrain and desist from exercising ,or attempting
to exercise the duties and functions of the offices of Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem of
said City of Las Vegas, and to approve the bond of H.N. Anderson as Commissioner of the
Fourth Class.

Thereupon the Clerk presented to the Board the written notice of Commissioners Frank
Brickie Thos. R. Hodgens, and H.N. Anderson calling said special meeting, which was filed and
recorded as follows:

Notice of Special Meeting of City Commissioner, of the City
of Las Vegas ,County of Clark, State of Nevada.

To Said City Commissioners, and to all whom it may concern:

You, and each of you are hereby notified that a Special Meeting of the
Board of said City Commissioners is hereby called to be held in the Commissioners Chamber
at the Court House in said City of Las Vegas, on the 6th day of January, 1922, at the hour
of 4:30 o'clock P.M.

The purpose of said Meeting is to consider and take such action as may be deemed
advisable upon the following resolution :

To demand that W.C. German refrain and desist from exercising, or attempt-
ing to exercise ,the duties and functions of Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem of said City
of Las Vegas, and to approved the bond of H.N. Anderson as Commissioner of the Fourth
Class.

Signed	Frank Brickie

Thos. R. Hodgens
H.N. Anderson

Dated this 6th day of January, 1922.

Thereupon the Bond of H.N. Anderson as Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of
Las Vegas was presented to the Board, with W.E. Arnold and Henry M. Lillis as sureties thereon.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Brickie and duly carried that said bond of H.N, Anderson, having been approved by the Chairman
of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, be and the same is hereby approved by
this Board. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, and Mayor Pro Tem Brickie, Aye. Noes,
none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was presented to the Board upon motion of Com-
missioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and the same was duly carried:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, W.C. GERMAN is Unlawfully exercising the duties and functions
of the offices of Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and

WHEREAS FRANK BRICKIE has been duly elected as Mayor Pro Tem to
exercise the duties and functions of the offices aforesaid;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that demand be, and the same is hereby made
upon said W.C. German that he refrain and desist from hereafter exercising
,or attempting to exercise, the duties and functions of said offices ,or
either of them ,and interfering in any manner with the exercise thereof by
Frank Brickie, Mayor Pro Tem, aforesaid.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be served upon
said W.C. German personally.

Dated this 6th day of January, 1922.



Signed Frank Brickie
Thos.R.Hodgens
H.N. Anderson

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.
The vote on the above resolution was as follows, Commissioners Anderson and Hodgens, and
Mayor Pro Tem Brickie, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no farther business to come before the meeting it was the order of the Board
upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried that the
Board stand adjourned. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Brickie, Aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY. NEVADA.

February 1,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the first day of February, A.D 1922, at the hour of eight o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor
Pro Tem Frank Brickie with Members Thomas R. Hodgens, H.N. Anderson, and Lou Martin, together with the
City Clerk and City Attorney.

Minutes of the Last regular meeting held on the 4th day of January, 1922, and of the
special meeting held on the 6th day of January, 1922 read and approved as read.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly
carried it was the order of the Board that the following resolution be spread upon the minutes
of this Board:

WHEREAS the claim of Stanley Parsky of date Jan. 3rd, 1922 heretofore filed on
Jan. 3rd, 1922,has been referred to Com. Thos. R. Hodgens for investigation, and Com.

Hodgens reports that there is no liability on the part of the City for said
alleged injuries, but in order to compromise said claim without acknowledging
any liability of the city thereon it is hereby ordered that the sum of $150.00
be allowed and paid to the said Stanley Parsky provided be executes and deli-
vers to the City full release of any and all liabilities past ,present or future
growing out of said alleged injuries.

the vote on said resolution being as follows : Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Martin and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

January 30,1922.

Honorable Mayor and Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Replying to your letter of recent date, asking the Chamber of
of Commerce to canvas the gas situation the Board of Directors of the
Chamber of Commerce have requested me to state that thy have taken the
matter under advisement and instructed the writer, who has had sons
engineering experience to gather such elementary data as any be readily
severed with the idea of calling a meeting of the Chamber of Commerce
at which this data will be presented, with the expectation that the
members will then be able to more intelligently vote upon the question
as to whether or not an expert should be engaged to make a complete
report.

Trusting that this action will meet with your approval, and
that if your honorable body has any data that will be of assistance to me that
the same will be promptly furnished, I beg to remain

Very truly yours,

LAS VEGAS NEVADA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
By Leslie R. Saunders

Executive Secretary.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board ,upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Com-
missioner Hodgens that this letter be accepted and placed on file and the Clerk of this Board
acknowledge the same. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson and Martin and His Honor the Mayor

Pro Tem Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

Los Angeles, Calif.

Jan. 30, 1922.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada.

 Dear Madam:

	We are pleased to quote you 230 Street Signs as per your

letter of Jan. 13th these signs to be 4" by 20" with dark blue back-
ground and white letters, 80 cts. each, f.o.b. Los Angeles.

These prices include four holes each side. If we are favored
with your order which we trust we will be, we would ask you to advise
as how you will want the four holes placed on these signs.

We are giving yon diagram below showing the different ways
that these holes are placed in the Street Signs.

Again thanking you for your inquiry, and looking forward
bo the pleasure of receiving your order, we remain,

Yours truly

Los Angeles Rubber Stamp Co,

H. Chandler

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Martin and duly carried that Commissioner Anderson be and he is hereby authorized to make investi-
gation and report the total cost of posts for said street signs, report to be made at the next reg-
ular meeting of the Board. Voting Commissioners Martin, Hodgens, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor
Pro Tem Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

January 9,1922.

Harry N. Anderson,

City Commissioner in charge of Streets,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

Regarding the setting of grade stakes for a sidewalk along Fremont
from Fifth St. to Eleventh St. and the cost of surveys for such grade stakes
I would respectfully call your attention to a few of the principles of engineering 
practice which must be conformed with if the grade line is to be properly
established.

The grade line of any street must be laid out so as to drain off all
Storm Water from the higher streets to the lower street sand so on to the outlet for
wasting the water ot connection with the sewer. This condition mast be met if we
hope to fix oar streets some day and keep away from the street mud paddles.

Thus it is necessary to run grade lines out for some distance side
streets crossing Fremont street. This data should be kept in a permanent record
and turned over to the Commissioners for their use in connection with grade
lines to be established in the future

Your attention is called to these matters so that you will understand that
to properly establish the desired grade line considerable extra work is necess-
ary as this is the beginning of the development of a new portion of the city,
and should be started in the proper manner to avoid future trouble and expense.

To execute the necessary surveys, establish the grade line of the sidewalk
along Fremont Street from Fifth Street to Eleventh Street giving the necessary
attention to the grade lines of the cross streets, establish the necessary bench
marks for future reference for elevation, set missing street centers to protect
the established lines and keep all data in a workman like manner to turn over to you
at the end of the work, I will make a fixed price of $150.00 or will do the work on 
the day basis at a charge of $20.00 per day for a field party consisting of not
less than two men and a charge of $15.00 per day for each day on office work.

Very respectfully,

Fred W. Rodolf.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Martin, seconded by Commi-
ssioner Hodgens and duly carried that Fred W. Rodolf be retained to ran the grade lines as
per his communication above noted for a sum of $150.00, said sum to be paid oat of the City
General Fund. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, and Martin and His Honor the Mayor
Pro Tem Frank Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented to the Board the application of G. Lopez for a
gaming license in the city of Las Vegas, the same having been duly approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Lou Martin, whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Com-
missioner Martin seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, that a gaming license
be issued to said G. Lopez by the City Clerk. Voting Commissioners Martin, Hodgens, Anderson and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly
carried, it was the order of the Board that the following proclamation by the Mayor Pro Tem be publish-
ed in the Age and the Review for the current weeK.

PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, the U.S. Government, thru its agency ,the U.S. Veterans' Bureau, under
District Manager, Louis T, Grant. has inaugurated a Clean-Up Campaign in which
government officials are touring the District, (California, Arizona, Nevada,) in an
effort to locate disabled men and women who contracted disabilities in their
country's service and who are not receiving the assistance to which they are
justly entitled, and, furthermore, to expedite the settlement of the claims of these
disabled veterans, and

Whereas, the U.S. Veterans' Bureau Clean-Up Squad will visit Las Vegas, Nev.
on Tues. Feb. 14, 1922 and will receive the claims of disabled veterans at

American Legion Club Rooms

I, Frank Brickie, Mayor Pro Tem of Las Vegas, now therefore proclaim Tues.

Feb. 14 as DISABLED VETERANS' DAY and call upon all loyal and grateful citizens
all civic and patriotic organizations, the press and the ministers of all churches to
co-operate to the fullest extent with the U.S. Veterans' Bureau in disseminating this
information as far and wide as possible and in seeking out and bringing before the
government officials on the date scheduled, all disabled men and woman in this district
who are not enjoying the privileges which have been provided for their benefit by the
people of a grateful nation.

(Signed ) Frank Brickie

Voting Commissioner Martin, Anderson, Hodgens, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Brickie Aye. Noes
none..

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 87 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance to amend Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 83 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance
to amend Ordinance No. 36 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance providing for the Issuance
of Plumbing and Sewer Connection permits, for the Inspection of Plumbing and Sewer Connections and
for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas' by adding thereto a 
new section to be known as Section la, and by amending Section eight and Subdivision eighth of Section
eleven thereof," the same having been passed at the first reading on January 4th, 1922. The vote on
said ordinance stood as follows: Commissioner Hodgens, Martin, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Sewer and Light Commissioner Thomas R. Hodgens reported the placing of
three new street lights on North Seventh Street and Three new street lights on South Eighth Street.

Under the head of new business Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie made the following changes
in the positions of the various Commissioners.

Commissioner Thomas R. Hodgens was appointed Police and Fire Commissioner.

Commissioner Lou Martin was appointed Street Commissioner.

Commissioner H.N. Anderson was appointed Sewer and Light Commissioner.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, it was the
order of the Board that the office of City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas be, and the
same is hereby declared vacant, and it is the farther order of the Board that the retiring City Marshall
and Fire Chief be requested to tarn over to the Police and Fire Commissioner all property belonging
to the City of Las Vegas. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Brickie,
Aye. Noes, none. Not voting Commissioner Martin.

On motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that A.T. McCarter be, and he is hereby appointed to the office of City
Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and
approval by the Mayor Pro Tem of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00)
and upon his taking the required oath of office. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie, Aye. Noes, None, Commissioner Martin not voting.

At this time the resignation of Mayor Pro Tem Frank Brickie was presented, as follows;

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Feb. 1, 1922.

Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las V gas,

	Clark County, Nevada.

	Gentlemen:
Please accept my resignation as Commissioner of the First Class
and Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas, to take effect this date.

Assuring the Board of my best wishes and hearty co-operation
as a private citizen, I remain

Very truly yours,

Frank Brickie.

whereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson and duly carried
that said resignation of Frank Brickie as Commissioner of the First Class and Mayor Pro Tem of the
City of Las Vegas be, and the same is hereby accepted. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson Aye.

Noes, none. Commissioner Martin, not voting.

Thereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens ,seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and
duly carried that Commissioner Anderson be and he is hereby appointed temporary chairman in place of
Mayor Pro Tem Brickie, resigned. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, Aye. Noes, None. Commissioner
Martin, not voting.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
second d by Commissioners Anderson, and duly carried that W.H. Dentner be, and he is hereby appointed
to the position of Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas in place of Commissioner
Brickie resigned, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient
bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00), said bond to be approved by the Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners, and upon said newly appointed Commissioner taking the required oath of

	

office. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, Aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Martin, not voting.

At this time W.H. Dentner presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars

($1000.00) with C. M. McGovern and W.E. Arnold sureties thereon, the same having been duly approved by

W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, whereupon, it was

the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioners Anderson, and duly carried that said

bond of W.H. Dentner, be and the same is hereby accepted. Voting Hodgens, Anderson Aye. Noes, none. Martin
not voting.

	Thereupon said W.H. Dentner took the oath of office as required by law and assumed his

seat as Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried that Commissioner Dentner be and he is hereby appointed Mayor Pro

Tem of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting Commissioners Hodgens and Anderson and Dentner Aye. Noes

none. Commissioner Martin not voting.

Thereupon Commissioner Dentner assumed his seat as MAyor Pro Tem of the City of Las 

Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was the order
of the Board ,on motion of Commissioners Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried,
that this meeting be adjourned until Saturday, February 4th, 1922.at the hour of eight o'clock p.m.

Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Martin and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEV.

February 4th, 1932.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 4th day of February, A.D. 1922. Present Mayor Pro Tem W.H.Dentner, with Commissioners
Thomas R. Hodgens, Lou Martin, and H.N. Anderson, to-gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the following communication was presented to the Board:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

February 4th, 1922.

Honorable Mayor Pro Tem and
City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Mr. W.C. German was appointed Mayor of this city by the
unanimous vote of this Board. In this action you appointed a man
of clean moral character, sound business judgment, and who real-
ized the fact that he was the responsible head of the city. With
this thought in mind he rearranged the members of the Board, and as a
result the then Chief of Police was removed at once. The very men
who had unanimously appointed Mr. German began making plans to rid
the city of a man who had the courage of his convictions. No
charge was ever made that he was incompetent or dishonest .I cer-
tainly approve of Mr. German's actions while on the Board, and also
the action of the Board in removing Mr .McCarter. In fact I refused
to take charge of the Police and Fire department with Mr. McCarter
at the head of the two departments. I believed then and do yet
that I was justified in the action taken.

Therefore I refuse to be a party to any such actions
that prevailed at the last meeting February first, and I herewith
tender my resignation as a member of this board, same to take
effect at once.

Yours truly,

Lou Martin.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried that the resignation of Commissioner
Martin be accepted. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Martin, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The question of the appointment of a Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of
Las Vegas, to fill the unexpired term of Lou Martin, resigned, coming on before the Board, nominations
were declared in order. Thereupon W.E. Arnold was nominated as commissioner of the second class
of the City of Las Vegas by Commissioner Hodgens.

Thereupon it was moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and
duly carried that the nominations be closed .Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the name of W.E. Arnold was presented for election to the office of Commissioner
of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas. Voting thereon Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

	Thereupon W.E. Arnold was declared appointed to the office of Commissioner of the Second

Class, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval by the Chairman of the Board
of Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand
($1000.00) Dollars, and upon the taking of the required oath of office.

Thereupon it was moved by Commissioners Hodgens, seconded by Commissioners Anderson and
duly carried that the Board stand adjourned until Tuesday the 7th day, of February, A.D. 1922,at the
hoar of eight o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. February 7th, 1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held pursuant to adjournment, Tuesday, February 7th, A.D. 1922, at the hour of eight o'clock
p.m. Present Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Commissioners Hodgens, and Anderson, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk. Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioners Anderson, and duly carried that the bond of W.E. Arnold, as commissioner of
the second class, heretofore approved by the Chairman of the County Commissioners be, and the same is
 hereby accepted. Voting Com. Hodgens, Anderson, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon W.E. Arnold took the required oath of office, and assumed his seat as Commission-
er of the Second Class.

At this time Mayor Pro Tem Dentner appointed Commissioner Arnold as Commissioner of
Streets and Public Property.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication from the Chamber of Commerce;

Las Vegas, Nevada.

February 7th, 1922.

To the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

In response to your letter of recent date inquiring
as to the advisability of proceeding to make a survey as to
the feasibility of a municipally owned gas plant, will say that
from a resolution adopted at the regular meeting of the Board
of Directors held on Monday, the 6th instant, it is the sense of
the Chamber of Commerce that a municipally owned gas plant is not
feasible at this time, and that it would serve no useful purpose
to expend money in making a survey for the possibility of such
plant.

Very truly yours,

Las V gas Nevada Chamber of Commerce.

By Henry M. Lillis.

whereupon it was the order of the Board that the above letter be placed on file for future reference.

At this time there appeared before the Board E.W. Griffith with a request for funds
to aid in the development of the Agricultural Park deeded to the City of Las Vegas, and the County
of Clark jointly, After discussion the Board informed Mr. Griffith that while it was impossible
to vote any definite sum for the work at this time, it appeared to the Board that it would probably
be able to devote at least One Thousand Dollars to the work, and would give more if the financial
condition of the City should warrant.

It was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner that the Clerk be, and she is hereby ,authorized to write a letter to the Governor
of Nevada, requesting him to appoint some day in February to be observed by the city as Arbor Day.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried that Commissioner Arnold be and he is hereby appointed to
meet with the County Commissioners, and with the City Attorney, and District attorney to aid in
formulating some plan and in drawing up an ordinance providing for the maintenance of the Agricultur-
al Park. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Com-
missioner Hodgens, and duly carried that Commissioner Arnold be, and he is hereby appointed to look
after the interests of the City of Las Vegas in regard to the purchase of a street roller now
owned by the County of Clark, and to report concerning the same at the next regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners. Voting Commissioner Hodgens, Anderson, and Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor

Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.
Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded
by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the Board stand adjourned until the next regular
meeting of the Board, to be held on the 1st day of March, A D 1922, at the hour of eight o'clock p.m.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Anderson, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.
FRONT FLY LEAF

Neuner's Perfect Record Book

Manufactured by

The NEUNER SPECtALTY BOOK CO

ONCORPORATED)

113-115 South Broadway, Los Angeles, Cal


