






IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 1,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the 1st
day of March, A.D. 1922, at the hour of eight o'clock p.m. Present his Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H.Dentner
with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and Harry Anderson, together with the City Attorney and
City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hodgens, seconded by mayor Pro Tem Dentner and duly carried it
was the order of the Board that the following resolution be adopted and spread upon the minutes of this
Board:

Resolved that the sum of $805.00 be transferred from the General Fund to the Street
Fund of the City of Las Vegas, and that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to notify the City Treasurer to make said transfer.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson and His

Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hogdens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, and duly carried it

was the order of the Board, that the following resolution be adopted and spread upon the Minutes of the

Board:

Resolved that the sum of $140.00 be transferred from the General Fund to the Police and
Fire Fund of the City of Las Vegas, and that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby
directed to notify the City Treasurer to make said transfer.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and His 
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro

Tem Dentner that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to include members regularly enrolled in
the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Department in the list of premiums paid to the Nevada Industrial Commis-
sion as expressly provided by the Statutes of 1921. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and duly carried that the regular meetings of the Board of Commissioners shall hereafter be held
upon the first and third Wednesdays of each month, until the further order of the Board, said meetings
to be held at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes, none. 

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that the City printing be hereafter given to the Clark County Review,
until the further order of the Board. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Anderson, and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold, and duly carried that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to draw up ordinances
providing for taking the license off of milk peddling, and raising the license on gambling. Voting Com-
missioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

 	Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried,

it was the order of the Board that the City Attorney, be amd he is hereby directed to draw up an ordinance 

providing for the cleaning up of all vacant lots. Voting Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and duly carried that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to draw up ordinances
providing for the parking of autos and trucks, speed limits in school districts, and to provide penalties

for the violation thereof.
This being the time set By law for the adoption of a Budget for the year 1922, the matter was
brought up for discussion. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner it
was the order of the Board that this meeting stand adjourned until Friday, March 3rd, 1922, at two
o'clock p.m., when final action shall be taken in this matter, and at which time other important
matters will come up for consideration. Voting Commissioner Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY. NEVADA.

March 3,1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on Friday the 3rd day of March, A.D. 1922, at the hour of two o'clock p.m. Present His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and

H.N. Anderson, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board.

This being the time set by law for the preparation of a Budget, thereupon the Board
proceeded to take up the budget and tax levy for the year 1922,in accordance with the provisions 

of the State of Nevada, and the matter being discussed at length it was ordered upon
motion being duly made by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the following
resolution be adopted:

	NEVADA TAX COMMISSION

	PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1922

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year Ending
December 31,1921, as provided by Section 3, Chapter 149, Statutes of Nevada, 1917.

Receipts	Actual

1921

Licenses	$9,349.45

Fines	1,250.00

Fees ------------------- -------

Permits----------------- -------

Poll Taxes---------------6,806.00

Surplus Funds----------- -------

Taxes Collected 1921---10,608.69

Taxes Required--------- --------

$28,014.14

Estimated

1922

$9,500.00

1,500.00

6,900.00

17,482.50

$35,382.50

Expenditures

Administration
General
Salary

Police

Fire Protection
Streets and Alleys

Sewers
Interest
Redemption

Light

Cemetery

Actual

1921

$5,720.67

6,267.50

10,685.83

6,400.00



3,751.60

1,376.35

$34,201.95

Estimated

1922

$10,146.75


6,875.00

10,202.25

4,273.50



2,913.75
971.25

$35,382.50

Taxes Collected 1921	$11,628.44

Taxes Required 1922	17,482.50

ASSESSED VALUATION

Actual, 1921	Estimated, 1922.

Realty	$468,704.00	$490,000.00

Improvements	1,100,420.00	1,138,000.00

Personal	284.690.00	314,000.00

Totals	$1,853,814.00	$1,942,500.00

Tax Rate on $100	.90

Cash on Hand, January 1,1922		$8,514.16

Balance due from Second half Taxes, 1922	5,229.95
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor
Pro Tem and attested to by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the city clerk and a
copy thereof be published for two publications, one week apart in the Clark County Review, a
weekly newspaper published in said city of Las Vegas. The vote on said resolution being as
follows, Commissioners Hodgens, and Arnold, Aye; Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy on taxes for the City of Las
Vegas, for the year 1922. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold
,and duly carried the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad volorem tax of eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable 

property, situate ,lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ,be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt 

from taxation, said tax be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewerage Interest Fund .
  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fourteen cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid, for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas
Sewerage Bond Sinking Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of five cents on each one hundred dol-
lars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas
Cemetery fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of twenty cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate ,lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied and collected and paid for the year 1922 ,including the net proceeds of mines,
except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the
city General fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, an ad valorem tax of seventeen cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, such tax to be known as and used as the Las
Vegas Street Fund.

  BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fifteen cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1922, including the net proceeds of
mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as
the Las Vegas Light Fund.

The vote upon this resolution being as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	RESOLVED, that the city clerk be hereby authorized and directed to notify the Board

of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established add levied by the
Board for the year 1922, and to direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and cause
to be collected and paid. The vote upon said resolution was as follows, to-wit: Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	At this time the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance, to be numbered 

Ordinance No. 88 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section Six (6)

Of Ordinance No 77 of the City of Las Vegas entitled' An ORdinance to Prohibit Gaming in the

City of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor regulating the same, fixing the
amount of such license, and providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all ordinances in
conflict therewith, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with

such amendment. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold and
duly carried it was the order of the Board that said Ordinance No. 88 of the City of Las Vegas
be and the same is hereby passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No.

 89 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to Repeal Subdivision (43) of Section
seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled' An Ordinance of the City of Las
Vegas, licensing for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business
hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the
collection of said license tax, and a "Punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business 

without a license, and Repealing Ordinances Nos 31, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35' approved December
3, 1913 as such Subdivision 43 is created and enacted by Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las
Vegas, approved June 15th, 1921". Upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and duly carried, it was the order of the Board that said Ordinance be and the same
is hereby passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The clerk was directed, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold to write to the American La France Fire Engine Company and inquire the price of a
Ford car equipped with a chemical tank and rotary pump. Clerk was also directed to write
to the Eureka Hose Company and inquire the price of 1000 feet of 2" hose. Voting Commis-
sioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board. upon motion duly made by Commissioner
Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the claim of Conklin Bros.
for the sum of $	be and the same is hereby laid over for investigation. Voting

Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioners Hodgens, seconded by Commissioners Arnold, and duly
carried that the Board stand adjourned until Monday, March 13, 1922, at the hour of two
o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye
Noes, none.	
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

March 13,1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 13th day of March, 1922, at the hour of two o'clock p.m. Present Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, with members Thos. R. Hodgens, and W.E. Arnold, Commissioner H.N. Anderson being absent.

 At this time the Clerk read for the first time Ordinance #90 of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, entitled" An Ordinance to Amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic Upon the Public Streets of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada," as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance to Amend Section six (6) and to Repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:' "also to amend Sections twenty (20) and Twenty-two (22) of said Or-
dinance No. 66, and to add three new sections to said Ordinance No. 66 to be known as Sections 34a,

35a and 36a respectively ,by way of amendment, and to repeal all ordinances or parts of ordinances
in conflict therewith. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly
carried this Ordinance was passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the clerk read for the first time Ordinance No. 91 of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, entitled "An Ordinance Providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and
repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith. Upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried this Ordinance was passed to the second
reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, None.

Commissioner Hodgens was directed by the Board through the Mayor Pro Tem to investigate
ways and means of purchasing new fire apparatus.

There being no farther business to some before the Board at this time it was moved
by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that the Board adjourn
until Wednesday, March 15, 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens. Arnold,
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Nones, none.

AT THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

March 15,1922.

At a regular meeting of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 15th day of March, A.D
1922 at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and H.N.
Anderson with Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 88 of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section six of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled 'An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license
therefor, regulating the same, fising the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and re-
pealing all Ordinances in Conflict therewith' and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances
in conflict with such amendment. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold
and duly carried ,this Ordinance was passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens Arnold, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Anderson not voting.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 89 of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, entitled " An Ordinance to Repeal Subdivision (43) of Section seven of Ordinance No. 48 of
the City of Las Vegas, licensing ,for the purpose of regulation and revenue ,every kind of lawful
business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the col-
lection of said license tax ,and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without
a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35" approved December 3, 1913, as such subdivision 

(43) is created and enacted by Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, approved June 15th,

1921. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold said Ordinance was daly
passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 90 of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, entitled "An Ordinance to Amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled 'An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada' as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An 
Ordinance to Amend Section six (6) and to Repeal Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada ';also to amend Sections twenty (20) and Twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No.
66, and to add three new sections to said Ordinance No. 66 to be known as Sections 34a, 35a, and 36a
respectively ,by way of amendment, and to repeal all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith". Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, this Ordinance
was duly passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 91, of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada entitled " An Ordinance Providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits of Clarks
Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and
repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith". Upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, this Ordinance was duly passed. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following 



Resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes of this Board;

Whereas, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting of
said Board held on the 7th day of December, A.D. 1921, by resolution duly adopted authorized the Mayor
City Clerk and the Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner, on behalf of said City of Las Vegas,
to enter into a written contract for the furnishing of electric current for street lighting pur-
poses ,and for other service, therein specified, and

Whereas, a contract has this day been entered in to by and between the Consolidated
Power and Telephone Company, a corporation, the party of the first part, and the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, the party of the second part, wherein the party of the first part agrees to supply electric
current for street lighting and other purposes ,at the sum of seven cents (7 cts.) per K.W., as is
more fully set forth in the copy of the contract on file in the office of the clerk of this Board,
said contract having been entered into by the Mayor Pro Tem, City Clerk and Water Works, Sewerage
and Light Commissioner, in behalf of the party of the second part,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, that we, the Board of Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, do hereby approved the execution of said Contract.

Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, 

Aye. Noes, none. 

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that the Water Works, Sewerage, and Light Commissioner be, and he is
hereby authorized to take the meter reading April 1st, 1922 at which date the new contract is
to become effective. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following Re-
solution was introduced:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, a great necessity exists for the acquisition by the City of Las
Vegas of additional equipment for the Fire Department, to-wit, a fully 
equipped fire truck with centrifugal pump, chemical equipment, and approx-
imately 1000 feet of fire hose, in that the present equipment is wholly
inadequate, and without such new equipment there is a constant menace to
the safety of the lives and property of the inhabitants of this City, and
WHEREAS, the funds available for the conduct of said Fire Department
during the year 1922 are not sufficient for use to any extent toward the
purchase of the above mentioned equipment, And,

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City
to borrow the sum of Three Thousand Dollars for a period of two years by
the issuance of the negotiable note, or notes of said City, bearing interest
at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable as by law
provided oat of an emergency tax fund,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said
City of Las Vegas do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor Pro Tem and
City Clerk to borrow for the purposes aforesaid the sum of Three Thousand
Dollars for a period not to exceed two and one half years, and issue as
evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City in
the aggregate of said sum of Three Thousand Dollars, the same to bear
interest at a rate not to exceed six per cent per annum to be redeemable
at the option of this Board at any time when money is available in the
emergency tax fund, to be known as "City of Las Vegas Nevada Emergency Tax",
to be levied by this Board at the first tax levy following the creation of
such indebtedness as by law provided.

Dated this 15th day of March, A.D. 1922.

Action on this Resolution was deferred until the next regular meeting of this Board to be
held on the 5th day of April, A.D. 1922, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock p.m., and the Clerk was directed
to have Notice of said contemplated action published for one issue in the Las Vegas Review ,a
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Street Commissioner Arnold was authorized by the Mayor Pro Tem to provide "Slow Down"
signs for the school house district.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

	Las Vegas, Nevada.

	March 15,1922.

To the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I hereby tender my resignation as Commissioner of the
Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, to take effect immediately.

Vert truly yours,

H.N. Anderson.

whereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the resig-
nation of Commissioner Anderson be accepted. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	The matter of the appointment of a Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of

Las Vegas, to fill the unexpired term of H.N. Anderson, resigned, coming on before the Board it was
the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that Ray W. Gorton be appointed
to the office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class, said appointment to take effect upon the filing
of a good and sufficient bond in the sum on One Thousand Dollars, and upon taking the oath of office
as required by law. Voting Commissioner Hogdens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye,
Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold it was ordered that
the following Proclamation of the Mayor Pro Tem be published in the Las Vegas Review, a newspaper
published weekly in the City of Las Vegas ,for one week. Voting Commissioners Hogdens, Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

PROCLAMATION.

WHEREAS, Herbert Hoover, Chairman of the Interstate Colorado River
Commission ,will visit Las Vegas, Nevada, on Saturday the 18th day of March,

1922,to inspect the Boulder Canyon Dam site on the Colorado River and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas constitutes the nearest and only
gateway and approach to said proposed dam site and power project, and
WHEREAS, the building of said dam will result in making Las
Vegas the metropolis of Nevada, and will be instrumental in establishing
large industries here, including smelters, refineries and manufactories due to
the cheap hydroelectric power that will be created and available at the
switchboard

NOW THEREFORE, in realization of the significance of the visit
of Secretary of Commerce Hoover, a member of the Cabinet of Pres-
ident Warren G. Harding, and his official representative on the
Colorado River Project, I hereby declare Saturday, the 18th day
of March, 1922, Las Vegas Boulder Canyon Dam Day, and respectfully
suggest that all ordinary business cease daring the afternoon of said
day that a proper reception may be given to such official re-
presentative.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that the
Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting, to be held on the 5th day of April, 1922,
at the hoar of seven -thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

April 5,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 5th day of April, A.D, 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner, with members Thomas R. Hodgens and W.E. Arnold, together with the City Attorney and

City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file with the Clerk of this

Board.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting
the claim of the Standard Oil Company for the sum of $26.13 which was laid Over for further
investigation.

	Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried

 it was ordered that the sum of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars be transferred from the General

Fund to the Street Fund, and it was further ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed
so to notify the City Treasurer. Voting Com. Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
The bond of Ray W. Gorton as Commissioner of the Fourth Class in the sum of One
Thousand ($1000.00) Dollars, with C.A. French and E.S. Sheppard as sureties thereon, having been
approved by W.J. Stewart, chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada,
it was the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that said bond be, and
the same is hereby approved. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Ray W. Gorton took the oath of office as required by law and assumed his seat
as Commissioner of the Fourth Glass of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner appointed Ray W. Gorton Water, Sewerage
and Light Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas.

At this time it appearing to the Board that this is the time set by notice for action
on the following resolution, and it further appearing to the Board that said Resolution has been
introduced at a regular meeting of this Board held on the 15th day of March, A.D. 1922; and that
subsequent to such meeting said Resolution was published in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspap-
er published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one week apart; and it further appear-
ing that fifteen (15) Days have elapsed since the date of the first publication, thereupon it was
moved by Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that sold Resolution be and the
same is hereby adopted, and it was further ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to forward a certified copy of said Resolution to the State Board of Revenue for approval.

Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS, a great necessity exists for the acquisition by the City
of Las Vegas of additional equipment for the Fire Department, to-wit,
a fully equipped fire truck with centrifugal pump, chemical equipment,
and approximately 1000 feet of fire hose, in that the present equip-
ment is wholly inadequate, and without such mew equipment there is a
constant menace to the safety of the lives and property of the in-
habitants of this City, and

WHEREAS, the funds available for the conduct of said Fire De-
partment during the year 1922 are not sufficient for use to any ex-
tent toward the purchase of the above mentioned equipment, And,

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it Will be necessary for
said City to borrow the sum of Three Thousand Dollars for a period
of two years by the issuance of the negotiable note, or notes of
said City, bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent
per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of an emergency tax fund,
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners
of said City of Las Vegas do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor
Pro Tem and City Clerk to, borrow for the purposes aforesaid the sum
of Three Thousand Dollars for a period not to exceed, two and one half
years, and issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note
or notes of said City in the aggregate of said sum of Three Thousand
Dollars, the same to bear interest at a rate not to exceed six per
cent per annum to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any
time when money is available in the emergency tax fund, to be known
as "City of Las Vegas Emergency Tax" to be levied by this Board at
the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness as by
law provided.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that the City attorney be, and he is hereby instructed to draw
up an ordinance establishing a City Dump ground, defining the boundaries thereof, and establish-
ing a penalty for the violation thereof. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton add His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye,; Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that R.J. Oppedyke be appointed a special officer ,without
salary ,with special authority to enforce the proposed ordinance relating to a City Dump
Ground. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner,

Aye; Noes, none.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion of the purchase of Fire Equipment
as proposed in the above Resolution, and there appeared before the Board representatives of
several firms dealing in fire equipment, who presented their bids to the Board. After consid-
erable discussion, it was the opinion of the Board that the equipment offered by the
Hirsch and Hirsch Company ,and the hose offered by the Eureka Fire Hose Company represented
the best possible equipment for the price asked, and it was the unanimous opinion of the
Board that, upon the approval of the above mentioned Resolution by the State Board of Revenue
the above mentioned equipment should be purchased by this Board.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a Gaming License in
the City of Las Vegas, said application having been heretofore a proved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said Gaming License be issued to said
applicant. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a Gaming License

in	the	City of Las Vegas, said application having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire

Commissioner Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said Gaming License be issued to said
applicant. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon	the Clerk presented the application of James Germain for a Gaming License

in the City of Las Vegas said application having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire

Commissioner Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said license be issued to said applicant.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner, Aye. Noes
none.
Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Albert James for a Gaming License in the
City of Las Vegas, said application having heretofore been approved by Police add Fire Commissioner 

Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said license be granted to said applicant. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented to the Board the application of G. Lopez for a Gaming
License in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been heretofore approved by Police add Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, and it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that said license be granted to said appli-
cant. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

There being no further business to comes before the Board at this time, it was the
order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and
duly carried that the Board stand adjourned until Wednesday, April 19th, A.D. 1922, at the hour
of seven thirty o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, APRIL 19th, 1922, at 7:30 o'clock P.M.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
to be held this the 19th day of April, A.D. 1922 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock p.m.

Present Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens ,W.E Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, City Attorney F.A. Stevens and City Clerk Florence S. Doherty
Therefore, there not being a quorum present, the meeting adjourned until five o'clock P.M., Thurs-
day the 20th day of April, A.D. 1922.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA, APRIL 20TH, 1922, five o'clock PM

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 20th day of April, 1922, at the hour of five o'clock P.M.

Present: Mayor Pro tem Dentner, with members Ray W. Gorton, W. E. Arnold, together with
the City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, entitled: "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Damp Ground, and
regulating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc." On motion of Commissioner Arnold, sec-
onded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried, this Ordinance was passed to the second reading.



Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and His Honor the Mayor pro tem Dentner aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk read and presented the Resolution drawn up to adopt the deed
of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company which conveys jointly to the County of Clark and City
of Las Vegas a fair grounds and auto camping grounds. An extended discussion was had upon
this matter by the commissioners present and it was decided that the City Attorney be directed
to consult with Mr. W.R. Bracken, Agent for the Las Vegas Land and Water Company at Las Vegas,
with regard to eliminating from the deed the clause which requires that a fair be held on these
grounds every two years, after which he report back to this Board at their next regular meeting.

At this time Mr. Elbert Howard appeared before the Board and requested that the Board
of City Commissioners examine and approve the plat of "Park View Addition" to the City of Las
Vegas, as made by Mr. Rapp, a surveyor. Thereupon, it was the order of the Board that Commission-
er Hodgens of the Police & Fire Department and Commissioner Arnold, of Streets and Public Property,
be appointed as a committee, together with Mr. Fred Rudolph, to examine and approve the said plat
of Park View Addition to the City of Las Vegas; with the understanding that any charges made by
the expert, Mr. Rudloph for certifying as to its correctness, be paid by the owners. Voting: Com-
missioners Gorton, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor pro tem Dentner, aye. Noes none.

The matter of the removal of the City Jail from its present location to another site, came

on for discussion at this time, for the reason it now stands on Park View Addition, above referred

to. Whereupon, it was the unanimous opinion of the Board that the City Jail continue to occupy

the site it is now located on until it is shown this certain property is sold and after reasonable

notice to vacate, this Board will thereupon make such removal. Until that time there will be no

action taken in regard to same.



Mr. Leslie R. Saunders, Executive Secretary of the Chamber of Commerce, appeared before the
Board at this time and requested that the City Commissioners arrange to send a representative to
the Nevada Day Celebration at Los Angeles on May 3rd and 4th to represent the City of Las Vegas.
Whereupon, it was on motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Gorton and duly carried

 that a resolution be passed by this Board, providing that such a delegate or representative be sent



to Los Angeles May 3rd and 4th to attend the Nevada Day Celebration to represent the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon, the following resolution was had:

WHEREAS, it appeared to the Board that it is to the best
interest of the City of Las Vegas to send a representative
to Los Angeles to attend the Nevada Day Celebration May 3rd
and 4th, and it farther appearing to the Board that the ex-
penses of such representative should be paid by the City of
Las Vegas, therefore be it

RESOLVED, that we, the above Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, do hereby designate W. H. Dentner, Mayor Pro tem
as the representative of said City to attend the Nevada Day
Celebration at Los Angeles May 3rd and 4th, and be it farther

RESOLVED that the sum of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars be and the
same, is hereby allowed said W. H. Dentner to cover the ex-
penses of the trip, and be it further

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
draw a warrant in the above amount in favor of said W.H. Denter.

The vote on the above resolution being as follows: Commissioners Arnold and Gorton voting aye. Noes

none. Mayor Pro tem Denter not voting.

At this time Hon. W. J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners and County
Commissioner James Cashman appeared before the Board for the purpose of negotiating a sale of the
street roller, now owned by the County of Clark, to the City of Las Vegas, for the reason the County
no longer has use for the same.	The matter of this purchase was thoroughly discussed by the

members of the Board present and it was the unanimous opinion that the City of Las Vegas was not at
this time financially able to make such a contract for the purchase of this roller

Thereupon, it appearing there was no farther business before the Board, it was upon motion
duly made and carried, that this Board stand adjourned until Friday, May 5th 1922 at the hour of
seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

May 5,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 3rd day of May, A.D. 1922 at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners
Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner being absent it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried that

the meeting stand adjourned until Friday, the 5th day of May, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock

p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

May 5,1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of May, A.D, 1922, at the hoar of seven o'clock p.m. Present
Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

Reposts of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file with the City Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board except as
follows: the claim of Consolidated Power and Telephone Company in the sum of $176.40 for street
lights was ordered returned for more detailed itemization; the claim of R.E. Lake, Jr. for $55./95
for patching sidewalks was ordered returned to be presented in proper form; the claims presented
by C.A. French for street work in the sum of $943.44 were ordered held up because of lack of funds.

It appearing to the Board that there have been some complaints as to the collection of
the City garbage by R.J. Oppedyk, the Clerk was directed to write to Mr. Oppedyk and ask him to appear
before the Board of City Commissioners to explain why garbage is not collected according to contract
and also to show cause why violators of the garbage ordinance should not be reported.

At this time there appeared before the Board J.H. Lester, Colin Grant, and several other
residents of Bucks Addition who complained of the water service in Backs Addition, stating that
the improper piping furnishes insufficient water for the use of the residents of Backs Addition,

and that the pressure is entirely inadequate ,and that the S.W. Craner refused to take measures to
improve the service, etc. Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Gorton that the following Preambles and Resolution wore adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas was duly constituted as a 
municipal corporation within the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
under and by virtue of the provisions of Chapter 132 of the Ses-
sion Laws of 1911,by and Act approved March 16,1911 and

WHEREAS. S.W. Craner, of said City of Las Vegas is now
and since on or about the 1st day of November, 1921 has been, oper-
ating, a public convenience within said City of Las Vegas, to wit:
the supplying of water through conduits laid and maintained in,

	through, over, across, under and along the streets and alleys of 

portions of Back's Subdivision of said City of Las Vegas under and
by virtue of a permit granted said S.W. Craner by the City of Las
Vegas on the 6th day of October, 1921, and accepted in writing by
said S.W. Craner on the 1st day of November, 1921, granting  
permission to said S.W. Craner to use said streets and alleys for such
purposes, and

WHEREAS, the said S.W. Craner owns, holds and controls
a water supply, being artesian wells situate in said Bucks Subdiv-
ision, sufficient for the needs and uses of the residents of said
Buck's Subdivision, with sufficient pressure at the source of
supply for fire protection at the homes of the users of water if
delivered at full pressure and

WHEREAS, the said supply of water owned, held
and controlled by said S.W. Craner is the only supply 

of water available for domestic use and fire
protection in said Back's Subdivision, and

WHEREAS, the said S.W. Craner ,not withstanding
the fact that he is and has been operating such pub-
lic convenience, supplying water to certain of the in-
habitants of said subdivision and making and collect-
ing charges therefor, the said S.W. Craner, capriciously
and arbitrarily refuses to extend water mains and con-
duits or to supply water to the residences or inhabi-
tants of said subdivision, except upon extortionate
and prohibitive terms, to the great damage of persons
already owning property in said subdivision and to the
discouragement of the growth and improvement of said
subdivision, which would otherwise take place if such
conduits were extended and water furnished on reason-
able terms, and

WHEREAS notwithstanding the existence of 

sufficient water pressure at the source of such supply, which
could be delivered to the consumers in said subdivi-
sion with a force sufficient for adequate fire purposes
at the homes, the said S.W. Craner, fails, neglects and
refuses to furnish op provide mains or conduits capa-
ble of carrying water at such pressure and allows said
water to be delivered at a greatly reduced and inad-
equate pressure, thereby permitting a menace to property
in said subdivision by fire and an insufficient supply
of water for domestic uses, and

WHEREAS, said S.W. Craner has in many instances
demanded and collected water rentals for many months in
advance and has repeatedly stated that he was under no
obligation to extend water service conduits or to fur-
nish water and would not do so, except upon such terms
as were agreeable to himself, and

WHEREAS by reason of the foregoing a condition
exists which menaces the safety, health, comfort and con-
venience of the residents of said Buck's Subdivision
and constitutes a menace to the property situate therein,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that complaint
be made by this Board on behalf of said City of Las Ve-
gas to the Public Service Commission of the said condition
existing with reference to the water service being made
or attempted by said S.W. Craner with the request that
investigation and action thereon be had by said Public
Service Commission to remedy such conditions.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of
the foregoing Preambles and Resolution be forwarded by
the Clerk of this Board to said Public Service Commission
with a certified copy of said Permit so heretofore
granted to said S.W. Craner, attached as a part of ana as
an "Exhibit A" to said Preambles and Resolution, and that the
same be considered a formal complaint, subject to amendment,
modification, or to be supplemented, as said Public Service
Commissioner may require.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor Pro Tem,

W.H. Dentner, Ray W. Gorton, Water, sewer and light Commissioner,
the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens and the City Clerk, Florence

S.	Doherty, be and they hereby are authorized to and directed
to conduct such correspondence with, and to furnish such data
and reports to said Public Service Commission in respect to
the matters hereinabove set forth, or in relation thereto,
as my be by them deemed necessary or desirable.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners

Gorton, Arnold and Hodgens and His Honor, W.H. Dentner, Mayor pro tem



voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried,

it was the order of the Board that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby authorized to write to
the State Highway Department at Carson City, Nevada, to ask for a Dodge Roadster from the surplus
War Supplies for the use of the City Commissioners in looking after the interests of the City;
and also to ask for one motor cycle for the use of the Police and Fire officers in discharging
the duties of their office.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following petition:

Las Vegas, Nevada

To the Board of City Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

We, the undersigned, property owners of Las Vegas City, do hereby
respectfully petition your Honorable Board to let a contract to
pave the West Side of Fourth Street between Garcia and Stewart
Streets, which will afterwards be assessed to each property owner
for his part of the pavement:

Name

Chas Briner	Howard Conklin	Mary Doyle Estate	L.V. Land &	Water Co.

A.S. Tracht	Mrs. W.B. Jones	E.W. Griffith	A.S. Jones

E.V. Hammond	Mrs. Oscar L. Peiffer	E.M. Mason	F.L. Duncan

Mrs Van Dyke	J.H. Ladd.	Thos. R. Hodgens	Hal L. Hewteson

		
whereupon, after due discussion, it was the opinion of the Board that the City of Las Vegas
was not financially able to let a contract for said sidewalk at this time, but that it would be

agreeable to the Board if the signers of the petition let their own contract or contracts, and

that the City would have work inspected when completed, and would out in the curbing and corners.

The Clerk was directed so to notify the signers of the petition.

Local electricians appeared before the Board with a request that the Board pass an
ordinance regulating electric wiring and requiring a permit and inspection. After discussion it was
the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and
duly carried, that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to communicated with the Secre-
tary of Fire Insurance Underwriters at San Francisco, California, and endeavour to get data on sim-
ilar ordinances passed by other towns of comparative size. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton
and Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump Ground, and regu-
lating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, sec-
onded by Commissioner Arnold, the above entitled ordinance was passed, and the vote was as follows:
Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

May 3,1922.

To the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Herewith present for your consideration a new map
showing the various sub-divisions of blocks and lots embraced
in the City of Las Vegas, including the recently platted Haw-
kins and Park View Additions.

My object in making said map was to get an up-to-date
plat showing all of the sub-divisions to which house numbers may be
added. The present house numbering map does not show the original
town site and furthermore it was never adopted by the people
	as it did not satisfy the residents. For instance, every eight

feet north and south was given a number and every six feet east
and west was given a number ,instead of each 25 feet being given
a number as is usual in most cities. Also, the map you have gives
the first tier of lots in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite adjacent
to railroad and running east therefrom No. 100 etc. Main and Fremont
Street, Main and Ogden street, etc., the next tier of blocks No. 200
etc., from 2nd street No. 300 etc. This method of numbering is con-
fusing to many as the 100 blocks numbered are in second tier of
blocks.

It is suggested, providing your Honorable Body deems
that a sensible house numbering map is wanted, that your Mayor
and City Street Commissioner be authorized to furnish me with a
system of house numbering to be placed on the map herewith, pre-
sented for your consideration and tentative approval.

My price for the map fully completed as to house num-
bering will be $60.00 which barely covers the cost of labor or
producing it. Should this price be satisfactory will you please
authorize your Clerk and Treasurer to issue a warrant payable
to my order for above sum upon delivery of map mounted upon
cloth.

Respectfully submitted,

J.T. McWilliams,

Civil Engineer.

	The Board was of the opinion that no such action should be taken at this time.

At this time there being no further business to come before the Board this

meeting was adjourned upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and

duly carried, until the 17th day of May, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. The vote

upon said motion being as follows; Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor

Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

May 17,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of May A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, and Ray W. Gorton, to-
gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the City Clerk excepting the
following: the claim of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company for street lights in the
sum of $176.40 was ordered returned because of an overcharge; the claim of R.E. Lake, Sr. for laying
and patching sidewalk, in the sum of $55.44,and the claims presented by C.A. French for street work,
amounting to the sum of $943.44 were ordered laid over because same had not been approved by the
Street Commissioner.

At this time the Clerk read communications from the Public Service Commission to

S.W. Craner, and from S.W. Craner to the Public Service Commission relative to the water service in
Back's Addition. Same were ordered placed on file for future reference.

W.R. Bracken appeared before the Board upon several matters. He informed the Board
that the Las Vegas Land and Water Company had sold the land on which the City Jail had stood for
seventeen years, and that it would be necessary for the Board to have said Jail moved at once, or else
to make arrangements with the new owners of the property for keeping it in its present position.

Thereupon Mr. Bracken took up the discussion of the deed from the Las Vegas Land
and Water Company conveying to the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas, jointly some thirty
acres of land for the use of said County and City as Fair grounds, camping grounds, etc. He stated
that the Company had refused to strike oat the clause regarding the holding of a County Fair at
least every two years. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens
the following Resolution was introduced, and adopted by unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, by deed bearing date the 17th day of April,

1922, Las Vegas Land and Water Company a corporation, has 
conveyed to the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas, as tenants 

in common 31.510 acres for use in common as an agricultural
fair grounds, park, aviation field and automobile parking ground
for the accomodation of the traveling public and purposes incident
thereto; said land being situate in said City of Las Vegas, and the
consideration therefor having heretofore been paid by this city;
and

WHEREAS the condition of said conveyance as expressed
therein is that no title to said premises shall pass to the
grantees until the Board of County Commissioners of said County
of Clark and the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las
Vegas, shall, by resolution duly adopted at a regular meeting or
session thereof, and not later than June 5, 1922,accept said con-
veyance with all of the terms and conditions contained therein,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Com-
missioners of said City of Las Vegas at this regular meeting of
said Board, held Board 17th day of April, 1922,at Las Vegas, Clark
County, State of Nevada, that said conveyance be and the same is hereby
accepted on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, together with all
the terms and conditions contained therein.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the appreciation of said
City is hereby expressed by this Board to said Las Vegas Land and
Water Company and its officials for their interest shown in the
welfare of this City and for the generous donation made,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this
Resolution be transmitted to said Las Vegas Land and Water Com-
pany and that a copy certified to by the City Clerk, and duly
acknowledged, be attached to said deed, to be recorded with said
deed after its acceptance by the Board of County Commissioners
of Clark County, Nevada.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton and His Hon-
or the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, Aye. Noes ,none.

At this time Mr. Bracken asked the cooperation of the Board regarding the checking of
the waste of water. Thereupon, after considerable discussion it was the motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
notify the Plumbing Inspector, L.R. Hikie, to inspect all the toilets in the City of Las Vegas,
and to report to this Board at the next regular meeting all those leaking or in need of
repair. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Hodgens and Gorton, His Honor the Mayor Pro
Tem, Dentner, Aye; Noes, none.

R.J. Oppedyk appeared before the Board to answer to complaints regarding the collection
of garbage. After reporting that many citizens failed to comply with the ordinance in regard
to placing garbage cans on the property line, and with regard to placing other than refuse animal
and vegetable matter in them, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Gorton, that Mr. Oppedyk hereafter report to the officers all violators'
of Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tern Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mr. Oppedyk asked to be relieved of his duties as special officer in charge

of the City Dumping ground, reporting difficulties in enforcing the ordinance.

Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, it was ordered that

the City Clerk notify the Street Commissioner, W.E. Arnold, to have signs placed in said Dump Ground

marked plainly "Dump Here" and " All persons disobeying this order will be prosecuted under

Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas". Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, and His Honor

the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following letter:

Carson City Nev.

May 11,1922.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk, City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Madam:

In reply to your letter of May 6th regarding a
Dodge Roadster and a Motorcycle which might be transferred to
the City of Las Vegas for use in the Police Department, will
	state that we have no Dodge Roadsters available bat will be

glad to transfer to the City one or more motorcycles for its
use. Its your representative will apply to our office Room 16
City Hall, Reno, with a letter requesting the transfer of this
equipment, we will be glad to make such transfer upon such a
request.

We have been unable to secure satisfactory touring
cars of any description from the Government. Such as we have
are in such condition that it requires from four to six
hundred dollars to place them in running condition and we have
not been asking for further shipments of this type of equip-
ment.

Yours very truly,

Geo. W. Borden 

State Highway Engineer.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded
by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that the Clerk of this Board write to said State High-
way Department asking them to transfer to the City of Las Vegas two motorcycles for use in the
Police Department, and to inform them that representatives of the City will call to receive said
motorcycles. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor, Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.

Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, a motion of
Commissioner Gorton, to adjourn until the 7th day of June, A.D. 1922, at the hoar of seven o'clock
p.m. was seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried. Voting Commissioners Hodgens Gorton
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

May 25th, 1922.

At a special called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
called by Commissioners Arnold and Hodgens. Present His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner with
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read the call for the meeting which was as follows:

CALL.

TO THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

You will please take notice that a special meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called, to be held at the County Commissioners Room in the County
Court House in said City of Las Vegas, on Thursday, the 25th day of
May, A.D. 1922, at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act
upon the following business:

1.	To act upon the Resolution for a loan of $3000.00 for
fire purposes, heretofore approved by the State Board of Finance.

2.	To enter into a contract with Reo Motor Car Co. of Calif.,
or F.S. & W.W. Hirsch, relative to purchase of fire truck and fire
equipment, and to make such orders and arrangements in connection
therewith as may be necessary.

3.	To enter into a contract with Eureka Fire Hose Co. for the
purchase of firehose, and to make such orders and arrangements in
connection therewith as may be necessary.

4.	To consider and act upon matters relating to the sanitary
conditions of the City and the enforcement of ordinances relating
thereto; and to sit and act as a Board of Health in consideration
of such matters.

5.	To consider and act upon matters in relation to complaint
made to the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada against

S.W. Craner in the operation of water service in Bucks Addn.

6.	To consider and act upon matters relating to fire pro-
tection and building restrictions.

7.	To consider and act upon licenses and city revenue.

You will please give notice in accordance with this call.

W.E. Arnold
Thos. R. Hodgens.

City Commissioners.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following Notice:

NOTICE	

To Thos. R. Hodgens, William E. Arnold, Ray W. Gorton ,and Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner.

Yon are hereby notified that pursuant to call this day made
by W.E. Arnold and Thos R. Hodgens, City Commissioners, a special meet-
ing of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held at the County Commissioner's Room in the County Court
House in said City of Las Vegas, on Thursday, the 25th day of May,

A.D. 1922, at the hour of two o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon
the following business:

1.	To act upon the Resolution far a loan of $3000.00 for fire
purposes heretofore approved by the State Board of Finance.

2.	To enter into a contract with Reo Motor Car Co. of Calif,
or F.S. & W.W. Hirsch, relative to purchase of fire truck and fire equip-
ment and to make such orders and arrangements in connection therewith 

as may be necessary.

3.	To enter into a contract with Eureka Fire Hose Co. far the
purchase of firehose and to make such orders and arrangements in con-
nection therewith as may be necessary.

4.	To consider and act upon matters relating to the sanitary
conditions of the City and the enforcement of ordinances relating
thereto; and to sit and act as a Board of Health in consideration of
such matters.

5.	To consider and act upon matters in relation to complaint
made to the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada against
S.W. Craner in the operation of water service in Bucks Addn.

6.	To consider and act upon matters relating to fire pro-
tection and building restrictions.

7.	To consider and act upon license and city revenue.

Please be present as this is an important meeting.

Florence S. Doherty
City Clark.

Service of the above and foregoing notice is hereby admitted this
25th day of May, 1922.

Thos. R. Hodgens

R.W. Gorton
W.E. Arnold
W.H. Dentner

At this time the Clerk reported that although a wire had been received from the Board
of Finance stating that the Emergency Loan of $3000.00 requested by the City had been authorized,
the Resolution making such authorization had not yet been received, and therefore it was impossible

to proceed further with the contemplated purchase of a fire truck, fire hose, and equipment.
It was ordered at this time, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens ,seconded by Commissioner
Gorton, and duly carried, that the sum of One Thousand ($1000.00) Dollars be set aside in the Police an
Fire Fund for applying towards the purchase of the fire truck, hose and equipment. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens ,Gorton, Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried
it was the order of the Board that Commissioner Gorton be and he is hereby authorised to make the
needed alterations on the sprinkling truck. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time E.W. Griffith appeared before the Board, and asked for permission to extend the
second story balcony on his building at Second and Fremont Streets, along the side of that portion of
the building occupied by the Post Office. The matter was laid over until the next meeting of the Board
for farther consideration.

L.R. Hilkie appeared before the Board regarding the poor sanitary conditions existing
in portions of the City, and commenting upon the extreme cleanlines maintained at the Las Vegas
Hospital He was authorized to continue his inspection of the toilets of the City for the purpose of
checking the waste of water, and it was ordered that the Health Officer investigate the bad
conditions reported, and take some step to remedy them, and that he report on same at the next regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on the 7th day of June.

It was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
and duly carried that the City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to draw up a new ordinance re-
gulating sanitary conditions in the City of Las Vegas. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner ,and duly carried that the City Attorney be, and he is here by, directed to draw up a new
ordinance changing the fire district of the City of Las Vegas, and restricting the building therein,
it being the further order of the Board that said fire district be made to include Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, and all subdivisions in the City of Las Vegas.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, and duly carried that the City Attorney be, and he is hereby, directed to draw up an amend-
ment to Ordinance No. 81 .Section 34,making it necessary for any person taking for or more roomers
to pay a license therefor. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board ,upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, that the Assemblymen elected to the 1923 legislature be 
instructed to pass an law providing that the salary of the Mayor and each City Commissioner
shall be Twenty-five Dollars per month, and that the salary of the City Attorney and City Clerk shall
be Seventy-five Dollars per month each. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, and His
Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before, the Board at this time,
it was ordered that the Board stand adjourned until Wednesday, June 7th, at the hour of four o'clock
p.m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 7, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 7th day of June, A.D. 1922 at the hoar of four o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners
Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E Arnold, and R.W. Gorton, Together with the City Attorney and City Clerk,,
Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner being absent. On account of the absence of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,
the meeting was adjourned, upon motion duly made and carried, until the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. of said day.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. June 7, 1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 7th day of June, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and
R.W. Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and the special called meeting were read and approved

as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk
of this Board.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of his Board excepting the claim
of the Electric Shop for $100.00 which was laid over for investigation.

Thereupon the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted upon motion of
Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens and carried upon the following vote; Com-
missioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, voting Aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 15th day of March, 1922 a resolution
was regularly introduced, as follows;

"RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS a great necessity exists for the acquisition by the
City of Las Vegas of additional equipment for the fire department, to-wit
a fully equipped fire truck with centrifugal pump, chemical equipment,
and approximately 1000 feet of fire hose, in that the present equipment
is wholly inadequate, and without such new equipment there is a constant
menace to the safety of the lives and property of the inhabitants of this
City, and

WHEREAS, the funds available for the conduct of said Fire Depart-
ment daring the year 1922 are not sufficient for use to any extent towards
the purchase of the above-mentioned equipment, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said
City to borrow the sum of Three Thousand Dollars for a period of two years
by the issuance of the negotiable note, or notes, of said City, bearing
interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable
as by law provided, out of an Emergency Tax Fund.

 NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners
of said City of Las Vegas do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor Pro
Tem and City Clerk to borrow for the purposes aforesaid the sum of Three
Thousand Dollars for a period not to exceed Two and One-half years, and
issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes of said
City in the aggregate of said sum of Three Thousand Dollars ,the issue
to bear interest at the rate of not to exceed six per cent per annum, to
be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time when money is 
available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be known as "City of Las Vegas,

Nevada Emergency Tax", to be levied by this City at the first tax levy
following the creation of such indebtedness as by law provided.

Dated this 15th day of March, A.D. 1922", and
WHEREAS subsequent to the introduction of said Resolution
said Resolution was published in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly news-
paper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one week
apart, together with notice of the intention of said Board of City Com-
missioners to act upon said Resolution in form and substance as required

by law, and
WHEREAS, said Resolution was duly adopted at a regular meet-
ing of said Board of City Commissioners, held on the 5th day of
April, 1922, and more than fifteen days after the first publication
of said notice and resolution, as aforesaid and

WHEREAS, said Resolution was thereafter transmitted by cer-
tified copy thereof to the State Board of Finance of the State
of Nevada, and thereafter and on the 19th day of May, 1922 the said
State Board of Finance duly approved said Resolution, and the Resolu-
tion of said State Board of Finance, approving same is hereby re-
corded in the minutes of said Board of City Commissioners, said
Resolution of said State Board of Finance being in words and
figures , as follows, viz:

" Meeting held May 19,1922.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING THE City of Las Vegas
TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the
State Board of Finance, duly called and met in session under and
pursuant to the provisions of that certain Act of the Legislature
of Nevada entitled ' An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of
Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and other Governmental
Agencies,' approved March 22, 1917,as amended 1919 that a great
necessity or emergency has arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that necessity now exists for authorizing
the obtaining of a temporary loan by and on the part of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purposes of
meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the preamble
and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas duly called and
held on the 5th day of April, 1922, authorizing a temporary loan
for the purposes set forth in said resolution ,a duly certified copy
of which is now on file and of record in the office of the State
Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS It further appearing that notice of intention
to adopt said emergency resolution was duly published according
to law; therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance ,that said act
and resolution of said Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary
loan of Three Thousand Dollars as in said resolution set forth and
authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and he it furthers

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution
be transmitted by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to
said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in order

that the same may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of

said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, as provided

by law.

I, Gilbert C. Ross, certify that I am the duly authorized
and acting Secretary of the State Board of Finance and that the
foregoing is a fall true and correct copy of a resolution duly
adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at a
meeting held on the 19th day of May, 1922.

Dated this 19th day of May, 1922.

 Gilbert C. Ross 

Secretary of the State Beard of Finance."

and

WHEREAS, First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated,
has offered to loan said City the sum of Three Thousand Dollars
for a period of two years with interest from date of loan to ma-
turity and until paid at the rate of six per cent per annum pay-
able at maturity,

NOW THEREFORE, Be IT RESOLVED, that the Mayor Pro Tem and
City Clerk, in pursuance of said Resolution, adopted by this Board
and approved by said State Board of Finance, as aforesaid, be and they
are hereby authorized and directed to borrow for the purposes set
forth in said Resolution the sum of Three Thousand Dollars for a
period of two years from the date of such loan, and execute and
deliver on behalf of said City of Las Vegas its promissory note
in said sum of Three Thousand Dollars, to be payable on or before
two years from the date thereof, and to bear interest at the rate
of six per cent per annum, to be redeemable at the option of this
Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund,

"to be known as the "City of Las Vegas, Nevada Emergency Tax" ,to
be levied by this City at the first tax levy following the creation
of such indebtedness as by law provided.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioners Hodgens, and duly
carried, the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted on the following vote: Commission-
ers Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS, on April 5,1922 United States Rubber Company Mechan-
ical Goods Division, Eureka Fire Hose Department, of New Jersey, offer-
ed to sell and deliver F.O.B. Las Vegas, Nevada One Thousand feet
Blue Queen Jacket Brand fire hose, coupled complete, 2 1/2 ins. inter-
nal diameter and capable of standing a pressure of 400# per square
inch when delivered, at One Dollar per foot,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Police and Fire
Commissioner, be and he is hereby authorized to enter into a written
contract and order for the purchase of said 1000ft. of Blue Queen
Jacket Brand fire hose with said United States Rubber Company, Mechan-
ical Goods Division, Eureka Fire Hose Department, as above specified,
the same to be paid of the $1000 set aside from the funds of the
Police and Fire Department by resolution of this Board at a special
meeting thereof held on May 25,1922; it being understood that
the price to be paid is $1.00 per ft. with 2% off for cash;
and the Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk are authorized to draw
warrant for the purchase price of said hose in favor of the
seller without further action of this Board, payable oat of
said above described funds, and at the direction of said
Police and Fire Commissioner.

Thereupon, motion being duly made by Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens,
and duly carried, the following Preambles and Resolution were adopted:

WHEREAS, on April 5,1922 Reo Motor Car Company of Cal-
ifornia, Los Angeles, California, acting through F.S. & W.W.

Hirsch, 6th and Ceres Sts., Los Angeles, California offered to

sell this City a fire truck with fire equipment as set forth
specifically in its offer, for the sum of $5000.00 F.O.B. Las
Vegas, Nevada, with terms of payment to be settled between the
seller and purchaser,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Police and Fire
Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, on behalf of this City
enter into a contract with said Reo Motor Car Company in the
form submitted to this Board, which is hereby approved and
 upon the following terms of payment: $3000.00 cash down upon
 delivery and acceptance of the fire truck and equipment; and
balance of $2000.00 to be payable at the rate of $100.00 or
more per month, in installments falling due on the 15th day of
each month following the delivery and acceptance of the Said
fire track, with interest on such deferred installment payments
in the decreasing amounts at the rate of 8% per annum, interest
payable monthly. That said $3000.00 cash payment be made oat
of the $3000.00 heretofore in this meeting authorized to be
borrowed from First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, and warrant
to be drawn for payment of same without farther action of this
Board upon the delivery and acceptance of said fire truck and
equipment and upon the direction of the Police and Fire Com-
missioner. That said monthly installments and interest be pay-
able oat of the funds now or which may be from time to time
in the Police and Fire Fund, or from such other fund or funds
which may be provided by this Board from time to time. Pro-
vided, that each of said installments shall be made payable on
or before the due dates above mentioned.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold
and Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H, Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time, it was order upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and duly carried that the old chemical truck he advertised for sale for cash to the
highest bidder, the City of Las Vegas, through this Board, reserving the right to reject any and
all bids. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,
Aye. Noes, none.

The petition of E.W. Griffith for permission to build a balcony on the Second street side
of the Post Office building having been laid over for discussion, was brought up at this time.

On motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, this request
was denied. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dent-
ner, Aye, Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded
by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, that the awning in front of the Nevada Market and
the J.T. Ullom Hardware store be taken down at once. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gor-
ton and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read a communication from the State Department of Highways stating
that two motor cycles had been reserved for the City of Las Vegas, as per recent request, whereupon
this letter was ordered placed on file for future reference.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following notice:

BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION OF NEVADA.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, )

COMPLAINANT, )

)

V.	)	CASE NO. C-823

S.W. CRANER,	)

DEFENDANT, )

................

NOTICE OF HEADING.

WHEREAS, protest has been filed by the City of Las
Vegas against S.W. Craner as the operator of a public utility
serving a portion of Las Vegas with water, and making various allegat-
tions as to inadequate service, etc. and

WHEREAS a hearing and investigation appear to be
necessary ar desirable to determine the justness of the
charge contained in said protest,

NOT THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, That the above
entitled matter be, and it is hereby, set for hearing at
the Court House in Las Vegas on June 19, at 4 o'clock in
the afternoon of said day.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, That a copy hereof be served
upon said S.W. Craner, and upon the City of Las Vegas, and
that no farther notice heed be given.

BY THE COMMISSION,

STELLA G. COLCORD.

Dated: May 29,1922.	Asst.	Secretary.

Commissioner	J.G. Scrugham will	hear this case.

whereupon said notice was ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time Ordinance No. 9A of the City of Las Vegas
entitled " An Ordinance Regulating and Prohibiting the sale, use and possession of certain 
narcotic drugs in the City of Las Vegas; prescribing a penalty for the violation thereof and other
matters relating thereto. " Upon motion of Commissioner Hoddens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton
and	duly	carried, this ordinance was passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, and Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No.

93 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture, Storage or
Keeping, Sale or other Disposal of Intoxicating Liquors in the City of Las Vegas; Regulating
Other Matters Pertaining thereto; Providing a Penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance, and
Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith ". Upon motion of
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried, it was ordered that said
Ordinance be passed to the second reading,. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, and Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board listened to a report on health conditions given by Dr. E.C.
Bulette, Health Officer, and L.R. Hilkie, Sewer Inspector.

C.P. Squires appeared before the Board with a request for the cooperation of the
Board in securing free mail delivery for the City of Las Vegas.

Mayor Pro Tem Dentner made a statement to the Board deprecating the fact that a
prize fight had been held in the City of Memorial Day, stating that he considered that said
day should be devoted to other purposes.

The matter of the disposal of the City Jail coming on for discussion, it was the,
opinion of the Board, expressed after due consideration, that the police Commissioner

Thos. R. Hodgens should be empowered to sell the said jail is a fair price could be gotten for
it. If not, it was decided that the jail should be torn down and stored in the city garage.

	There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was the

order of the Board upon motion duly made and carried that the meeting stand adjourned.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold Gorton, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 21st, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H.

Dentner, with Commissioners Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, together with the
City Attorney and City Clerk*

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read*

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

Upon the presentation of a map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite showing the grades
as provided in Ordinance #47, the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Gorton,
seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried.

Resolved that the map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite presented by Fred W. Rodolf,
to replace the map referred to in Ordinance 47, and adopted with said Ordinance, but which has since
been lost or mislaid, be and the same is hereby adopted to be used in place of said map which was
filed September 3,1913 in connection with Ordinance #47, but subsequently lost, it being the opinion
of this Board that the map presented by the said Fred W. Rodolf is identical with said map filed
September 3,1913 and subsequently lost. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, Gorton and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time a committee from the Realty Board called to discuss that portion
of the Traffic Ordinance, No. 90, which provides that no car may be parked closer than ten inches
from the curb. After listening to the remarks of Messrs. Riley, Payne, and Breeze, the Board took
the matter under consideration. It appearing to the Board that said feature of this Ordinance is
apparently not for the best interests of the City of Las egas, it was the order of the Board upon
the motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried that the
City Attorney be and he is hereby directed to draw and amendment to Ordinance No. 90 provid-
ing that vehicles may be parked against the curb. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, Gorton and
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner ,Aye, Noes, none.

Adolph Levy appeared before the Board to request permission to build a fire
roof porch in front of his new building on Fremont Street, whereupon it was the decision of the
Board that upon the presentation of a written permit, permission might be granted by this Board.

Thereupon J.T McWilliams presented to the Board a map for numbering the
houses of the City of Las Vegas, in accordance with a an Ordinance and Resolution previously
adopted by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, whereupon, on motion of Mayor Pro, Tem
Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, it was the order of the Board that said
map of the City of Las Vegas be accepted, and that the houses of the city be numbered in accordance
with said map upon its completion. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Gorton and Mayor pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold seconded by
Commissioners Hodgens, and duly carried, that the streets in Clark's Las Vegas, Townsite be signed.
Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

	Board of City Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The undersigned is now the owner of the ground upon which
the Las Vegas City Jail and pound is located.



I hereby serve you this written notice that you must remove the
City Jail and pound from my premises at once.

If the city wishes to dispose of its jail and pound however
and will act promptly, execute the proper Bill of Sale of the Jail

and pound and deposit such Bill of Sale with the First State Bank of
Las Vegas, said bank will deliver to you $52.80 (Fifty-two
& 80/100 Dollars) in cash, which sum I have deposited
therein for the said jail and pound ,with the understanding
that the city is to retain and remove both the cahe from
the jail and the wooden structure that has been used for
housing dogs from the premises.

I have been very patient and business- like with yon
in the matter and trust yon will appreciate my position.

I can do no improving nor building until the burros ,cows,
mischievous colored boys and others quit frequenting my
premises and all of this occasioned by your jail and pound
being left on my premises.

Yours respectfully,

Frank M. Ryan.

whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commi-
ssioner Arnold, and duly carried, that Fire and Police Commissioner Thomas R. Hodgens, be and he
is hereby authorized to accept the offer of Frank M. Ryan, and to execute a Bill of Sale from
the city to Mr. Ryan. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, June 10th, 1922

To the Honorable Mayor and Board of Trustees,

For the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

We, the undersigned, citizens and residents
of the City of Las Vegas, respectfully petition your
honorable Board calling attention to a condition that
prevails on the vacant lot situated on the corner of
1st street and Bonniville Street; this condition being
an open corral with stock, which breeds flies and stench,
making it very undesirable for the neighborhood. We, therefore
consider this a nuisance as stock should be kept in a
building in our opinion and not kept oat in an open corral
near dwellin houses. We would, therefore, request that your
Honorable Board take steps to have this unsanitary condition
eliminated.

Respectfully submitted;

C.E. Miller	Etta M. Harris

H.A. Clark,	W.L. Webb

Harvey C, Thompson	B. Golden

O.K. Adcock	J.J. Weiser

Leo A. Crowley	Mrs. Wm. E. Mott

T.	Chappell	Mrs. C.M. Bailey

Mrs. W.S. Rhoads	D.M. Webb

Elbert Howard	H.W. Curtis

Mrs. Frank Brickie A.O.Hiatt	Mrs. Jas. P. McGarvie

E.D. Blenkenship	W.P. Sprunt

L.P. Mercer

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried, that a notice be served upon the owner of the
above mentioned corral and stock, stating that complaint has been made, and suggesting that
said party remove corral outside of the residence district of the city to avoid being
arrested and fined. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following proclamation was adopted and ordered published for one
week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review. Said order was upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried upon the following vote: Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.	Noes, none.

PROCLAMATION.

WHEREAS it is deemed fitting to observe with appropriate ex-
ercises Independence Day the 4th day of July, 1922, and a pro-
gram therefor has been made,

Now, therefore, I, W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem of the City of
Las Vegas, do hereby request all citizens to join in such
exercises, and in order to make the same a safe and sane Fourth,
hereby request the people to observe the following regulations
established by the Board of City Commissioners, relating there-
to;

1.	No fireworks shall be set off in any building, yard or
premises or on any of the public streets or alleys
in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite or upon the roof of
any building therein, as an appropriate place there-
for will be prepared in the City Park.

2.	Automobile races will be held on the following
public streets ; From 1st street' on Fremont st.
to 5th street; along 5th street to Stewart Street ;
along Stewart Street to Main street; along Main
Street to Clark Street; along Clark street to 5th
Street; and, along 5th street to Stewart street,
and such races will be conducted beginning at
ten o'clock A.M. and ending about 12 o'clock noon
on said day, and all persons are warned to keep
off of said streets daring such hoars. Guards will
be stationed at each block along such race course
for protection.

Witness my hand and the seal of said city this
21st day of June, A.D. 1922.

W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, Ordi-
nance No. 92, entitled" An Ordinance regulating and Prohibiting the sale ,use and possession of
certain narcotic drags in the City of Las Vegas; prescribing a penalty for the violation there-
of and other matters relating thereto." Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Arnold, said ordinance was duly adopted upon the following vote: Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time an Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, 
Ordinance No. 93 entitled " An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture ,Storage, or Keeping, Sale or
other Disposal of Intoxicating Liquors in the City of Las Vegas; Regulating Other Matters
 Pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance , and Repealing
All Ordinance or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner
Hodgens seconded By Commissioner Arnold, said ordinance was duly adopted on the following vote;
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
that adjournment be taken until Wednesday, July 5th, 1922 at the hoar of seven o'clock p.m. Motion
of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton. Vote was as follows; Commissioners Hodgens
Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS NEVADA.
July 5, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of July, A.D. 1922, at the hoar of seven o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor Pro
Tem W.H. Dentner, with members Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Bay W. Gorton, together with the
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk of this Board.

Minutes of the last meeting read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

At this time the following Resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes on

motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by W.E. Arnold:

Whereas the Salary Fund of the City of Las Vegas is depleted by reason
of the fact that the salaries of various officers have been increased
since the current budget was drawn, and

Whereas, it is necessary that this Board make some provision for the
payment of salaries of the various officers of said City

BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED that the City Treasurer be, and he is hereby
directed to distribute all moneys received from licenses and fines as
is hereafter set forth, until the further order of the Board; to-wit:

62 1/2% of such licenses and fines shall go to the Police and Fire Fund.

12 1/2% "	"	"	"	"	"	" "	" General Fund.

25% "	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	" Salary Fund.

and it is further Resolved that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed
so to notify the City Treasurer.

The vote on said Resolution stood as followed Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold Gorton and His Honor
he Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Gorton seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, that the City of Las Vegas shall not be required to take out a Sewer Permit
for cleaning the city sewers. Voting Commissioners Gorton, Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargraves for a gaming license
3 games, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that a gaming license for 3 games be issued to the said L.
Hargraves. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J. Spellenberg for a gaming license
for 2 games, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it
was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and
duly carried that a license for 2 games be issued to the said J. Spellenberg. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license
for 2 games, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it
was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, that
a gaming license for 2 games be issued to the said Cleto Aguirre. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton,
Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan, for a gaming
license for 4 games, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon
it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton,
that a license for 4 games be issued to the said J.H. Morgan. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton,
Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time a new Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, ordinance NO. 94, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section! twenty (20) and twenty-two (22)
of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled;' An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic
upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,' as amended by Sections 2 and 3 respectively
of Ordinance No. 90 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to amend Section Six (6) of
Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon
the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada' as Amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled 'an ordinance to amend section six and to repeal section seven of
Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: 'An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic
upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;' also to amend Sections Twenty (20) and Twenty
two (22) of said Ordinance No. 66, and to add three new sections to said Ordinance No 66 to be known as Section
34a 35a, and 36a respectively, by way of amendment, and to repeal all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in
conflict therewith' and to amend Section 34a as created by said Ordinance No. 90, and to repeal all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith. On motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by
Commissioner Arnold it was ordered that the said Ordinance be passed to the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, the City Attorney
was directed to draw up an ordinance extending the fire limits as follows, to include all territory
lying between Stewart and Bridger Streets, and Main and Fifth Streets. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon there being no further business to comes before the Board at this time it was
ordered upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded By Commissioner Arnold, that said Board stand
adjourned until July 19th, 1922 at the hour of six o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, None.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE 0F NEVADA.

July 19,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on Wednesday, the 19th day of July, A.D. 1922 at the hour of six o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners
Thomas R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Ray W. Gorton, the Mayor Pro Tem W.E. Dentner being absent; City
Attorney and. City Clerk were also present.

Upon motion of Commissioner Arnold seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried
Commissioner Gorton was appointed to act as chairman of this meeting. Voting Commissioners Arnold,

Hodgens, and Gorton Aye. Noes, none.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board
Minutes of the last meeting read, and approved as read.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 94, entitled," An Ordinance
to amend Sections twenty (20) and twenty-two (22) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled
"An Ordinance Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada," a s
amended by Section 2 and 3 respectively of Ordinance No. 90 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled' An
Ordinance to Amend Section Six (6) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance
Regulating Travel and Traffic Upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by
Section 1 of Ordinance No. 86 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance to Amend Section Six (6)
and to repeal Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled ;'An Ordinance
Regulating Travel and Traffic Upon the Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada;' also to amend
Sections twenty (20) and twenty-two (22) of said Ordinance No. 66, and to add three new
sections to said Ordinance No. 66, to be known as Sections 34a, 35a, and 36a respectively,, by way of
amendment and to repeal all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith" and to amend
Section 34a as created by said Ordinance No. 90, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances
in conflict therewith. On motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly
carried it was ordered that said finance No. 94 of the City of Las Vegas be adopted as read. Voting
Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.
Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time Ordinance No. 95 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled " An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number (34) of Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Ve-
gas, entitled' An Ordinance to Amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vea-as
entitled' An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing for the purpose of regulation and
revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the
corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, state of Nevada ,fixing the rates of license tax upon
the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or
conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35' 
approved December 3, 1913, and amended December 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas and
farther amended March 5,1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend Section 6
of said Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74,and repealing all Ordinances or parts
of Ordinances in Conflict therewith" ;whereupon ,on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Com-
missioner Arnold, it was order that said Ordinance No. 95 be passed to the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time a new Ordinance to be known as Ordinance
No. 96 of the City of Las Vegas ,entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 27
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled' An Ordinance Fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas
regulating building construction and the keeping of combustibles and explosives,' and to amend
Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 27, as amended by Section 4 of Ordinance No. 72, entitled "An Ordinance
amending Sections 2,3,6, and 7 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas entitled ' An Ordinance
Fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping
of combustibles and explosives, and to further amend said Ordinance No. 27 by adding thereto two new
Sections to be known as Sections 6a, and 6b, respectively. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried, said Ordinance was passed to the second reading.
Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time an Ordinance to be known as Ordinance
 No 97 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for
Fire Escapes," whereupon on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and
duly carried it was ordered that said ordinance be passed to the second reading. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton ,Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 15,1922.

Honorable, Mayor and Board of
City Commissioners.

Las Vegas Nevada.

Gentlemen:

As representing a considerable portion of the active
citizenship and business interests of the city of Las Vegas
the Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce most
respectfully requests the privilege of meeting with you in-
formally, for the purpose of discussing the matter of "fire-proof buildings"
and "fire limits".

In seeking this opportunity to confer with you it is with
a spirit of co-operation and not of criticism that we address
you.

It has been suggested that an evening meeting would
be the most convenient and the Commissioners' Room at the Court
House or the Chamber of Commerce Room would be the most suitable
meeting place.

Trusting that this suggestion will meet with your
approval and that we may have the pleasure of meeting with you
at an early date ,we are

Most respectfully yours,

Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce,

By Leslie R. Saunders, Executive Secy.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, it was ordered
that this communication be laid on the table. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton

Aye, Noes, none.
At this time the following communication was presented to the Board:

Carson City, Nevada,
July 5,1922.

Hon, F.A. Stevens, City Attorney
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mr. Stevens:

In the matter of the water service furnished by
S.W. Craner to residents of Buck's Addition, it appears that under t
the circumstances Mr. Craner cannot be legally compelled to furnish
any auxilary apparatus to maintain the water pressure in
the distribution lines.



It appears entirely practicable to install a small
centrifugal pump and motor, at some point on the water line, which
will give adequate pressure and service to the more distant points.

The cost of this outfit would probably be about $150 which should
properly be borne by the beneficiaries.

While technically Mr. Craner is operating a public util-
ity, practically an order to him to force installation of pressure
devices could be resisted on the ground that it would require an
investment incommensurate with the plant he is operating. If those
who are suffering from lack of water are willing to subscribe the
amount necessary to install the pressure pump, this office will
undertake to make the necessary plans and measurements requisite
for the installation.

Very truly yours

Public Service Commission of

Nevada

By J.G. Scrugham, Commissioner

Foll owed a discussion between the members of the Board and residents of Buck's Addition.

The latter expressed themselves as unwilling to bear the expense of patting in a pressure pump
under present existing circumstances, and the City Attorney was directed to carry on further corres-
pondence with the Public Service Commission, with the idea of reaching some satisfactory settlement
of the difficulty.

Pending the absence of L.R. Hilkie, Sewer Inspector, Sewer and Light Commissioner Gorton
was directed to perform the duties of said Sewer Inspector, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded
by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the Board adjourn until
Wednesday, the 2nd day of August, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE THE CITY CLERK, CITY 0F LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
August 2,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 2nd day of August ,A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners Thomas
R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and Ray W. Gorton, together with the City Clerk and City Attorney the Mayor
Pro Tem, W.H. Dentner being absent.

Upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, Commissioner Hodgens
was appointed Chairman of the meeting, owing to the absence of the mayor pro tem. Voting, Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time, it appearing that there is a large number of spectators present, it was
decided, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the meeting be
held in the District Court Boom. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the meeting adjourned to the District Court Room.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commissioner
Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried. The vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

All bills allowed as per claim bock on file in the office of the clerk, except that the
claim of Ed. W. Clark Forwarding Company for 15.95 was ordered returned for itemization.

Reports of officers read, and approved and ordered placed on file.

Thereupon the clerk read the following letter:

Carson City, Nevada.

July 28,1922.

Mr. F.A. Stevens,

City Attorney,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mr. Stevens:

I thank you for your letter of July 24,1922.

I have planned to go to Las Vegas with an engi-
neer on or about August 24th, for the purpose of making all nec-
essary tests and examinations of the water systems, particularly
of the Craner system. I am of the opinion that we can come to
some satisfactory Understanding with Mr. Craner whereby some
satisfactory service can be obtained. I regret that heavy
pressure of business prevents my making an early trip but I
have not yet received a reply to my letter of June 30th to the
Las Vegas Land and Water Company. It is my intention to secure
an interview in regard to the matter with some of the high
officials of the organization as soon as it can be arranged.

Yours truly,

J.G. Scrugham

State Engineer.

Thereupon, it was ordered that this communication be placed on file for future reference.

Thereupon the following communication was presented:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 28,1922.

Honorable Mayor and

Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Some time prior to your last meeting ,at the instance
of the Board of Directors, a communication was addressed you reading
as follows:

" As representing a considerable portion of the active
citizenship and business interests of the City of Las Vegas, the
Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce
most respectfully requests the privilege of meeting with you in-
formally for the purposes of discussing the mater of "fire-proof
buildings and "fire-limits",

In seeking this opportunity to confer with it is with
a spirit of co-operation and not of criticism that we address you.

It has been suggested that an evening meeting would
be the most convenient and the Commissioners Room at the Court
House or the Chamber of Commerce Room would be the most suitable
meeting place.

Trusting that this suggestion will meet with your ap-
proval and that we may have the pleasure of meeting with you
at an early date, we are,	Most respectfully yours,
LAS VEGAS NEVADA CHAMBER 0F COMMERCE,
By Leslie R. Saunders, Ex. Secy.

At their meeting of July 25th the Beard of Directors instructed the
Secretary to write you again and call your attention to the fact
that no response had been had from you to their previous letter, which
is quoted herein and to request you to kindly acknowledge receipt of
same and state you attitude on their request.

Most respectfully yours,

Leslie R. Saunders.

It appearing to the Board that there were a large number of members of the Camber of
Commerce and other citizens present for the discussion of the proposed ordinance relating to
"fire limits" and "fire-proof buildings", it was moved by Commissioner Arnold, and seconded by
Commissioner Gorton that an amendment to the proposed ordinance No. 96, as proposed by Commissioner
Arnold, be substituted for the original draft of Ordinance No. 96 and read for the first time. Vot-
ing Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none, Thereupon the Clerk read for the
first time the proposed amendment to Ordinance No. 96 entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section 1
of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance Fixing the Fire Limits of the
City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and the keeping of combustibles and explosives
and to amend Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 27,as amended by Section 4 of Ordinance No. 72, en-
titled "An Ordinance amending Sections 2,3,6 and 7 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, en-
titled; 'An Ordinance Fixing the Fire Limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construc-
tion and the keeping of combustibles and explosives,' and to further amend said Ordinance No. 7
by adding thereto five new Sections ,to be known as Sections 6a, 6b, 6c, 6d and 6e, respectively, and
to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

Followed a general discussion of the amendment as proposed, and no further action was taken
upon the same at this time.

	The Board was requested at this time to appropriated the sum of, two the sand dollars for

the improvement of the park and fair ground owned jointly by the City and County. After some dis-
cussion the following communication was presented to the Board:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

August 2nd,1922.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

We, the undersigned, executive committee representing the Feder-
ated Shop Crafts of Las Vegas Nevada, earnestly request your Honorable
Board at its meeting to be held on this ' te to devise some ways and means,
if possible, to take toe necessary appropriation to meet the County of
Clark proposition for the starting of preliminary work upon the Fair
Grounds in the City of Las Vegas. This request is made for the purpose of
making it possible for the employing of a number if men who are at the
present time without employment, and who, if given the opportunity by the
starting of this work, would be able to meet the necessities of life.

We also feel that under the present conditions now existing, that
any employment along this line which shall be the means of patting to work
large bodies of men will be beneficial to the community, as it will be the
means of placing in circulation currency which will help relieve the
present conditions as now exist.

We therefore, earnestly request that you use your best efforts
to devise ways and means for starting this work, Thanking you, we remain,

Very truly yours,

__________Chas. Murphy

John Sommerville

E.L. Woodman
Frank Brickie

__________W. Wright

Executive Committee for the
Federated Shop Crafts of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon, after farther discussion of the matter, it was the order of the Board, upon

motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that the following

Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the Board:

" Resolved that the City Commissioners favor the donation of Two Thousand ($2,000.00)
Dollars .'or the improvement of the City and County Park and Fair Grounds, for this year".

Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.
Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by
Commissioner Gorton, that Ordinances No. 95 and 97,now proposed for the City of Las Vegas, and read fo
the first time at the meeting held July 19th, 1922, be laid over until the next regular meeting for
the second reading. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presend ted the application of Jefferson Davis for a gaming license (2 games)
in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been heretofore approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner,
whereupon, it was order, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly
carried that the Clerk be and she is hereby ,directed to issue a gaming license to the said Jefferson
Davis. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was the motion of
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that the Board adjourn until
Wednesday the 16th day of August, A.D. 1922. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes
none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

August 16,1922.



At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 16th day of August, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. Present Commissioners Thos.

R. Hodgens, Ray. W. Gorton and W.E. Arnold, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, the Mayor
Pro Tem, W.H. Dentner, being absent.

Upon motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Arnold and duly carried,
Thos. R. Hodgens, was appointed Temporary Chairman in the absence of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner . Voting
,Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

The minutes of the past meeting were read approved as read, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, the vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners
Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board.

Reports of officers, read and approved as read, and ordered placed on file.

At this time W.R. Burns appeared before the Board requesting an appropriation for
a memorial for the American Legion, the following letter being presented :

Las Vegas, Nev.

August 9,1922.

Hon. Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

The American Legion is contemplating the erection of a bronze
memorial in memory of the nine Clark County Men who died in Service.

The County Commissioners have appropriated the sum of $150.00
for this purpose and we are calling on your Honorable Body to make
some substantial allowance therefor.

Thanking you, we are

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS POST NO. 8 OF THE

AMERICAN LEGION

By W.R. Burns.

Adjutant.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried that the sum of $150.00 be appropriated for the memorial
above mentioned. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none, it was the
further order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton,
and duly carried that the Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to draw a warrant for the said sum
of $150.00 in favor of the American Legion, Post No. 8. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton
Aye. Noes. none.

 At this time the question of the appointment of a representative of the City to handle the	

interests of the City in the improvement of the City and County Fair Grounds, it was the order of the

Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried, that Frank

Brickie be and he is hereby appointed to act as the temporary agent of the City of Las Vegas to conduct

the work of improving the City and County Fair Grounds, said work to be carried on in conjunction

with the agents appointed by the County of Clark and the Southern Nevada Agricultural Board, and that

the sum of One Thousand Dollars be and the same is hereby set aside for said work of improving the

City and County Fair Grounds, and it is the further order of the Board that the City Clerk be, and she is 
	

hereby directed to draw a warrant for the said sum of One Thousand Dollars said warrant to be counter-signed by acting Mayor protem

ed agent Frank Brickie, and the said Frank Brickie is hereby given authority for the expenditure of

said amount for the above mentioned improvements upon condition that he render to this Board regular

monthly accounting of such expenditures during the continuance of the work. Voting upon said resolution

Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens ,Aye. Noes, none.

At this time R. Roschl appeared before the Board with the request for permission to erect a
sign over the side walk in front of his Fruit stand. Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried it was the order of the Board that a permit for the erection
 of such a sign be executed by the Street Commissioner and City Clerk, upon terms deemed ad-
visable. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

 The matter of a possible reduction of the city tax rate coming up for discussion, Messrs
Leslie R. Saunders and R. W. Martin of the Chamber of Commerce Committee appeared before the Board .

After a discussion of the matter it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Rodgers, seconded by

Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried that the City of Las Vegas tax rate for 1922 be and is hereby 

reduced from $.90 to $.56 and that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to

write to the County Board of Equalization requesting them to reduce the rate for the City of

Las Vegas to $.56. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

   At this time the Clerk read for the second time an Ordinance #90 entitled " An ordinance to
amend Subdivision No. 34 of Ordinance No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Amend
Section seven (7) of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas entitled ' An Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, licensing for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter 

specified, transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said
license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license,
and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13 and 14 and 35' approved December 3,1913 ,and amended Dec.

13,1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further amended March 5,1919 by Ordinance No.

74 of the City of Las Vegas ,and to amend Section 6, of said Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance 

No. 74, and repealing all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in Conflict therewith", Action on said proposed ordinance was deferred.

On motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, and duly carried it
was the order of the Board that this meeting stand adjourned until Wednesday August 23rd, 1922, at
the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton and Arnold, Aye. Noes, none.
 OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

August 23rd, 1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 33rd day of August, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Present
Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and R.W. Gorton, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time a committee from the Chamber of Commerce, consisting of Dr. R.W. Martin, Leslie

R. Saunders , and Ed. W. Clark, together with a number of interested citizens appeared before the
Board for the purpose of discussing the possibility of obtaining a redaction in the school tax rate.
After listening to a number of speakers, W.H. Hunting, Clerk of the School Board made the statement that
the matter would be thoroughly gone into at a meeting of the School Board, and a decision made as

to whether the tax rate could be lowered.



Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly
carried it was decided to display a map of the city upon the screen at the picture show for the
purpose of informing citizens that house numbers can now be procured from the City Clerk. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried
the Street Commissioner was authorized to sell the remains of the old water wagon truck at the
best available price. Voting Commissioner Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.

Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried
the Board adjourned until the next regular meeting to be held on the 6th day of September, A.D., 1922 at
the hour of seven o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Gorton, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEV.

Sept. 6, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 6th day of September, A.D. 1922, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem ,W.H. Dentner, with members Thos. R. Hodgens, and W.E. Arnold, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner R.W. Gorton being absent.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commission-
er Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Hodgens Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board excepting
the following: the claim of W.S. Rhoads for $4.78 was rejected on the grounds that more than
six months had expired since the contraction of the claim; the claim of Ed. Von Tobel Lumber Co.
in the sum of $1.40 was ordered returned with instructions to have same presented to the F.S.
and W.W. Hirsch Co. of Los Angeles, Cal; the claim of Gorton and Hood for $9.75 was ordered held
for farther investigation.

A discussion of water service coming on before the Board, it was ordered, upon motion
of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, that the Clerk be and she is hereby

directed to notify W.R. Bracken, Agent of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company that if the com-
finds it necessary to shat the water off for any length of time, that it is the desire of the
Board of City Commissioners that a by-pass be used in order not to interfere with the fire pro-
tection of the City. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, Aye. Noes,
none.

It was the order of the Board, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold that the chemical tanks be removed from the old fire track, placed on wheels and stationed
in Old Town (Original Townsite ), and that Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, be and he is hereby
authorized to provide shelter for said chemical tank and to organize a volunteer fire company in
said Original Townsite. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes,
none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, that the Street Commissioner be and he is hereby authorized to haul gravel and construct
a driveways in front of the fire house. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion duly made by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded,

Commissioner Hodgens, that the Street Commissioner be and he is hereby authorized to haul

gravel for a sidewalk on Fremont Street between Fifth Street and Eleventh Street; on Seventh

Street between Fremont and Ogden Streets and on Eighth Street between Fremont and Carson Streets.

Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none. It was farther ordered
that the City Clerk draw a warrant in favor of said agent Frank Brickie, in the said sum of $1,000.00.

It was the order of the Board, upon motion of Mayor pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner

Hodgens that the City of Las Vegas accept the sum of One thousand Dollars donated by citizens
of the City of Las Vegas for the improvement of the County and City Fair Grounds, and that said
One Thousand Dollars be distributed and paid oat as ordered before, through its official agent
Frank Brickie, said agent to make a regular monthly accounting of his expenditures to this Board.
Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Centner, Aye. Noes, none .

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner ,seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, that the sum of Twenty Dollars be	and the same is hereby appropriated in payment of

expenses incurred by the City of Las Vegas on the 4th day of September, and it was the farther

order of the Board that the clerk be and she is hereby directed to draw a warrant for said sam
of Twenty Dollars in favor of J.E. Piazza.	Voting Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro

Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,

seconded By Commissioner Arnold,	that the former order of this Board designating the Las

Vegas Review as the official newspaper of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby
revoked. Voting Commissioner Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Commissioner Hodgens, No.

It was carried.

At this time the Clerk presented for action proposed Ordinance No. 95 of the City of Las
Vegas which was read for the second time on the 16th day of August, 1922. this time Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner proposed to amend said Ordinance by changing the name of the newspaper in which
publication was ordered from the "Las Vegas Review" to the "Las Vegas Age", section 2. This amend-
ment was seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioner Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Commissioner Hodgens, No. It was carried.

Thereupon the Clerk read proposed Ordinance No. 95, as amended, and the same was adopted
upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Arnold,
Hodgens and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded By
Commissioner Arnold, that the meeting times of the Board be changed to the first and third Wed-
nesdays of each month, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold
and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the 20th day of September, 1922, at the hour of three o'clock

p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	September 20, 1922.	

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, Nevada, held on the 20th day of September, 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner , with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and R.W.
Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the last meeting were read, and approved as read upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board.

A letter of thanks from the American Legion for the donation made by the City of Las Vegas
for the erection of a bronze memorial for the soldiers from Clark County who fell in the World
War was read and ordered placed on file.	

Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board asking for permission to extend the portico of a building
which he is about to erect on Second Street between Fremont and Carson, out over the sidewalk as
a protection to the windows in the lower floor. Thereupon it was the order of the Board, upon
motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that the Police and Fire Com-
missioner and the City Clerk execute and deliver a formal permit, upon the approval of the same
by the Board of Commissioners, granting permission to Dr. Park to build the above mentioned por-
tico, as far as the rights of the City of Las Vegas are concerned. The vote on said motion
was as follows; Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Gorton, that a man be employed for the sum of $25.00 per month to keep the fire engines in first
class working order, and Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, was authorized by the Board to
employ such a man and to supervise the duties of said employee. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, it was ordered that
the Chamber of Commerce be requested to cooperate with the City and County Agents in working out
a satisfactory scheme for handling the advertising on the fence surrounding the City and County
Fair Grounds. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem, Dentner, Aye.	

The City Clerk was instructed, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Gorton, to notify the health officer Dr. C.E. Buletter that it was the desire of the Board of
City Commissioners that said health officer appear at at least one meeting of the Board in each
month. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered, upon Motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded, by Commissioner Arnold, that the Board
Adjourn until the next regular meeting.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

October 4, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on
the 4th day of October, 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner, with members Thos. R. Hodgens ,W.E. Arnold, and R.W. Gorton, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk, excepting as follows:
the claim of Ed. Von Tobel Lumber Company in the sum of $11.70 was ordered returned for credit for
cement sacks returned.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Gorton, that hereafter all city printing be divided evenly between the Las Vegas Age and the Las
Vegas Review. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Gorton, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Dr. E.C. Buletter, City Health Officer appeared before the Board and made a
statement regarding sanitary conditions in the City of Las Vegas, stating that for the most part
they had been found very satisfactory.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded
by Commissioner Hodgens that a statement be made in the local newspapers to the effect that hereafter
no communications will be considered by the Board unless signed with the name and address of the
writer. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license in the
city of Las Vegas, the same being in due form and having been properly approved by Fire and Police
Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Com-
missioner Hodgens, that a gaming license be issued to the said G. Lopez for 2 games. Voting Commis-
sioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of L.R. Skinner for a gaming license
(2 games) in the City of Las Vegas, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded by
Commissioner Gorton, that a gaming license for 2 games be issued by the Clerk to the said L.R.

Skinner. Voting Commissioner Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license
games) in the City of Las Vegas, the same being in due form and having been heretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of
Commissioner Gorton, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a license for 4 games be issued to
the said J.H. Morgan. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold end Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.

Noes, none.	

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargraves for a gaming license
(2 games ) in the City of Las Vegas, the same being in due form and having been heretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was ordered ,upon motion of Commissioner Gorton
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a gaming license for 2 games be issued to the said L. Hargraves.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J. Spellenberg for a gaming license
(2 games ) in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the same being in due form and having been heretofore
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Gorton ,that a gaming license for 2 games be issued to the said
L. Hargraves. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the report of Frank Brickie as agent for the City of Las Vegas in the 
expenditure of funds appropriated for the improvement of the City and County Fair Grounds was pre-
sented and approved upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Com-
missioners Hodgens, Arnold Gorton, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Com-
missioner Gorton, that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the Board:

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, held on the 16th day of August, 1922, an order
was made, upon motion duly made and unanimously carried, appointing
Frank Brickie as agent of the City of Las Vegas in looking after
the expenditure of funds appropriated for the improvement of the
City and county Fair Grounds, and

WHEREAS, subsequent to this appointment the said Frank Brickie
assumed charge of the funds appropriated by the City of Las
Vegas, amounting to Two Thousand Dollars, and directed the dis-
bursement of the said Two Thousand Dollars in the improvement of
the said City and County Fair Grounds, BE IT THEREFORE
RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby expressed its appreciation of the good
work done by Frank Brickie, and commends him for the wisdom
displayed in the disbursement of the funds placed in his hands,
and for the excellent results secured with the aid of the
County Agent W.H. Pike, and E.G .McGriff, representative of the
Agricultural Board, and be it farther

RESOLVED, that the clerk be and she is hereby directed to trans-
mit to Frank Brickie a certified copy of this Resolution.

Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It was ordered, on motion of Mayor pro tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that
a notice be placed in the newspapers requesting parents to keep their children off the
sidewalks of the main streets of the city when playing with roller skates, velocipedes,
wagons, racers, and similar vehicles, as it is against the law for such vehicles to be used
on the sidewalks of the city. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, October 18th, 1922, at the hour of three o'clock
p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Gorton and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE 8F THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEV.

October 18, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ,
held on the 18th day of April, A.D. 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner
Mayor Pro Tem, with members Thos. R. Hodgens, and W.E.Arnold, together with the City Attorney
and City Clerk, member R.W. Gorton being absent.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commissioner

Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the vote, being as follows; Commissioners Hodgens
and Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with, the clerk of this Board.

Thereupon the following Resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes upon motion
of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold:

WHEREAS, at a meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the

16th day of August, 1922, a reduction of the tax rate for the year
1922 for the City of Las Vegas was authorized to be made from the
rate of $.90 theretofore fixed by the Board, to $.56, and

WHEREAS, the order making such reduction does not set fully the basis
upon which such action was had,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that this Board at said meeting of August

16th, 1922, did find and determine as a basis of such action that the
rate of $.56 would raise the sum of $10,878.00,which
was then and there determined as the amount which would
be required to be raised, the details thereof being as
follows:

Fund Amount Required	Rate

General	$1165.50	.06

Salary	2331	.12

Bond Int.	1554	.08

Bond Redemption	2719.50	.14

Streets and Alleys 00.	.00

Light	2331.	.12

Cemetery	777.	.04

$10878.00	.56

General licenses and fines were estimated at $14,196.63 for the year 1923.

50% of this amount, or $7,098.32 will be distributed to the General Fund.

50% of this amount, Or $7,098.32 will be distributed to the Police & Fire Fund.
Poll taxes for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1923 are estimated at
$6900.00, all of which will go the the fund for Streets and Alleys.

The Cemetery Fund will have a surplus of about $800.00 on January 1st. Therefore
the rate of $.04, bringing in $777.00 will cover the actual fixed expenses of
$1260.00 per year, allowing a shall margin for seeds and necessary supplies.

The following are the figures submitted by the Assessor in the Spring as
the approximate valuations for 1922;

Realty	490,000.00
Imps.	1138,000.00
Personal	314,500.00
Total	1942,500.00

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, the following Proclamation of the Mayor Pro Tem was ordered spread upon the
minutes of the Board, and published in the two newspapers in the City of Las Vegas, upon
motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, the vote on said motion being
as follows: Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

PROCLAMATION.

WHEREAS, it is deemed fitting and proper that the citizens of Las Vegas
join in the, exercises to be held on ARMISTICE DAY, November, 11,

1922, in commemoration of the noble sacrifices made by our
brave living and dead in the, cause of Freedom in the late great

world War,

Now, Therefore, I, W.H. DENTNER, Mayor Pro Tem of said city do hereby ear-
nestly request that all business houses close on that day be-
tween the hours of 12 o'clock noon and 5 o'clock in the after-
noon, and that all citizens join in such exercises.

WITNESS my hand and the seal of said city this 18th day, of October, 1922.

Thereupon the bid of H.M. Hansen for the construction of addition to the County Jail to
serve as a city jail was submitted to the Board, said bid being as follows:

Las Vegas, Nev. Oct. 18, 1922.

To the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas:

Gentlemen:

I will furnish the material and labor and build the proposed
addition to the Clark County Jail, for use as the City Jail, in the
following manner, viz:

One room 16 ft. x 30 ft., same height and type as the Clark
County Jail. The walls will be 6 in thick of reinforced concrete. Will
use 1/2 inron 24 in centers, with 4 in. concrete floor smooth, finish. Inside
walls to be poured smooth and washed with clear cement. Ceiling to be
lath and plastered. Will use three-ply Ruberoid roofing, or galvanized
iron. If galv.iron is used the City to pay in addition to the contract
price herein stated the difference in cost of galv.iron over that of
the Rubberoid roofing, which would not be more than $3.00 per square,
aggregating $21.00

Toilet room 4 ft. by 5 ft., made up of beaded sealing 7 ft.
high. Toilet and wash bowl to be of prison type and situated in
northwest corner of jail building. All plumbing to be done by me. Con-
nections for plumbing to be made on line running to county jail.

There will be three windows 24 in. x 24 in. in sash ; also
5/8 " round rod (iron) ,6 in .apart in window frames. One flue, either
terra cotta ,or using stovepipe and pouring concrete around it.

All woodwork, both on outside and inside to receive two coats
of paint, or stained, or varnished, as desired.

Door to be made either of double flooring, or stock door 3 ft
x 7 ft, 1 3/4 " thich, 5 cross panel, with iron sheeting on the inside.

Outside lock not to exceed $10 in cost. If an iron door is furnished
by the city the cost of the wood door, as specified, will be deducted
from the contract price.

Total price, with extras as noted above, $1,034.00.

Total price ,without extras as noted above, $998.90.

Will commence work immediately upon the letting of the contract and finish same
complete within thirty days from the date of the contract.

Payments for the above to be made at the times and
in the amounts as follows: $400.00 when the three walls are
poured up to square of the building; the balance when the building
is completed.

Respectfully submitted,

H.M. Hansen.

Thereupon, after due discussion it was the opinion of the Board that the iron rods in the
window sashes should be 3 in. apart instead of 6 inches apart, and the city clerk was instructed
to make this change in the contract, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the opinion of the Board that the above is a fair and satisfactory bid, and
it appearing to the Board, from the statement of Commissioner Hodgens, that other contractors have
failed or refused to submit bids, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the above bid, as amended, be and the same is hereby accepted.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of H.H. Stinson for a gaming license, (2 games)
at the Double 0 Soft Drink Bar, the same being in due form and having been heretofore approved by
Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion
of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and duly carried, that a gaming license
for 2 games be issued to the said H.H. Stinson. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered that the Board adjourn until next regular meeting to be held on Wednesday, the
first day of Novembers, 1922. Voting
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEV.

Nov. 1, 1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on
the 21st day of November, A.D. 1922. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners
Arnold and Hodgens, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk. Com. Gorton absent.

At this time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, and unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until Thursday, November 2nd, 1922, at
the hour of three o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEV.

	November 2,1922.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 2nd day of November, A.D. 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.H.
Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with members Thos. R. Hodgens and W.E. Arnold, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk. Commissioner R.W. Gorton, absent.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried on the following vote; Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye; Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board, excepting the
following which were laid over for investigation; Gorton and Hood, $9.95, Hurd and French
$8.00, N.J. Goodwin, two claims for $15.25 and $.2.95 respectively.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor pro tem Dentner, seconded by
Commissioner Arnold and duly carried that the Clerk write a letter to Sewer and Light Commissioner
Gorton requesting his immediate resignation from the position of Sewer and Light Commissioner
in the City of Las Vegas. Voting oh said motion Commissioners Arnold, Hodgens and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board that the Clerk notify the local newspapers
of the expected vacancy in the City Board and request that notice be driven to the public in-
viting applications from citizens willing to fill said expected vacancy.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens sec-
onded by Commissioner Arnold and duly carried that the City Attorney be and he is hereby in-
structed to draw up an ordinance requiring an attendance of every member of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at at least one meeting a month. Voting on said motion
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes. None.

It was suggested by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner that the matter of providing for milk in-
spection be looked into by the City Attorney.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.E. Morgan for a gaming license
(two tables) at the Hotel Northern, the same having been previously approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Hodgens as by law provided. Whereupon it was the order of the Board on
motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner ARnold and duly carried the said
J.H. Morgan be granted a gaming license (two tables) at the Hotel Northern, Voting on said
motion Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes None.

At this time Leslie R. Saunders, Executive Secretary of the Las Vegas Chamber of
Commerce appeared before the Board and spoke upon various matters of public interest.

At this time upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner seconded by Commissioner Arnold
and duly carried, it was the order of the Board that the Clerk publish a statement in the
local papers to the effect that the shop workers are invited to take up their residence in
the City of Las Vegas and are guaranteed the same police protection to which all law abiding
citizens are entitled. It was the further order of the Board that copies of this statement
be sent to the following: Vice President E. E. Calvin; J.P. Carrey, J.E. Norris and General
Manager N.A. Williams. VOTING on said resolution Commissioners Arnold Hodgens and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold and duly
carried that the Board stand adjourned until Wednesday the 15th day of November A.D., 1922
at 3.00 p.m. Voting on said motion Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, None.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

November 15th, 1922

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
on the 15th day of November A.D. 1922 at the hour of 3.00 o'clock p.m. Present Eon. W.E.

Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens and W.E. Arnold, together with
the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried bn the following vote: Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye; Noes, none.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of the Board excepting the

following: the bill of Arrowhead Trail Garage for 3.25 was ordered returned with the re-
quest for information as to who ordered the goods billed.

Whereupon the Clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 96 for the City of

Las Vegas entitled "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO COMPEL TEE ATTENDANCE AT MEETING



OF THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY MEMBERS THEREOF." Thereupon
it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold and duly carried that the above entitled ordinance be and the same is hereby passed

to the second reading.	Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner

Aye; Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor
fra Tem Dentner that the regular monthly meeting of the Board of the City Commissioners shall
hereby be held on the first Wednesday of each month at 3.00 o'clock, p.m. until the further
order of this Board. Voting on this motion Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner AYE; noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Mayor Pro TEM Dentner, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold and duly carried that some person be deputized for the purpose of keeping boys
from gathering on the sidewalk in front of the Majestic Theater. Voting Commissioners Hodgens
Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board it was ordered that
adjournment be taken until the next regular meeting.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada, Dec. 6,1922.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 6th day of December, A.D. 1922, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present Com-
missioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and R.W. Gorton, together with the City Attorney and City

Clerk, the Mayor Pro Tem. W.H. Dentner, being absent. Upon motion of Com. Arnold, seconded by Com. Gorton
Com. Hodgens was appointed to act as chairman because of the absence of the mayor pro tem.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Com.

Hodgens, seconded by Com. Gorton. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved add ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting
the following: the claims of J.J. Ullom in the sums of $24.90 and $34.00 respectively were Ordered
returned for proper distribution; the claims of J.N. Goodwin were ordered returned for further item-
ization; the claim of J.J. Cannon was ordered returned for proper distribution; the claim of
Leon Rockwell was ordered returned for information as to who ordered the work done.

At this time Leslie R. Saunders appeared before the Board with a request that the
Board make an appointment to fill the vacancy on the Park Board left by the departure of Frank
Brickie. After due discussion it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens
seconded by Com. Arnold that W.E. Hawkins be appointed to fill the vacancy on the Agricultural
Park Board caused by the departure of Frank Brickie. Voting Coms. Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.L. McLaurine for a gaming license
( 2 games) at the Levy building on Fremont Street, the same having been approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens. Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of
Com. Hodgens, seconded by Com. Arnold and duly carried that a gaming license for 2 games he
granted to the said J.L. McLaurine. Voting Coms. Hodgens, Arnold and Gorton, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the clerk read for the second time Ordinance No. 96 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled " An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to compel the attendance at meetings of the

	

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas by members thereof." Upon motion of Commissioner
Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Gorton, said Ordinance was passed upon the following vote:
Commissioners Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold it was ordered
that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of this Board:

WHEREAS the Legal Committee of the Chamber of Commerce is making a survey of the
Charter and Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas with a view to securing beneficial
legislation at the 1923 sessions of the Legislature and

WHEREAS it appears to this Board that this action is for the ultimate good of the
City of Las Vegas.

Be it therefore resolved that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
hereby expresses its approval of the work of the Chamber of Commerce Legal
Committee, and tenders its cooperation.

THEREUPON the Clerk read the resignation of Commissioner Gorton, as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 6, 1922

Honorable City Commissioners:

Dear Sirs:

I herewith tender my resignation as Commissioner Fourth Class of Las Vegas,

Nevada, to take effect immediately.

Yours truly,

R. W. Gorton.

Whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens seconded
by Commissioner Arnold that said resignation be accepted. Voting, Commissioners A
Arnold, Gorton and Hodgens, Aye; noes, None.

 Thereupon, it was ordered that the Board adjourn until Dec. 15, 1922 at 3 o'clock p.m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dec. 15, 1922

At a special called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
called by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Present Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, with Commissioners Arnold and
Hodgens, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The Clerk proceeded to read the call for Special Meeting and Notice of Special Meeting as
follows:

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING.

Las Vegas, Nev. Dec. 14, 1922.

To -Mayor Pro. Tem. W. H. Dentner, and to Thos. R. Hodgens and William E. Arnold,

City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to the call issued
by the Mayor Pro. Tem. of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, of which the foregoing is
a full, true and correct copy, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held at the regular meeting room of said
Board of City Commissioners, namely, in the County Commissioners' Room in the County
Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on Friday, the 15th. day of December, 1922, at
the hour of three o'clock P. M. of said last mentioned day, for the purpose of filling
for the unexpired term the office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class, due to the
resignation of Ray Gorton from such office and the consequent vacancy thereof, and to
read and act upon the minutes of the regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners
held on the 6th. day of December, 1922. Your attendance at said meeting is hereby
required.

Witness my hand and the seal of said City of Las Vegas this 14th. day of
December, A. D. 1922.

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas Nevada.

Due service of the above and foregoing Notice and Call is hereby admitted.

Thos. R. Hodgens.

W. E. Arnold 

	W. H. Dentner.

	

Thereupon the Clerk read the minutes of the previous meeting. Same were approved upon
motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, upon the following vote:
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner. Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Board took up for discussion the appointment of a Commissioner of the
Fourth Class to fill the vacancy left by the resignation of R.W. Gorton. The Clerk presented the
following applications:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 7,1922

To The Honorable, The Mayor and
City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I, W.R. Burns, do hereby respectfully submit this to be deemed and con-
sidered as my application to fill the vacancy existing in your
Board of City Commissioners, to-wit: Sewer and Light Commissioner.

Respectfully yours,

W.R. Burns.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

December 15,1922.

Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I respectfully make application for appointment
to the vacancy of Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
subject to the discretion of the Board.

Yours respectfully,

H.J. Woodard.

Honorable Mayor, and
Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to your announcement in the last edition
of the Las Vegas papers, we the undersigned respectfully submit the name
of Mr. Harry Blanding for your consideration in filling the va-
cancy on your honorable Board; he is a business man ,well and fav-
orably known in this City and if appointed he will have the full
confidence of all who know him, and prove a valuable addition to
the membership of your honorable board.

Most respectfully submitted.

Leslie R. Saunders	W.R. Burns

Conklin Bros. by	H.D.B.	A.A. Hinman

Carl D. Farrar, White Cross Drug Go.	A.W. Ham

C.P. Ball	Leo A. McNamee

O.K. Adcock	E.H. Hunting

M.E. Ward	C.C. Ronnow

Will Beckley	C.E. Pembroke

Elbert Howard	Dr. Roy W. Martin

C.P. Squires	Walter R. Bracken

O.C. Boggs	W.H. Pike

W.E. Ferron	E.E. Smith

A.R. Anderson	E.W. Griffith

W.S. Park	I.C. Johnson

J.H. Lightfoot

After general discussion of the application submitted the Mayor Pro Tem announced that
nominations were in order ,whereupon W.E. Arnold placed in nomination the name of Harry
Blanding, the same being seconded by Commissioner Hodgens.

Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens that
nominations be closed. Voting on said motion Commissioners Arnold and Hodgens, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of Harry Blanding was submitted to vote as Commissioner of the Fourth
Class of the City of Las Vegas, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Arnold, and Hodgens,
and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the bond of Harry Blanding as Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City
of Las Vegas was presented, said bond being in the sum of One thousand Dollars, with W.E. Ferron
and Roy W. Martin as sureties thereon, the same having been heretofore approved by W.J. Stewart,
Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada. It was the order of the
Board that said bond be approved, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, the same appearing to be a good and sufficient bond. Voting on said motion Commissioners
Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon Harry Blanding took the oath of office as Commissioner of the Fourth Class
of the City of Las Vegas, and assumed his seat.

It was the order of the Mayor that Commissioner Blanding serve as Water, Sewer and Light
Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was the order
og the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the
Board adjourn until Wednesday , the third day of January, A.D. 1923, at the hour of three o'clock
p.m. Voting on said motion Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA.

January 3, 1923

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on
the 3rd day of January, A.D. 1923, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners Thos. 
R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and Harry Blanding, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, the Mayor
Pro Tem W.H. Dentner being absent.

  Upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, and duly carried,
Commissioner Hodgens was appointed Chairman pro tem, in the absence of the Mayor Pro Tem. Voting on said
motion, Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding and
duly carried, that the Board adjourn until Thursday, the 4th day of January, A.D. 1923, at the hour of
three o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK OF TEE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

January 4,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, held on the 4th day of January, A.D. 1923. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners
Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and Harry Branding, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board, excepting the
following: The claim of J.T. Ullom and Son in the sum of $30.10 was ordered returned for information
as to who ordered the articles billed; the claim of Standard Oil Company in the sum of $8.82 was or-
dered returned for information as to who ordered the articles purchased.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.L. McLaurine for a gaming license,

( 2 games) in the Levy Building on Fremont Street, the same having been theretofore approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Com-
missioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a gaming license be granted to the said
J.L. McLaurine. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

 Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license, (2
games) at the Northern, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner

Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded
by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, that a gaming license be granted to the said J.H. Morgan for the Northern.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of E.M. Pirtle and J.L. Newsom for a

gaming license, (2 games) at the Overland Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police

whereupon it was the order of the Board, on motion of Hodgens, seconded
and Fire Commissioner Hodgens; Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro

by Blanding, that said license be granted.

Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license,

(4 games) at the Vegas Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commi-
ssioner Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a gaming license be granted to the said J.H. Morgan, as
stated above. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none
Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of James Germain for a gaming license (2
games) at the Thomas Bldg. on First Street, the same having been theretofore approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Com-
missioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that a gaming license be issued to the
said James Germain as stated above. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargraves for a gaming license ( 2
games) at the Big Four on First Street, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a gaming license be issued to the said L. Hargraves
as stated above. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of C.E. Jagger for a gaming license
( 2 games) at the Arizona Club, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hod-
gens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, that a gaming license be issued to the said C.E. Jagger
as stated above. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding , and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon , Police and Fire Commissioner Hodgens presented the resignation of A.T.

McCarter as City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, whereupon , it was the order

of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the

resignation off A.T. McCarter as City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, be and the

same is hereby accepted. Voting Com. Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none. 

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold the
position of City Marshall and Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, was declared vacant. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding A.W. Woody
was appointed City Marshall at a salary of $150.00 per month, said appointment to take effect
upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, and
upon his taking the oath of office. Voting, Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner ,A.W. Woody
was appointed Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, at a salary of Twenty ($20.00) per month.
Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon A.W. Woody presented his bond as City Marshall, in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars with O.C. Boggs and Will Beckley as sureties thereon, and the same appearing
to the Board to, be a good and sufficient bond, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of
Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that said bond of A.W. Woody as City
Marshall of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby approved. Voting, Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon A.W. Woody took the oath of office, as required by law, and entered upon
his duties as City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas.

It was ordered, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner ,seconded by Commissioner Blanding
that the Street Commissioner get an estimate of the cost of laying a sidewalk on the east side
of Fourth street from Fremont to Bridger Street. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding
and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

A discussion of the number of hoboes and tramps now infesting the city coming on
before the Board, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Blanding, that the City Marshall secure the services of Thomas West, or some other competent
man as extra policeman to deal exclusively with this problem, and with instructions to keep all

hoboes moving through the city. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, the City Attorney
was directed to draw an ordinance prohibiting aeroplanes from doing stunts over the thickly settled
portion of the city, and that said Ordinance be handled as an emergency ordinance. Voting Com-
missioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, the Light and Sewer
Commissioner was directed to interview the Telephone Company with regard to securing all night
service it appearing to the Board that the growth of the City makes such service urgent. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding that the Board stand adjourned
until the next regular meeting, to be held on Wednesday the seventh day of February, 1923, at three
o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 7,1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 7th day of February, A.D. 1923. Present Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens,

W.E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner being absent.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion, of Commissioner Arnold
seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that Commissioner Hodgens serve as Chairman Pro Tem. Voting
on said motion, Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was ordered that the Board adjourn until Thursday, February, 9th
1923, at the hour of three o'clock p.m., on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Com-
missioner Arnold, Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 8,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,



Nevada, held on the 8th day of February, A.D. 1923, at the hoar of three o'clock p.m. Present
His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold and
Harry Blanding, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read upon motion of Com-
missioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting on said motion Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold and Blanding, and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none,

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this
Board, excepting the claim of Standard Oil Company in the sum of $3.73, these items having
been included in another claim submitted at this time.

At this time Health officer Dr. E.C. Bulette made his monthly report to the Board, and 
upon his recommendation, it was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Blanding,
seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that the City Attorney be, and he is hereby, instructed to
draw up an ordinance to prevent spitting upon the streets and in public places. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none,

At this time it was the order of the Board , upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, 
seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the Clerk give notice of the hearing for the protest against
the construction of sidewalk on Fourth Street. Voting on said resolution Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the Application of G. Lopez for a gaming license
on First Street (2 games) the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that a license for gaming (2 tables) be issued to
the said G. Lopez. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,

Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by
Commissioner Blanding , that the salary of the Municipal Judge be raised to the sum of
Fifty Dollars per month, to take effect March first, 1923. Voting Commissioners Arnold,	

Hodgens and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

	

At this time the Clerk read for the first time " An Ordinance concerning
aeronautics and matters pertaining thereto", and it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Blanding
seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that said Ordinance be passed to the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, after some discussion of the matter, it was the order of the Board upon
motion of Commissioner Blanding ,seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that Commissioner Arnold
be, and he is hereby directed to inquire into the matter of securing rock dust from Sloan for
use upon the city streets. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to advertise for bids for Collecting Garbage,



said bids to be submitted to the Board at its regular meeting in April, 1923, and to be for the
terms of one year and two years.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to write to S.C. Dinsmore of the University of
Nevada and inquire when it would be possible for Mr. Dinsmore to meet with the Board to assist
in drafting a milk inspection Ordinance.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that the Board adjourn
until Friday, the 2nd day of March, 1923, at the hour of two o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 2nd, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of March, A.D. 1923, at the hour of two o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. W.H. Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with commissioners Harry Blanding and W.E. Arnold,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens being absent.

VAt this time the members of the Cemetery Board ,Mesdames W.B. Mundy, C.M. McGovern and
Helen J. Stewart, appeared before the Board and presented a statement of the needs of the
cemetery in the way of improvements. Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the improvements 

requested were a real necessity, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Com-
missioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the sum of $150 be allowed out
of the Cemetery Fund for the improvement of the Sexton's house and for the building of
a small shed for tools. Voting upon said motion Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time a discussion of the policy of the Board of Commissioners with regard to
the conduct and regulation of Woodlawn Cemetery coming on before the Board, it was the order
of the Board, on motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that
the matter of regulation and conduct of said cemetery shall be left to the discretion of the
Board of Trustees of the said cemetery.

It appearing to the Board that it has been necessary for the City two furnish two lots



for the burial of indigents, it was the order of the Board, upon motion duly made and carried that
the Cemetery Board should be paid for these lots out of the City General fund as follows:
the sum of $10.00 to the Board of Trustees of Woodlawn cemetery; the sum of $5.00 to Mrs.

W.B. Mundy, this amount having been advanced by her for a grave for the burial of a child, and
that the deeds to these said lots shall be given to the parents of the deceased. Motion of Com-
missioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding. Voting, Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and
Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

This being the time set for the presentation of protests against the construction of the
proposed sidewalk on Fourth Street, and it appearing to the Board that there are no property
owners present to protest, and it also appearing that not more than fifty percent of the
property owners affected have objected to said construction, proposed Ordinance No. 97 entitled
" An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, providing for the Improvement of Fourth Street by
constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Blocks Nos. 35, 36 and 29 of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment," was read for the
first time, and passed to the second reading upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by
Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes,
none.

At this time the Clerk was directed to advertise for bids for the construction of said
sidewalk improvement in accordance with the above mentioned Ordinance, bids to be submitted at
a regular adjourned meeting of this Board to be held on the 12th day of March, A.D. 1923, at the
hour of one o'clock p.m.

At this time the Clerk was directed to advertise for bids for the disposal of Garbage
in accordance with Ordinance No. 80 said bids to be submitted to the Board at a regular
adjourned meeting to be held on, the 12th day of March, A.D. 1923 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

On motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, it was the order of
the Board that the office of Sewer Inspector of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby
declared open. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

 Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that Chas. A. Gibbs has made application for the
position of Sewer Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, and it appearing that the applicant is
competent to fill this position, it was the order of the Board on motion of Commissioner Arnold
seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that the said Chas. A. Gibbs be appointed Sewer Inspector of
the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good
and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law.

This being the time set by law for the preparation of a Budget, thereupon, the Board pro-
ceeded to take ap the budget and tax levy for the year 1923, in accordance with the provisions
of the State of Nevada, and the matter being discussed at length it was ordered, upon motion
being duly made by Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold that the following
Budget be adopted:

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION.

PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1923.

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year Ending

December 31,1923, as provided by Section 3, Chapter 149, Statutes of Nevada, 1917

RECEIPTS Actual  1922	Estimated  1923	EXPENDITURES	Actual  1922	Estimated  1923
Licenses	--$ 9,832.98  Fines	 4,490.00  Fees	 	—  Permits	 	  Poll Taxes 		 3,932.00  Surplus Funds 	 	  Taxes Collected 1922  9,333.61  Taxes Required 1923 		$ 9,500.00  4,000.	00  6,000.	00 15,192.50	Administration 	  Police and Fire	  Streets and Alleys Sewer Bond Interest Sewer Bond Redemp.  Note	  Light	  Cemetery		$ 7,892.90	  --9,721.37	  —8,983.31 	    2,020.00	  4,000.00	  3,075.87 	  1,304.02 		--$9,660.00  ---6,000.00  —7,000.00  ---1,600.00  ---2,800.00  —3,232.50  ---3,000.00  —1,400.00
Totals		$27,588.59	$ 34,692.50		$36,997.47	$34,692.50

ASSESSED VALUATION

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Actual, 1922	Estimated, 1923

Realty-------------------------------------------------$	489,650.00	$	500,000.00

Improvements----------------------------------------—-	1,092,018.00	1,142,000.00

Personal----------------------------------------------------312,420.00	358,000.00

Totals................................................................................................... $1,894,088.04	$ 2,000,000.00

Tax rate on $100---------------------------------------$-------------- ---------------.76

Cash on Hand, Janaary 1,1923 ----------------------------------'--------— $18,078.60

Balance due from second half taxes, 1923-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 3,316.786

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commissioner
Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold:

 BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor Pro Tem
and attested to by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the city clerk and a copy thereof
be published for two publications one week apart in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper 
published in said City of Las Vegas. The vote on said resolution being as follows: Commissioners
Blanding, Arnold and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy on taxes for the City of Las
Vegas, for the year 1922. Upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold,
and daly carried the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is

exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Sewer Bond Interest Fund.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fourteen cents on each hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate , lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied
collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewer Bond Sinking
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of seven cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied
collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Cemetery Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem, tax of fifteen and on e-half cents on each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

be levied and collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except 

such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fifteen cents on each one hundred dol-
lars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Light Fund of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of sixteen and one-half cents on each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied and collected and paid for the year 1923, including the net proceeds of mines, except

such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Note Fund of

the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Blanding,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold:

RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to notify the

Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established and levied by

the Board for the year 1923 and to direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and cause

to be collected and paid. Voting upon said resolution Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Mayor Pro
Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no farther business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that adjournment
be had until the next regular meeting to be held on Wednesday the 7th day of March, A.D. 1923.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. March 7,1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
on the 7th day of March, A.D. 1923, at the hoar of two o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner, Mayor
Pro Tem, with members W.E. Arnold, Harry Blanding, and Thos. R. Hodgens, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Com-
missioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold,; voting, Commissioners Arnold, Blanding,
Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board, excepting
the following: the claim of W.D. Cooper for $30.00 was rejected upon the ground that this was not
a just charge against the city; the claim of R.H. Schaeffer, in the sum of $15.00 was rejected
on the ground that the same was not a just charge against the City.

At this time Dr. E.C. Bulette, Health officer of the City of Las Vegas, made his monthly
report. It was suggested by Dr. Bulette that the City Board of health adopt a regulation prohibit-
ing persons afflicted with tuberculosis from loafing in public pool halls, soft drink parlors, etc.
This was on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and passed on the
following vote Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

The City Attorney was thereupon directed to prepare such a regulation to presented at the next
meeting of the Board of Health.

At this time Elbert C. Howard appeared before the Board regarding the furnishing of
material for surfacing the streets of the city. After considerable discussion of the matter it
was ordered that further consideration be deferred until a regular adjourned meeting of this
Board to be held on the 12th day of March, A.D. 1933, at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

Thereupon , after considerable discussion it was the order of the Board, upon motion
of, Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the Sewer and Light Commissioner be
and he is her by authorized to make arrangements for the erection of street lights in the Original
Townsite of Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, the following Resolution was adopted, on motion of Commissioner Arnold
seconded by Commissioner Blanding;	

RESOLVED that the General Licenses and Fines of the City of Las Vegas, beginning
with the quarter beginning April 1st, 1923, and until the further order of this Board, shall be
distributed as follows:	General Fund 50%

Light Fund 50%

and it is hereby ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed so to instruct
the City Treasurer. Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners Arnold Blanding,
Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold,

that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of this Board:

WHEREAS, the rapid growth of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada , daring the past few
years has rendered existing post office accomodations entirely inadequate, and

WHEREAS, this inadequacy greatly increases the labors of the Post Master and his
Assistants, and makes it impossible for them to give patrons of the office the ser-
vice to which they are entitled and which would be afforded them with proper
accomodations,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada do hereby recommend that the Postmaster General shall provide for said
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, additional floor space and post office boxes sufficient to
care for the needs of the community,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to send a certified copy of this Resolution to the First Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral at Washington, D.C.

Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.
At this time it was ordered that the old fire truck be turned over to the Street de-
partment for use. This was on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner.

Voting Commissioner Blanding, Arnold, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 97 of the City of Las egas, entitled "An Ordinance
of the City of Las egas, providing for the improvement of Fourth Street by constructing cement and
concrete sidewalk in front of Blocks Nos. 35, 36, and 29 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing
for the payment therefor by special assessment" was read for the second time, and adopted on motion
of Commissioner Blanding seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, and
Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 98 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
concerning aeronautics and matters pertaining thereto" was read for the second time and passed and
adopted upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, on the following vote:
Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No. 99 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
to prohibit spitting upon public sidewalks and in other public places in the City of Las Vegas, was
read for the first time, and passed to the second reading upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, second-
ed by Commissioner Blanding, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, Hodgens, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Com-
missioner Arnold, that the salary of the City Attorney be, and the same is hereby raised to the
sum of One Hundred Dollars per month. Voting, Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, and Mayor
Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

thereupon, the Clerk presented the bond of Chas. A. Gibbs as Plumbing Inspector, in

the sum of One Thousand Dollars with Helen Reynolds and Peter Buol as sureties thereon, and it

appearing to the Board that the same is a good and sufficient bond, it was ordered, on motion of

Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the same be approved. Voting Commissioners

Arnold, Blanding, and Hodgens, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that this is the time for considering the election to be

held for the purpose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
it was the order of the Board , on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner
Hodgens, that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the Board: Resolved that

"Under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

a general election shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, every odd num-
bered year dating from the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1923, and it appearing 

therefrom that a General election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on the
first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1923, and the matter coming up regularly to be heard
and arrangements made therefor, cm motion duly made and carried, the following resolutions were
adopted, to-wit,:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held, at the
City Fire House, situated on lot 23, block 15, of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, for Voting Precinct No. 1, and at the building known as the Public Library Building,
situate on Block 20 of said Clarks Las Vegas, Townsite, for Voting Precinct No. 2, on the 8th
day of May, 1923, for the Election of a Mayor and four Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:
that the polls be opened at 8 o'clock a.m. and close at 6 o'clock p.m. on said day; that Mrs.

Grace E. Haight, Mrs. Elizabeth Pembroke and Mrs. Daisy Nungesser be and they are hereby appointed
inspectors of such election for Precinct No. 1, at the City Fire House, and that Mrs. Emma N.

Schuyler, Mrs. Marjorie L. McQuade, and Mrs. Luetta Gill, be and they are hereby appointed Inspectors
for Precinct No. 2, at the Public Library Building, to conduct the same according to the laws
of the State of Nevada, governing elections.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that no candidate for office at said election shall be entitled

to have his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate , at least ten days
before the date of such election, file in, the Office of the City Clerk; of the City of Las

Vegas, Nevada, a, certificate of nomination, in writing; containing the name of the person nom-
inated. Such certificate shall be signed and verified by the candidate seeking nomination and
shall show that the nominee therein possesses the qualifications as required by the Charter of
 the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all provisions of the law relating to general elections
so far as the same shall be made applicable , and not inconsistent with the provisions of the
City Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such election;

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
and he is hereby authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding
of said election. Such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other
matters necessary or required to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, the date, time and places of holding such election, the purpose thereof, the
condition under which held, the names of the Inspectors, the method and manner of classifying
the commissioners on ballot and such other matters as may be deemed proper in the premises

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such Proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Age,



a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark ,State of Nevada,
for a period of at least four consecutive weeks ( four issues) prior to the date of such elec-
tion and printed conies of such proclamation be posted by the City Clerk of the City of Las
Las Vegas, Nevada, in six public places in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the same period of
time, three of such Proclamations to be posted in each of said voting precincts ,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and
she is hereby authorized and directed to notify the duly elected ,qualified and acting reg-
istry agent in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books for the
registration of the voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for said election at the time and
in the manner provided by the laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration of voters
in incorporated cities. Registration books shall be open March 17, 1923.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purposes of complying with the general law of
the State of Nevada governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified voters of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a fall and fair opportunity of casting their ballots at such
election, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and is hereby divided into two (2) voting election
precincts described as follows to-wit:

All that portion of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, lying and being north of the center
line of Carson Street extending easterly and westerly across the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall
be designated and known as Las Vegas City voting precinct number one (1) and all that portion
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, lying and being south of the center line of Carson Street
extended easterly and westerly across the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be designated and
known as Las Vegas Voting Precinct Number Two (2).

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the following Question shall appear upon the official
ballot at such general election, in addition to the names of candidates for Mayor and four
Commissioners, to-wit: As to whether or not there shall be issued $50,000.00 of the bonds of
the City of Lag Vegas, Nevada for the Construction of a highway through said City in connection
with Federal Aid as provided in that certain Act of the State of Nevada, entitled ,"An Act
Authorising the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark to issue
bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect
with route 6 of the state highway system of the State of Nevada, and providing for the 
ratification thereof by special or general elections before the issuance of any such bonds," approved
March 5,1923.
AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and
she is hereby authorized and directed to have the official ballots prepared and to do and
perform all such acts and give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in order
that the said elections may be called and held and the qualified voters may have due notice
thereof as required by the laws of the State of Nevada governing and as required by the pro-
visions of the city charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada and this Resolution."

Thereupon there being no farther business to comes before the Board at this time, it was
ordered upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Monday, March 12th, 1923
at one o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 12th day of March, 1923, at the hour of one o'clock p.m. Present Mayor Pro Tem
W.H. Dentner, with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, and Harry Blanding, together with
 the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

This being the time set for opening bids for the disposal of garbage under Ordinance No.
80 and in accordance with the Notice published, the Clerk at this time presented the following
bid, to-wit, the bid of R.J. Oppedyk:	

Las Vegas, Nevada. March 7, 1923

To the Board of City Commissioners of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I herewith respectfully submit my sealed bid for the collec-
tion and disposal of garbage of said City of Las Vegas under and pursuant
 to the provisions of Ordinance Number 80 of said City of Las Vegas, and
in accordance with the specifications of the contract therefor on file
in the office of the City Clerk and hereby agree to enter into said
contract in consideration of the payment to me of the sum of Ninety
($90.00) Dollars per month according to the terms and for the period
mentioned in said contract.

R.J. OPPEDYK.

whereupon, after due Consideration, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that the matter be taken under advisement at this
time, and action deferred until the next regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 4th
day of April, 1923.

This being the time set for opening bids for construction of a sidewalk under
Ordinance No. 97, the Clerk thereupon presented the following bid, to-wit the bid of Alex
Lallemand and John J. Salvat:

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 12,1923.

We, the undersigned, herewith present our bid for the construction
of sidewalk on Fourth. Street Lots 35, 36, and 29 , in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, City of Las Vegas, Nevada in accordance with the specifications

 and conditions now on file in the office of the City Clerk, to-wit: the

sum of Twenty-two (22 cents) cents per square foot, we to furnish all material
 and labor to complete the work; or the sum of Eighteen and One-half

(18 1/2) cents per square foot said City to furnish, the sand and
gravel necessary to complete the work. We herewith make ten per cent

OFFICE OF CITY. CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. March 12, 1923.
deposit for 7000 ft. more or less.

Respectfully submitted,

ALEX LALLEMAND
JOHN J. SALVAT

	Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that this is the only bid submitted, and it further

appearing that this bid is not satisfactory, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commission-
er Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
readvertise for bids to be presented to the Board at their regular meeting to be held on Wednesday,
the 4th day of April, A.D. 1923. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, as follows:

That the Board dive the Commissioner of Sewerage, Water and Light authority to complete a deal
with the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company with regard to such Company standing part of the
expense of an electric line to and in Old Town , and granting such company the use of the equipment
that would be pat in for the life of their present franchise.

Voting as follows : Commissioners Blanding and Hodgens and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes,

none.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was the
order of the Board upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board stand adjourned until Wed-
nesday the 4th day of April, A.D 1923, at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Las Vegas, Nevada. April 4,1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 4th day of April, 1923, at the hoar of two o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.H. Dentner,
Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, together with
the City Attorney and City Clerk.



Minuted of the previous meeting were read and approved as read, upon motion of Commis-
sioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Arnold. Carried on the following vote, Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of this Board.

All bills allowed as per claim bock on file with the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the Board proceeded to a further consideration of the letting of a con-
tract for the collection of garbage in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance No. 80 and
as per Notice for Bids published . It appearing to the Board that the bid of R.J. Oppedyk ( as set
forth in the Minutes of the previous meeting ) is the only bid presented, and it farther appear-
ing to the Board that said bid of R.J. Oppedyk is a reasonable bid, it was the order of the
Board, upon motion of Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, that the contract
for the Collection of garbage in the City of Las Vegas, under the provisions of Ordinance No. 80
be let to R.J. Oppedyk for the sum of Ninety ($90) Dollars per month, beginning April 15, 1923,
for the period of two years, same to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient bond
Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hoddens, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold, that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commissioners Hodgens
Arnold, Blinding, and Mayer Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license (4 games)
at the Vegas Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos.

R.	Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by
Commissioner Blanding that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Skinner and Pirtle for a gaming license
( 2 games) at the Overland Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Com-
missioner Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, 

seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commis-
sioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargraves for a gaming license ( 3

games) at the Big Four the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon, it
was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold, that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold,

Blanding, and, Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Thos. Gibbons for a gaming license (2 games)
at the Exchange, the same having theretofore been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens,
whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by
Commissioner Blanding that the license be granted as applied for. Voting Commissioners Hodgens,
Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 99 of the City
of Las Vegas. Nevada, entitled " An Ordinance to prohibit spitting upon public sidewalks and in
other public places in the City of Las Vegas", which was adopted on motion of Commissioner Hodgens,
seconded by Commissioner Blanding, and passed upon the following vote: (Commissioners Hodgens,

Arnold, Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye . Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to write to the Park Commission requesting them to change the



park fence at the corner of Stewart and Fifth Streets so as to permit drivers of approaching vehicles an
unobstructed view, thus lessening the possibility of future accidents. This action was taken
upon motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded By Commissioner Blanding, and passed on the
following vote. Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time C.C. Boyer appeared before the Board regarding the securing of Federal Aid for
the improvement and construction of a Federal Aid Highway through the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
and after due discussion Commissioner Blanding presented the following Resolution:

WHEREAS under an act of the Congress of the United States approved Nov. 9, 1921
,"An Act to amend the Act entitled "An Act to provide that the United
States shall aid the States in the construction of rural post roads, and
for other proposes," approved July 11, 1916, as amended and supplemented,
and for other purposes, it is provided among other matters and things that
Federal Aid in the construction of Highways may be extended to municipal-
ities having a population of less than two thousand five hundred as shown
by the last available census," and

WHEREAS it is farther provided that the construction, reconstruction and main-
tenance of the highways or parts of highways under the provisions of said act,
and all contracts, plans, specifications and estimates relating thereto shall
be undertaken by the State Highway Departments subject to the approval of
the Secretary of Agriculture, and that all funds raised under the authority
of the State or any political or other subdivision thereof, shall be made
available for expenditure under the direct control of the State Highway 
Department, and	

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas desires to avail itself of the benefits of said
Act and to that end to co-operate with the Federal Government, through
the Department of Highways, in the building ,construction and main-
tenance of a paved or gravel surface highway along the route of the
said highway through the City of Las Vegas, as now established and
located or hereafter to be located.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, that the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada be
requested to take such initial steps as may be necessary to carry the
foregoing resolution into effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that in accordance with Assembly Bill No. 78, approved
March 5th, 1923, authorizing the City Commissioners of the City of
in the sum of One Thousand ($1000) Dollars, and upon the approval of said bond by this Board.

This being the time set for opening bids for the construction of a cement sidewalk on
Fourth Street on the east side of Blocks 35 and 36 , and on the west side of Block 29 of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, the Clerk thereupon presented the following bids:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 4,1923.

To City Commissioners:

I agree to furnish all labor and material
to be used in the construction of the proposed side walk . I
will live up to the city ordinance in all respects while under
contract. I will pat this walk in in first class shape for
16 cts. per sq. foot and I prefer having the city famish the
gravel at the going price per yard, same to be deducted from
contract price.

Yours truly,

H.M. Hansen

P.S. Please find enclosed check for $100.00/

Las Vegas. Nevada.

March 29,1923.

To The Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sirs:

we, the undersigned do hereby submit our bid for construct-
ing sidewalk on the West side of Blocks No. 35 and 36; East side
of Fourth Street, and on the East side of Block 29, west side of
Fourth Street.

We agree to furnish all material and do all work, including
all filling for Seventeen and one half (17 1/2) cents per square
foot.

We farther agree to do all work in good workmanlike order
and fulfill all specifications and agreements.

Sincerely yours,



R.E. Lake, Sr.

whereupon, after due discussion it appearing to the Board that the bid of H.M. Hansen is the
most reasonable bid, it was ordered ,upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Comm-
issioner Hodgens that the bid of H.M. Hansen in the sum of 18 cts. per square foot as set forth
above, be and the same is hereby accepted, and the Mayor Pro Tem and City Clerk are hereby
directed to enter into a contract with the said H.M. Hansen for the faithful performance of the
work in accordance with the specifications now on file with the Clerk. Voting Commissioners
Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Dr. C.E. Bulette, City Health Officer, appeared before the Board and made his re-
port regarding health conditions in the City of Las Vegas.

At this time Mrs. R.M. Cornish appeared before the Board in regard to a claim for damages
received by her in a fall caused by an uneven sidewalk, whereupon, after considerable dis-
cussion the matter was referred to the City Attorney.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of T. Merrit for a naming license (2 games)
at the building in the rear of the First State Bank, the same having been theretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Thos. R. Hodgens, whereupon it was the order of the Board, upon
motion of Commissioner Hodgens, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, that the license be granted
as applied for.

Thereupon tie Clerk presented the application of Al. James for a gaming license (2 games)
at the Arizona Club, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner


Las Vegas to issue bonds of the said City of Las Vegas for the total amount

of not to exceed §50,000.00. The City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

hereby agrees that before issuing all or any portion of the said bonds	

or incurring any indebtedness hereunder, the question of the issuance of

said bonds shall be submitted to a vote of the qualified electors of said
City of Las Vegas, either at the next general election or at a special
election to be held as set forth in Section 3 of said Assembly Bill No. 78
( a copy being attached hereto). The City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas agree to set side in a special fund such funds as will be required
to meet the City's share of the cost of the work proposed under this re-
solution.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that such improvement work shall consist of grading,
paving and gravel surface from the Northerly City limits to the easterly
City limits of the said City of Las egas, all of which construction shall
conform with the specifications prepared by the Department of Highways and
approved by the Federal Government.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, THAT THE City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
do by this resolution agree and make available and place under the control
of the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada, such funds as shall
be annually required to properly maintain to the required Government Stand-
art. after constructing the highways and streets herein provided for.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that three copies of this resolution duly certified
by the City Clerk be forwarded to the State Highway Department of the State
of Nevada.	

The motion to adopt the foregoing resolution was duly seconded by Commissioner
Arnold , and upon roll call, the vote thereon was as follows:

YEAS: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem
Dentner.

NAYS: None
ABSENT: None

WHEREUPON, the Mayor declared the resolution adopted.

Thereupon the following Resolution was presented by Commissioner Blanding:

WHEREAS this Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, did on the 4th day of April A.D. 1923 at a regular meeting adopt
a Resolution requesting the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada
to take the initial steps as are necessary for said City of Las Vegas in
securing Federal Aid towards the improvement and paving or graveling of
the surface of Main Street from the northerly city limits to Fremont
Street and of Fremont Street from Main Street to the easterly City limits,
and

WHEREAS said Department of Highways of the State of Nevada now has
a survey party in this vicinity and

WHEREAS it is the desire of this Board that the improvement above
mentioned should be began at the earliest possible date and

WHEREAS it will considerable decrease the cost of the preliminary
survey if the work be done while the above mentioned survey party is easily
available,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that the Department of Highways of the
State of Nevada be requested to make the preliminary survey for the im-
provements as set forth in the Resolution heretofore adopted as soon as
possible and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Board will make available suf-
ficient funds for the payment of the cost of said survey upon the pre-
sentation of proper claims by said Department of Highways of the State
 of Nevada and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk of this Board he and she
is hereby directed to transmit a certified copy of said Resolution to
the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada.

This Resolution was seconded by Commissioner Hodgens, and adopted on the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, Blanding and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, and duly carried
that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the second day of May, A.D. 1923, at the hour of two
o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

May 2, 1923.

t a regular meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 2nd day of May, 1923 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. Present Commissioners Thos.
R. Hodgens, W.E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Mayor Pro
Tem W.H. Dentner being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Blanding, Commissioner
Hodgens was appointed Acting Chairman to preside in the absence of Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner.
Voting Commissioners Arnold, Blanding and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

This being the time set for the review of the assessment for sidewalk on East
side of Fourth Street between Fremont and Bridger and on the West Side of Fourth Street be-
tween Bridger and Carson ,pursuant to notice duly published for such review and there being
several persons present objecting to said assessment, and after a fall discussion of the same
upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following Reso-
lution was duly adopted:

 WHEREAS, it appears from said assessment roll that an amount will
be collected in excess of that which is needed to meet the cost
of such improvement, and the City of Las Vegas should justly
stand and bear the expense of the publication of Ordinances and
Notices in connection therewith in the sum of $50.25 and should also
stand the Inspector's fees in the sum of approximately $50.00, and
should stand and bear one-half of the cost of the frontage on lot
number one in Block 35, at 18 cts. per sq. ft. of sidewalk, it being
considered inequitable that the owner thereof should stand and bear
the cost of the whole 130 ft. of frontage upon said improvement, the
same being a corner lot, and that in addition thereto said City
should stand and bear the cost of the walk across the alley in Block 35
and the cost at the corners and that 18 cts. per square foot of side-
walk is a just proportion to be assessed against the property owners
except as to said lot in Block 35,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the said assessment be corrected
by the City Clerk in the foregoing particulars and that the assess-
ment roll, as corrected, be and the same is hereby approved, and or-
dered to be certified as approved by the City Clerk and transmitted to
the City Treasurer for collection.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said special assessment shall be and
is hereby declared to be due and payable in full upon approval there-
of by this Resolution and that the City Treasurer proceed at once
to collect the same.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and Act-
ing Chairman Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time proposed Ordinance No. 99, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
entitled " An Ordinance providing for the payment of a license fee for  automobiles and
motor propelled Vehicles operated for hire on the public streets of the City of Las Vegas,
and matters connected therewith." was read for the first time, and upon motion of Commission-
er Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, was ordered passed to the second reading. Voting
Commissioners Blanding ,Arnold, and Acting Chairman Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold,
that the Board adjourn until Wednesday May 16, 1923, at the hour of two o'clock P.M., when
it shall meet for the purpose of canvassing the vote of the city election, and also for the
purpose of transacting any other business that may come before the Board at that time. Voting
Commissioners Arnold, Blanding, and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.
	OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

MAY 16, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 16th day of May, A. D. 1923, at the hour of two o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W. H.

Dentner, Mayor Pro Tem, with commissioners Thos. R. Hoddens, W. E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, to-
gether with the city attorney and City clerk.

On motion of commissioner Blanding, seconded by Mayor Pro Tem Dentner the following
Resolution was adopted:

Resolved, that the claim of the Consolidated Power and Telephone company in the
sum of $525.60 be allowed, and that said sum be paid to said company to be used
as a fund to be paid for the construction of the light line to Old Town, and that
the said company account for the expenditure of said sum to the water sewer and
light commissioner.

Voting commissioner Arnold, Hodgens, and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,

Aye. Noes, None.

On motion of commissioner Arnold, Seconded by commissioner Blanding, the following
resolution was adopted:

At this time the question of payment to H. M. Hansen on account of sidewalk construction on
Fourth Street under contract heretofore made come before the board, and it appearing to the Board
that the amount of work performed under such contract was as follows: 6,255 sq. ft. at the contract
price of 18cts. per sq. ft., less the cost of sand and gravel making $1125.90 at said 18 cts. per sq.
ft. and it appearing that 84 yds. of sand and gravel at $2.67 1/2 per yard had been furnished, making a
deduction of $224.70 be had form said sum of $1125.90; and that on-half of such contract price is
due and payable at this time, namely $450.60, being one half of said work at 18cts. per sq. ft. or
$1156.95 less one half of the cost of said gravel and sand, or $112.35; it is therefore ordered and
directed that said sum of $450.60 be paid to said H. M. Hansen, or his order, and that the balance in
the sum of $450.60 be payable in accordance with the terms of the contract unless otherwise ordered
by the Board, all to be payable out of special Assessment Funds for said improvement; and that any
deficit, together with the cost of publication of Ordinances, Notices, and cost of Inspector be
payable oat of the General fund of the City.

At this time it was called to the attention of the Board by the Clerk that all the returns
for the City Election held on the 8th day of May, A. D. 1923 were in and that the vote of said
Election should be canvassed at this time. Thereupon the Board proceeded to canvass the vote
as cast on the 8th day of May, 1923, for s mayor and four Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas,
and found the following:

FOR MAYOR.

W.	H.	Dentner	10

W.	C.	German	370

Thos. R. Hodgens	27

E.	H. Hunting	131

Roy Martin	191

FOR COMMISSIONER THE FIRST CLASS.
W.	E/	Arnold	254

F.	A.	Gibson	55

G.	B.	Hanford	25

Lou Martin	168

F.	E.	Matzdorf	125

E.	S.	Sheppard	76

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE SECOND CLASS.

H.	D.	Black	264

Van Santongue	165

C. R. Shield	265

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE THIRD CLASS.

A.	R.	Anderson	562

W.	N.	Schuyler	141

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE FOURTH CLASS.
Harry	Blanding	188

W. H.	Elwell	528

	QUESTION NO. 1.

Yes	357

No	258

Thereupon, motion duly made, seconded and carried the following preamble and resolution were
duly adopted:

Whereas, it appears to the Board from a canvass of the City Election held on the 8th day of
May, a. d., 1923 that W. C. German has received the highest number of votes for Mayor; that W. E.
Arnold has received the highest number of votes for commissioner of the first class; that C. R.

Shield has received the highest number of votes 	for commissioner of the Second class; that A. R.

Anderson has received the highest number of votes for commissioner of the third class; that W. H.
Elwell has received the highest number of votes for commissioner of the fourth class, and that

the number of votes cast for the bonds under question No. 1 submitted at said election was 357; that

the number of votes cast against the said bonds was 258, and that the result of said election
was the authorization of this Board to issue fifty Thousand Dollars in par value of negotiable
coupon bonds of the city of Las Vegas for the purpose of providing for the construction of a high-
way through said City of Las Vegas with Federal aid to connect with route 6 of the State highway
system of the State of Nevada, as embraced in said Question No. 1.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the above named persons be and they are hereby respect-
ively declared elected to their said respective office, and the Clerk of this Board is hereby
directed to issue certificates of election to the said above-named persons.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the result of said election upon said Question No. 1 be and the
same is hereby declared to be that said Question No. 1 was carried in the affirmative, constituting
an authorization to this Board to issue Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) in par value of neg-
otiable coupon bond of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of providing for the construction
of a highway through said City of Las Vegas with federal Aid to connect with Route 6 of the
state highway system fo the State of Nevada, as embraced in said Question No. 1.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold and Blanding and
his Honor the Mayor Pro. Tem. W. H. Dentner voting aye. Noes, none.	

Thereupon motion of commissioner Blanding, seconded by commissioner Arnold, the following

resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that it is the opinion, of this Board that a survey has been authorized to be

made by the Department of State Highways, as a preliminary step in securing the construction of

a highway through the city of Las Vegas with federal Aid; and that said authorized survey was 

 to extend from the northerly city limits along Main street Fremont Street; and along Fremont 

street to the easterly city limits; that any other surveys made are without the consent or auth-
orization of this Board. Voting on, said Resolution Commissioners Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding

and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner, Aye. Noes, none.



Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Blanding Seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following

Resolution was adopted:	

RESOLVED, THAT this Board favors the construction of the proposed Federal Aid Highway through
the City of Las Vegas along the following route; from the northerly city limits along Main Street
to Fremont Street; along Fremont Street to the easterly city limits; And further the sati highway
be of gravel excepting for the following portion, to-wit: from main to 5th street on Fremont.

Voting on said Resolution Commissioner Hodgens, Arnold, and Blanding, and Mayor Pro Tem Dentner,

Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was the order
of the Board, upon motion made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Monday, the 4th of June,
1923, at the hour of two O'clock p. m
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 4, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on
the 4th day of June, 1923, at the hour of two o'clock P.M. Present Commissioners Thos. R. Hodgens,

W.E. Arnold, and Harry Blanding, Mayor Pro Tem W.H. Dentner, being absent.

On motion of Commisssoner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, Commissioner Hodgens
was appointed Acting Chairman. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold, and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of the last meeting were read, and approved as read on motion of Commissioner Arnold,
seconded by Commissioner Blanding. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills were allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time Proposed Ordinance No. 99 of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the payment of a license fee for automo-
biles and motor propelled vehicles operated for hire on the public streets of the City of Las Vegas,
and matters connected therewith," which was adopted on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold. Voting Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bonds of the newly elected Mayor and four Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, as follows: the bonds of W.C. German as Mayor in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars with S.J. Lawson and J.T. Ullom as sureties thereon; the bonds of W.E. Arnold as
Commissioner of the First Class in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with W.E. Hawkins
and J.H. Ullom as sureties thereon; the bonds of C.R. Shield as Commissioner of the Second Class in
the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with A.W. Ham and Will Beckley as sureties thereon;
the bond of Arthur R. Anderson as Commissioner of the Third Class in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars with F.E. Matzdorf and J.T. Ullom as sureties thereon; the bonds of W.H. Elwell in the sum of
One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Ed. Von Tobel and John F. Miller as sureties thereon; whereupon
it appearing to the Board that the above are good and sufficient bonds and that the same have been
duly approved by W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, and
it further appearing to the Board that the above named Mayor and four Commissioners have taken the
oath of office required by law, it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by
Commissioner Hodgens, that the above bonds be and the same are hereby approved, and it is hereby
declared that the said Mayor and four Commissioners have duly qualified for office. Voting Commi-
ssioners Blanding, Arnold and Hodgens, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to comes before the Board and this being the last
meeting of this Board of City Commissioners , and the newly elected Board of Commissioners, whose
members were elected to office at an election held on the 8th day of May, 1923, having qualified and
taken the required oath of office, and being ready to assume their duties as Mayor and Commissioners
of said City, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Blanding, seconded by Commissioner Hodgens,
that this Board stand adjourned sine die. Voting, Commissioners Blanding, Arnold and Hodgens, Aye.

Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
June 4, 1923.

This being the time set by law for the newly elected Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, to take office, and the members having previously.
qualified and taken the oath of office required by law, they thereupon assumed their respective-
offices as follows; Mayor, W.C. German and Commissioners Arnold, Shield, Adnerson and Elwell, together
with Florence S. Doherty, County Clerk of Clark County, and Ex-officio City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon the Board proceeded to organize, the meeting being opened by an address by
Mayor German, after which the following appointments were made: C.R. Shield was appointed .Police and
Fire Commissioner; Arthur R. Anderson was appointed Finance Commissioner; W.E. Arnold was appointed
Water ,Sewer and Light Commissioner, and W.H. Elwell was appointed Street Commissioner.

Thereupon the Board proceeded to the election of a Mayor Pro Tem. The name of W.H. Elwell
was placed in nomination by Commissioner Arnold. The name of W.E. Arnold was placed in nomination
by Commissioner Elwell. On motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, the
nominations were declared closed. Voting, Commissioners Shield, Anderson, Elwell, Arnold and His
Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The name of W.H. Elwell was then placed before the Board for consideration for the office
of Mayor Pro Tem. Voting on said name Commissioners Arnold and Anderson, Aye. Commissioners
Shield ,Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, No. It appearing that Commissioner Elwell had
not received a majority of the votes cast, he was declared not elected.

The name of W.E. Arnold was then placed before the Board for consideration for the office
of Mayor Pro Tem. Voting on said name Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Commissioner Arnold, No. Thereupon W.E. Arnold was declared elected to the 
office of Mayor Pro Tem of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Arnold it was ordered that all
appointive offices be and they are hereby declared vacant. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell,
Arnold, and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Board took under the consideration the appointment of a Library Board. On
motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the following were appointed mem-
bers of the Library Board; Mrs. Charles P. Squires, F.A. Stevens, and E.E. Smith. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

The Board then took under consideration the appointment of a Cemetery Board. On motion
of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the following were appointed members of
the Cemetery Board, to-wit: Mesdames Helen J. Stewart, Julia P. Mundy and C.M. McGovern. Voting on
said motion Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

The appointment of a member of the Fair Ground Board to represent the City of Las Vegas 
was next discussed by the Board, whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Shield, it was ordered that E.W. Griffith be appointed on the Fair Ground Board to re-
present the City. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold and Anderson and
His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Mayor announced the appointment of Dr. C.E. Bulette as City Health Officer.

The appointment of a City Attorney next coming on for consideration, it was the order
of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that F.A.

Stevens be appointed City Attorney at a salary of $100 per month, said appointment to take
effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and
upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold,

Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

The Board next considered the appointment of a Municipal Judge, and on motion of Commissioner Arnold,
seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered that Henry M. Lillis be appointed Municipal Judge, at
a salary of $50.00 per month, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good
and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 and upon his taking the oath of office required by law.
Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson and Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The appointment of a Plumbing Inspector coming on before the Board, it was ordered on motion of
Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield that Chas. A. Gibbs be appointed Plumbing Inspector
under the same arrangement with regard to fees as that which has heretofore been followed; said appoint-
ment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00
and upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold,
and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The Board then took up the discussion of the appointment of a City Marshall and Fire Chief. The
applications of the following persons were submitted and considered, to-wit: James Clarke, Leo.

A. Crowley, D.L. Moye Joe May, W.H. Morrison and A.W. Woody . After due consideration, the name of Leo
A. Crowley was placed in nomination by Commissioner Shield, and seconded by Commissioner Anderson.

It was then ordered, on motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson and His Honor
the Mayor W.C. German Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the name of Leo A. Crowley was placed before the Board for appointment to
the position of City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas, at a salary of $150.00 per month, said appoint-
ment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00,
and upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold,
Anderson and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that
Leo A. Crowley be and he is hereby appointed Fire Chief at a salary of $20.00 per month. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Shield, , Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner
Arnold, that former City Marshall A.W. Woody be directed to turn over to the new City Marshall Leo.

A. Crowley all keys and other property belonging to the City of Las Vegas. Voting Commissioners Shield
Elwell, Arnold and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of F.A. Stevens as City Attorney in the sum of
$1,000.00 with W.E. Hawkins and A.S. Henderson as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that
the same is a good and sufficient bond , it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded
by Commissioner Arnold, that said bond be and the same is hereby approved, and F.A. Stevens having
taken the oath of office , it is hereby declared that he has duly qualified for the office of City
Attorney. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold and Anderson, and Mayor German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, it was ordered that
the regular meetings of this Board shall be held on the first Tuesday of every month at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Shield, Arnold, Elwell, and Anderson an mayor German Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of Henry M. Lillis as Municipal Judge in the sum
of $1,000.00 with W.E. Hawkins and Ed. Von Tobel as sureties thereon, and it appearing that the same
is a good and sufficient bond, and that Henry M. Lillis has taken the oath of office required by law,
it is hereby ordered that said bond be and the same is approved, and it is farther ordered that
the said Henry M. Lillis having duly qualified may now assume the duties of the office of Municipal
Judge of the City of Las Vegas. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson, and His
Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the bond of Leo A. Crowley as City Marshall of the City of
Las Vegas, in the sum of $1,000.00 with W.I. Roberts and S.M. Elwell as sureties thereon, and it
appearing to the Board that the same is a good and sufficient bond, and it further appearing that
Leo A. Crowley has taken the oath of office as required by law, it is hereby ordered that said bond
be and the same is hereby approved, and the said Leo A. Crowley is declared qualified to assume the
 duties of the office of City Marshall as aforesaid. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold,
and Anderson, mayor German, Aye. Noes, none.

MIt was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to divide the city printing evenly between
the two local newspapers. Voting, Commissioners Shield, Elwell, Arnold, and Anderson, and His
Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Health Officer Dr. C.E. Bulette appeared before the Board and spoke briefly
upon health conditions in the City of Las Vegas.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the Board adjourn until
Tuesday, June 5th, 1923, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. when it shall meet to discuss the est-
imates of the State Highway Department on the construction of the proposed Federal Aid Highway
through the City of Las Vegas, and such other business as may come before the Board at that time.
Voting Commissioners Shield, Arnold, Anderson and Biwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. 
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June, 5th, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, held on the 5th day of June, 1923, at the hoar of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon.

W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners W.E. Arnold, C.R. Shield, Arthur R. Anderson, and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk presented the resignation of Chas. A. Gibbs as Plumbing Inspector,
and it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that said
resignation be and the same is hereby accepted. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Arnold,
and Elwell, and Mayor German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the question of appointing a Plumbing Inspector to succeed Chas. A. Gibbs resigned

coming on before the Board; the name of L.L. French was placed in nomination by Commissioner Arnold,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell.

Thereupon it was moved by Commissioner Shield, and seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
nominations be closed. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Atwell and Arnold, and
His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of L.L. French was placed before the Board for appointment to the
position of Plumbing Inspector, said appointment to be effective upon the filing and approval
of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00 , and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law, and under the same arrangement regarding fees as heretofore existed. Voting Com-
missioners Anderson, Shield, Arnold and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye .Noes, none.

At this time W.R. Burns appeared before the Board with a request for a donation from
the City to the American Legion, and after due discussion it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner

seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the matter be taken under consideration until the 
next regular meeting of the Board. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Shield, Arnold,

Elwell and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Division Engineer C.C. Boyer appeared before the Board and explained the
estimates on the construction of the proposed Federal Aid Highway through the City of Las
Vegas as submitted by the Department of State Highways, and the Board took the matter of
action on these estimates under advisement until an adjourned meeting to be held during this
month.

County Commissioner James Cashman and Senator E.E. Smith addressed the Board

briefly.

Mr. Chambers ,representative of the Portland Cement Association made a short talk to
the Board.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of L.L. French as Plumbing Inspector of
the City of Las Vegas, in the sum of $1,000.00, with C.A. French and Dr. F.R. Mildren as sureties
thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and sufficient bond, and
it farther appearing that the said L.L. French has taken the oath of office required by law,
it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that said
bond be and the same is hereby approved, and it was farther ordered that the said L.L. French be
permitted to assume the duties of the office of Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas,
he having duly qualified. Voting Commissioners Shield, Arnold, Anderson, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, the City
Attorney was directed to prepare a new livestock ordinance. Voting Commissioners Anderson,
Shield, Arnold and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered that the Board stand adjourned until Tuesday, the 19th day of June ,1923 when it shall
meet to consider matters pertaining to street construction, and such other matters as may come
before the Board at that time. Adjournment on motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Arnold and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OFTHE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 19,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 19th day of June, 1923, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield, and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk.
At this time Proposed Ordinance No. 101 of the City of Las Vegas entitled" An Ordinance
Providing for a City Pound; Appointment of a Pound Master and Deputy Pound Master; Providing
Rales and Regulations for the Government of same; Prohibiting Animals Running at Large Within
the City and Providing for the Custody and Sale of Same and Matters Relating Thereto; Fixing
the Fees to be charged by the Pound Master, his salary and His Duties;

Fixing a Penalty for the Violation of

Any of the Provisions hereof, and Repealing All Ordinances or Parts of Ordinances in Conflict
Herewith, And Specifically Repealing Ordinance No. 5 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled' An
Ordinance to Prohibit Stock Running at Large' ", was read for the first time, and on motion of
Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson was passed to the second reading.

Voting on said motion; Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C.
German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon a committee from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce, of which E.W. Griffith
acted as chairman, appeared before the Board and entered into an informal discussion of the
routing of the proposed Federal Aid highway to be constructed through the City of Las Vegas.
Expressions of opinion were requested from the following citizens: Leslie R. Saunders, E.E.

Smith, C.C. Boyer, H.M. Lillis, John F. Miller, Ed. Von Tobel, W. G. Fulton, A.H. Harrington, H.D. Black, O.K.
Adcock, L.W. Stocker, and A.S. Henderson. At this time it was decided, on motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that final decision on the matter be deferred until
the next regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 3rd day of July, 1923. Voting on
said motion, Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time A.H. Harrington appeared before the Board with regard to making an
audit of the City books, and it was suggested by the Board that Mr. Harrington make an estimate
of the respective costs of a detailed and cash audit and present the same at the next regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners. The Clerk was directed to write to H.E. Frudenthal at
Pioche, Nevada, and secure his estimate on the same work.

At this time the Clerk read a communication from J.T. McWilliams regarding the
establishing of sidewalk grades within the City, and it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the letter be filed and the matter laid over
until the next regular meeting for further investigation. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield,
and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that
the matter of rounding up dogs without licenses be turned over to the City Pound Master, and
Chief of Police Crowley was directed to make arrangements for enforcing the ordinance regarding
dogs. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read a communication from the Chief of Police with regard to the
Providing of some motor vehicle for the convenience of the police department. On motion	

of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered that the letter be
placed on file and that the Mayor appoint a committee of three to look into the matter of

cars and prices, and to report at the next regular meeting. Voting on said motion; Commissioners
Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Mayor appointed the following committee to investigate the proposition of
securing a car for the police department, and to report the results of such investigation at the
next regular meeting of the Board, to-wit; Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell.

At this time the Mayor presented to the Board recommendations With regard to the amendment
of the Ordinances regulating gambling within the City of Las Vegas,, and after some discussion
the matter was laid over until the next regular meeting for further action.

Thereupon, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Shield, that the Board stand adjourned until the next regular meeting to be held on the 3rd
day of July 1923, at the hoar of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson,
Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

July 3rd, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 3rd day of July, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, F.C. German, with members C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson, W.H. Elwell and W.E. Arnold,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read , approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk, with the
exception that the claim of E.W. Griffith and Son in the sum of $28.80 was ordered returned for
proper itemization.

At this time the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Anderson,
seconded by Commissioner Arnold:

RESOLVED that General Licenses and Fines shall be distributed as follows,

beginning August 1st,1923, and until the farther order of the Board:

Police and Fire Fund-----------------------50%

Light Fund---------------------------------50%

and the Clerk is hereby directed so to notify the Treasurer.

Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Committee of three consisting of A.R. Anderson C.R. Shield and W.H. 
Elwell, heretofore appointed for the purpose of investigating the proposition of purchasing
a car for the use of the Police Department reported , and recommended the purchase of a
1922 Dodge Touring Car from Richardson and Lovelock Go. whereupon it was the order of the Board
upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the touring car
referred to be purchased and the payment of the purchase price of $800.00 be and the same is
hereby approved. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

July 3, 1923.
To The Honorable Mayor, W.C. German,

and the Board of City Commissioners.

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to your request, I hand you herewith, estimates
as to the cost of auditing the city books from January first 1917
to December thirty-first 1922, both dates inclusive.

CASH AUDIT

The cost of the above named method of audit has been es-
timated by me to be $300.00, for the period above mentioned, and would
consist of an audit of the Cash Receipts from the various sources
of collection, the remittances made to the City Treasurer, and the
Receipts and Disbursements made by the City Treasurer, and in ad-
dition the allocation of the Receipts to the various Fund accounts.

DETAILED AUDIT

The cost of the above mentioned audit has been estimated
be me to be $550.00. It would include all the various checks
mentioned above under the heading "Cash Audit" and in addition a study
of the City Charter to ascertain whether or not the Charter re-
quirements had been complied with; an examination of the Minutes of
the meetings of the City Commissioners and also an examination of
the Ordinances passed relating to the collection of revenues. It
would also include constructive suggestions for the improvement of
the present methods of accounting for City Revenues and criticism
of the methods how in use.

Respectfully submitted,

A.E. Harrington.

At this time, it appearing to the Board that the condition of funds will not permit of
the expenditure of any sum for audit at the present time, it was ordered, on motion of Com-
missioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the matter be laid on the table

until the next regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 7th day of August, 1923.

At this time the question of an appropriation for the benefit of the American Legion
coming again before the Board, it was ordered, after due consideration, oh motion of Com-
missioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the matter be laid on the table

indefinitely, or until the Board can obtain more information on the subject. Voting Commissioners 

Anderson, Arnold, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none. 

The subject of the construction of a federal Aid Highway through the City of Las Vegas
was laid over for further discussion until an adjourned meeting to be held on the 11th day
of July, 1923, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M., at which Division Engineer C.C. 

Boyer was requested to be present.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 101 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled" An Ordinance
Providing for a City Pound; Appointment of a Pound Master and Deputy Pound Master: Providing
Rules and Regulations for the Government of Same: Prohibiting Animals Running at Large With-
in the City and Providing for the Custody and Bale of Same and Matters Relating Thereto:
Fixing the Fees to be charged by the Pound Master, His Salary and His Duties: Fixing a Pen-
alty for the Violation of Any of the Provisions hereof, and Repealing All Ordinances or parts
in Conflict Herewith, and Specifically Repealing Ordinance No. 5 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled 'An Ordinance to Prohibit Stock Running at Large', was read for the second time,
and on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, it was ordered that
said Ordinance be and the same is hereby adopted to become effective after its publication
for one week in the Las Vegas Age. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield and Elwell,
and His honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the discussion of the communication of J.T. McWilliams, relative to the
establishment of sidewalk grades, which had been laid over at the previous meeting of the
Board, was again taken up. After due consideration, it was ordered on motion of Commissioner
Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that the matter belaid on the table indefinitely,
or until a request is made for the establishment of such grades by the owners of abutting
property, either in person or in writing. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of J.H. Morgan for a Gaming License
(5 games) at the Las Vegas Bar, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Shield, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold,
seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the said license be granted. Voting on said motion Commissioners 

Anderson, Arnold, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L.R. Skinner and E.M. Pirtle for a Gaming
License, (2 games) at the Overland Bar, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner
Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Arnold, that said license be granted. Voting on said motion
Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L. Hargrave for a gaming license,

(2 games) at the Big Four, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire Commission-
er Shield, whereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded
by Commissioner Shield, that the said license be granted. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold,
Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Arnold, seconded by
Commissioner Shield, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the eleventh day of July, 1923, at the
hoar of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. at which time they will meet to discuss the construction of the
proposed Federal Aid highway through the City of Las Vegas, and such other matters as may pro-
perly come before the Board at that time. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Arnold, Shield, and Elwell,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. July 11,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 11th day of July, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield, and W.H.
Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold not being
present.

At this time the Clerk read a communication from H.E. Freudenthal relative to an esti-
mate on the cost of auditing the City books, and same was ordered filed for future reference.

Road matters were discussed at this time, and because of the absence from the city of
Highway Division Engineer C.C. Boyer, it was the order of the Board ,upon motion of Commission-
er Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the
18th day of July, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. , at which time it will meet to
discuss the matter of street paving and such other matters as may come before the Board.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY ,NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. July 18, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 18th day of July, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield, and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney add City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioners Shield, the following

Resolution was adopted and ordered spread upon the minutes of the Board, and the Clerk was
directed to transmit a certified copy of said Resolution to the Board of County Commissioners
of Esmeralda County, Nevada.

WHEREAS the City of Goldfield, Esmeralda County, Nevada, has bean laid waste
by fire, and

WHEREAS the citizens of said city have suffered great losses as a result
thereof, and

WHEREAS the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, bewail the catastrophe which has overtaken our
sister city to the north,

NOW, BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that this Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, in regular adjourned session assembled,
hereby extends its sympathy to the citizens of Goldfield and of
Esmeralda County for their great loss and hereby expresses its desire
to be of service to them in their misfortune, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby directed
to send a certified copy of this Resolution to the Board of County
Commissioners of Esmeralda County, in the care of the County Clerk.

Said resolution was passed on the following vote; Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell,

and His Honor the Mayor, voting Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by
Commissioner Shield, that the Board adjourn until Thursday, the 19th day of July, 1923, when it
hall meet to further consider street paving and such other matters as may come before the Board
at that time.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY
NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. July 19,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
lark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of July, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, together with Commissioners A.R. Anderson C.R. Shield,
and W.H. Elwell, and the City Attorney and City Clerk. Commissioner W.E. Arnold was absent.

The Board took up the matter of determining the course of the proposed highway through
the city of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System, to be built with Fed-
eral Aid, and also the matter of the material to be used in the construction of said Highway.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board deems it to the best interests of the City of
Las Vegas that the proposed highway through the City of Las Vegas to
connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System be selected as running
from the East City limits to the North City limits via Fre-
mont Street and Main Street, and that of the whole distance
of said route of 3.203 miles, there be built 2.832 miles of
gravel surface and 0.370 mi. of hard surface: such hard surface
to be of concrete, all in accordance with the specifications
prepared and recommended by the State Highway Commission,
and

WHEREAS, the cost has been estimated by said State Highway
Commissioner as follows:

PROPOSITION 1: concrete (1954.6 ft) Balance gravel
Gravel surface section	$41569.00

Concrete surface section __________21169.50_____

Contract cost	62758.50

Plus 12 1/2% for pre-
liminary Engr. __________7842.31_____

Total Project cost	70580.81

Federal Participation

87.22% of $41569.00 ( gravel Section) $36256.48
87.22% of $30000.00 per mile (concrete) 9681.42

Total Federal, 45937.90
Balance City 24642.91
Total Cost 70580.81

Now, therefore, Be it RESOLVED that the Route as above
mentioned be and the same is hereby selected, adopted and
established, and that the portions as above mentioned be
built of the respective material as above mentioned.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that immediate steps be taken by
this Board for the preparation for issuance, and for the
issuance and sale of $30,000 of the Las Vegas Highway
Bonds provided for in Chap. 74 of the Laws of the State of
Nevada of the 1923 Session of the State Legislature, such
amount being hereby declared to be necessary to meet any con-
tingencies that may arise in the construction of said high-
way, so far as concerns the portion of the expenses there-
of to be borne by said City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Commissioner of Streets
take such appropriate action and steps as may be necessary
to secure a conveyance of a right of way for such por-
tions of said route as are not now owned by the City of Las
Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Nevada State Highway
Commission be notified of the action taken by this Board under
this Resolution .

The estimates of the Nevada State Highway Commissioner
now on file with this Board are hereby referred to and made a
part of this Resolution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and
Elwell end His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the question of issuing of Thirty Thousand ($30,000) bonds
for the construction of a highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with route
6 of the State Highway system of the State of Nevada, coming on before the Board, and it
appealing to the Board of City Commissioners by an Act of the Legislature of the State of
Nevada that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have the authority
to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed $50,000 for the construction of a highway through
the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System under an act of
the Legislature of the State of Nevada in convention assembled, entitled "An Act authorizing
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to
provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with
Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification
thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any such bonds?" approved
March 5, 1923,

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,
the question being put to the Board, the following Preambles and Resolution were regularly
and duly adopted by the unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority
of the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74
of the Laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the
State of Nevada, entitled: "An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, County of Clark to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through
said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of
Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before
the issuance of any such bonds", approved March 5,1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized
to issue its bonds in a sum not to exceed $50,000 for the purposes of constructing a highway
through the City of Las egas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the
State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the
requirements of Secs. 2,3,4, and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of
Nevada, the question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount
of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) was submitted to the qualified electors of the City of
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a general city election held in said
City of Las Vegas on the 8 day of May, 1923, notice of which election having been first duly
given strictly as provided by law, and at which election more than a majority of the votes
cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and the result of the vote upon said
question of the issuance of said bonds having been duly certified to this Board by the elec-
tion boards conducting said election, and the result of the vote on said question of the
issuance of said bonds having been by this Board at a meeting duly and regularly held on
the 16th day of May, 1923, declared in the manner and form and at the same time as other re-
turns of said general city election were canvassed and proclaimed; and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las
Vegas have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount
of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000); and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($50,000), of said highway bonds have been authorized by said Act of the Legislature
of the State of Nevada, and such issuance ratified by the vote of qualified electors of the
City of Las Vegas at a general city election held as aforesaid; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable for
the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Vegas
Highway Bonds in the sum of Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000) of said authorized issue
of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) of said bonds;

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions
and authority of said above mentioned Act, and the ratification thereof at said general city
election, as aforesaid, it be and is hereby ordered that prior to the 1st day of September
1923, bonds of said City of Las Vegas in an aggregate amount of not to exceed Thirty Thousand
Dollars ($30,000) exclusive of interest, (being a part of said issue so authorized of $50,000
of Las Vegas Highway bonds) for the purpose of providing funds for the construction of a
highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System
of the State of Nevada, be prepared and ready for issuance; that said bonds as so prepared
shall be each in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00), numbered from one to thirty

consecutively, and shall bear annual interest at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum
from the date thereof, payable semi-annually on the 1st day of July and the 2nd day of January
of each year, payable at the office of the City Treasurer of said City of Las Vegas ,in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada; that said bonds shall be designated "Las Vegas
Highway Bonds (1923 series)" and shall be dated September 1,1923, and that said bonds shall
be negotiable coupon bonds and shall mature and become payable as follows:

Bonds 1 and 2 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1925; Bonds

3 and 4 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1926; Bonds 5 and 6 to

become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1927; Bonds 7 and 8 to become due and

payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1928; Bonds 9 and 10 to become due and payable on or

before the 1st day of July, 1929; Bonds 11 end 12 to become due add payable on or before the 1st

day of July, 1930; Bonds 13 and 14 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July
1931;
Bonds 15 and 16 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1952;
Bonds 17 and 18 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1933; Bonds 19
and 20 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1934; Bonds 21 and 22 to
become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1935; Bonds 23 and 24 to become due
and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1936; Bonds 25 and 26 to become due and payable
on or before the 1st day of July, 1937; Bonds 27 and 28 to become due and payable on or before
the 1st day of July, 1938; Bonds 29 and 30 to become due and payable on or before the 1st
day of July, 1939.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance ,
the lowest bond to be the first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said
bonds shall have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest install-
ment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall be
payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard, at the office of
the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada. Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same mature.

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED, that said bonds and coupons with the necessary variations
as to numbers and maturities, shall be in substantially the following form, respectively, to-
wit:

(Form of Bond)

"No._______ UNITED STATES OF AMERICA	$1000.00

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK 

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS
(1923 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to be

indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay the bearer on the _________ day of ___

_______,19_______the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest thereon

from date hereof until paid, at the rate of six per cent (6%) per annum, payable semi-annually
on the first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest to the date
of the maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and surrender
of the annexed interest coupons as they severally become due. Interest on this bond shall
cease on the date the the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this
bond are payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard, at the
office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
foe the prompt payment of the principal and interest of these bonds as the respectively become
due, the full faith, credit and resources of said City are hereby irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities
issued for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with
Route 6 of the State Highway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and hold at which
more than a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds,
and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized
by and issued in full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and laws of the
State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the Session Laws of said State for the year 1923, and
all acts of the Legislature amendatory thereof, and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts ,conditions and things required
by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed pre-
cedent to and in the issuance of this bonds, have existed, happened and have been performed in
regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of
together with all other indebtedness of said City
does not exceed any constitutional or statutory limitation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this
bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City Treasurer, and authen-
ticated by the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated
with the lithographed facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond
to be dated the ______ day of _________________,19_________

(Form of Coupon)

"No. ________ $30.00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of January ),19______________, the City of Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars, in Gold Coin of the
United States of America, at present standard, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semiannual interest then due on its Highway Bond, dated___________________

,19__________. Series 1923.

AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED: That the Mayor be and he is authorized and directed to
sign, and the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby authorized and directed to attest and
cause to be published at least once a week for four consecutive weeks prior to the date of
sale in Las Vegas Age and in Las Vegas Review, both being weekly newspapers published in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, of general circulation, printed and pub-
lished in said City of Las Vegas, a notice of the sale of said Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923
Series), to be in substantially the following form, to-wit:

"NOTICE OF SALE OF LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS (1923 Series)

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, having complied with the requirements of an Act of the
Legislature of the State of Nevada, entitled "An Act authorizing the Board of city commissi oners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a
highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with route 6 of the state highway system of
the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special or general elections
before the issuance of any such bonds" approved March 5,1923, and all acts and parts of acts
amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto, hereby offer for sale Thirty Thousand Dollars
($30,000) Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923 Series), said bonds to be dated September 1, 1923, and
delivered on or before September 15,1923, with accrued interest. Said bonds are to be issued in
denominations of One Thousand Dollars ($1000) each, numbered one to thirty consecutively,
both numbers inclusive; lot to bear interest annually at the rate of 6% per annum from date
thereof, payable semiannually, the interest to bo due on the 1st day of July and the 2nd day
of January, of each and every year thereafter, and interest shall cease on each bond as soon
as the same matures. Said bonds and interest thereon to be payable in Cold Coin of the
United States of America.

Bonds 1 and 2 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1925; Bonds 3
and 4 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1926; Bonds 5 and 6 to be-
come due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1927; Bonds 7 and 8 to become due and
payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1928; Bonds 9 and 10 to become due and payable on
or before the 1st day of July, 1929; Bonds 11 and 12 to become due and payable on or before
the 1st day of July, 1930; Bonds 13 and 14 to become due and payable on or before the 1st
day of July, 1931; Bonds 15 and 16 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of
July, 1932; Bonds 17 and 18 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1933;
Bonds 19 and 20 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1934; Bonds 21
and 22 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1935; Bonds 23 and 24 to
become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1936; Bonds 25 and 26 to become due
and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1937; Bonds 27 and 28 to become due and payable
on or before the 1st day of July, 1938; Bonds 29 and 30 to become due and payable on or before
the 1st day of July, 1939.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance, the
lowest bond to be first paid and redeemed.

Said bonds and interest are to be payable at the office of the City Treasurer, at the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

All bids for said bonds must be sealed and addressed to the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, at Las Vegas ,Clark County, Nevada, endorsed upon the envelope so as to indi-
cate the character of their contents.

Bids must be in the hands of the City Clerk on or before the 27th day of August, 1923 at
the hour of 4 o'clock P.M. All bids must be accompanied by a certified check in an amount
equal to at least one per cent of the amount bid, payable to the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas. Said certified check to be returned to the bidders whose bids are rejected,
and to be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas of the maker of any bid refuse to take up and
pay for said bonds on or before Sept. 15, 1923, after the notice of the acceptance of his bid
therefor.

Bids will not be received at less than par value.

The Board reserves the right to reject any and all bids and sell the bonds at not less
than par value at private sale if they deem it for the best interests of said City.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas by

and through it's Mayor has hereunto set it's corporate name and caused the same to be

attested with it's Seal by the City Clerk this 19th day of July, 1923

City of Las Vegas

By W.C. German

Mayor

ATTEST:

Florence S. Doherty
City Clerk.

BE-.IT FURTHER RESOLVED that Monday, the 27th day of August, 1923, at 7:30 o'clock P.M.
be and the same is hereby fixed as the time for opening such bids.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby ordered and directed to
communicate and directed to communicate with various printing establishments for the pur-
pose of securing prices for the printing of said bonds.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Elwell and
Arnold, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, none, and said Resolution was by the Mayor
declared duly carried.

At this time there appeared before the Board a committee from the Chamber of Commerce
consisting of Dr. R.W. Martin and Mr. A.S. Henderson who had been appointed to confer with this
Board regarding the establishment of a public camping ground for tourists. After some
discussion the Mayor appointed a committee of three to confer with the committee from the
Chamber of Commerce, with instructions to make inquiries and report back to the Board.
Those appointed were Mayor German, Commissioner Anderson and Commissioner Elwell.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield it was ordered
that the Board adjourn until Tuesday the 24th day of July, 1923, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock
p.m., when it shall convene for the purpose of discussing matters relating to street pav-
ing and to such other matters as may come before the Board at that time.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY
NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. July 24,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las egas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 24th day of July, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor W.C. German , with Commissioners C.R. Shield and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk. Commissioners W.E. Arnold and A.R. Anderson
were absent.

The claim of C.A. Bryant in the sum of $50.00 was ordered returned for more detailed
itemization, and ith instructions to have same okehed by Commissioner Arnold.

Commissioner Elwell was directed , upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by
Mayor German, to have a new roof put on the Library building, the present roof having
been badly damaged by storm. Voting on said motion Commissioners Shield and Elwell, and
His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was the
order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that
the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 7th day of August, A.D.
1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion Commissioners Elwell,
Shield and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

Las Vegas, Nevada. August 7,1923

a regular meeting of the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
held on the 7th day of August, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon.

W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and W.H. Elwell, together with
the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.E. Arnold being absent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the clerk of this Board.

At this time W.R. Bracken appeared before the Board and outlined plans of the Las Vegas
Land and Water company for improvements to be made to the present water system of Las Vegas,
and there followed a discussion of possible changes and improvements to be made to the city
fire hydrants. Definite action towards securing those improvements was deferred until the
next regular meeting of the Board.

The communication of City Treasurer J.M. Ullom regarding side walk assessments was
referred to the City Attorney for action.

Communications from the Woodlawn Cemetery Board were read and ordered placed on file.
Communications from the Red Cross Disaster Committee re the Goldfield fire were
read and ordered placed on file.

At this time it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commis-
sioner Shield, that Harley A. Harmon be and he is hereby employed to perform the duties of
the office of City attorney, during the absence of F.A .Stevens, City Attorney, with the understand-
ing that compensation for the services of the said Harley A. Harmon will be paid by the said

F.A. Stevens. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the petition of P.E. Swisher and John E. Kingsbury
for a Gaming License (2 games) at the Thomas Building on First Street, the same having been
heretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon, it was the order
of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said
license be issued to the said John E. Kingsbury and P.E. Swisher. Voting Commissioners Anderson,
Shield, and Biwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The City Clerk was directed to communicate with the Hon. W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada with regard to securing the use of the
power lawn mower belonging to the County for Woodlawn Cemetery.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered
that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to issue the following proclamation:

I,	W.C. GERMAN, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
do hereby declare Friday the tenth day of August, 1923, a day of mourning
at the death of our beloved President Warren G. Harding, and request
that in respect to his memory all places of business throughout the
City remain closed between the hours of one o'clock and five o'clock
P.M. of said day.

It is further requested that all citizens join in a solemn obser-
vance of these hours.

(Signed) W.C. German

Mayor

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 8th day of August, 1923, and sealed
with the official seal of said City.

(SEAL)

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that
the Board adjourn until Monday the 27th day of August, A.D. 1923, at the hour of
	

seven thirty o'clock P.M. when it shall convene for the purpose of selling the proposed

	

issue of Las Vegas Highway Bonds, and for such other business as may come before 

the Board at that time.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. August 27, 1933.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 27th day of August, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with members A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, member W.E. Arnold being
absent.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las



Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the receiving and opening of bids on $30,000.00 Las Vegas
State Highway Bonds as heretofore authorized to be sold by the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, by and through a notice duly given by said Board
the same having been published at least once a week for four consecutive weeks prior to the
date of sale in Las Vegas Age and Las Vegas Review, both being weekly newspapers published
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of Nevada, of general circulation, and the
Clerk of said Board having presented said notice to the Board with the affidavits of the
respective Publishers duly sworn to, said notice being in the following form with the
affidavits of Publishers thereunto attached:

"NOTICE OF SALE OF LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS (1923 Series).

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, having complied with the requirements of an Act of the
Legislature of the State of Nevada, entitled "An Act authorizing the board of city commission-
ers of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction
of a highway through the said City of Las Vegas to connect with route 6 of the state high-
way system of the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special
or general elections before the issuance of any such bonds", approved March 5,1923 and all
acts and parts of acts amendatory thereof or supplemental thereto, hereby offer for sale
Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000) Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923 Series), said Bonds to be
dated September 1,1923, and delivered on or before September 15,1923,with accrued interest.
Said bonds are to be issued in denominations of One Thousand Dollars ($1000) each, numbered
one to thirty consecutively, both numbers inclusive; lot to bear interest annually at the
rate of 6% per annum from date thereof, payable semi-annually, the interest to be due on the
1st day of July and the 2nd day of January of each and every year thereafter, and interest
shall cease on each bond soon as the same matures. Said bonds and interest thereon payable
in Gold Coin of he United States of America.

Bonds 1 and 2 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1925; Bonds
3 and 4 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1926; Bonds 5 and 6 to
become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1927; Bonds 7 and 8 to become due
and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1928; Bonds 9 and 10 to become due and pay-
able on or before the 1st day of July, 1929; Bonds 11 and 12 to become due and payable
on or before the 1st day of July, 1930; Bonds 13 and 14 to become due and payable on
or before the 1st day of July, 1931; Bonds 15 and 16 to become due and payable on or be-
fore the 1st day of July, 1932; Bonds 17 and 18 to become due and payable on or before
the 1st day of July, 1933; Bonds 19 and 20 to become due and payable on or before the
1st day of July, 1934; Bonds 21 and 22 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day
of July, 1935; Bonds 23 and 24 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July,

1936; Bonds 25 and 26 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1937;

Bonds 27 and 28 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1938; Bonds
29 and 30 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1939.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance,
the lowest bond to be first paid and redeemed.

Said bonds and interest are to be payable at the office of the City treasurer, at
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

All bids for said bonds must be sealed and addressed to the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, endorsed upon the envelope so as to in-
dicate the character of their contents.

Bids must be in the. hands of the City Clerk on or before the 27th day of August, 1923,
at the hour of four o'clock P.M.

All bids must be accompanied by a certified check in an amount equal to at least
one per cent of the amount bid, payable to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas. Said
check to be returned to the bidders whose bids are rejected, and to be forfeited to the
City of Las Vegas if the maker of any bid refuse to take up and pay for said bonds on or
before Sept. 15, 1923, after the notice of the acceptance of his bid therefor.

Bids will not be received at less than par value.

The Board reserves the right to reject any and allbids and. sell the bonds at not less
than par value at private sale if they deem it for the best interests of said City.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
by and through it's Mayor has hereunto set it's corporate name and caused the same to be
attested with it's Seal by the City Clerk this 19th day of July, 1923.

City of Las Vegas

By W.C.German

	Mayor

ATTEST:

Florence S. Doherty
City Clerk.

(SEAL)

First Publication	July 28, 1923.

 Last Publication	August 25, 1923.

	Affidavit of Publication.

 STATE OF NEVADA

County of Clark

CHAS. P. SQUIRES, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is publisher of the

Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Notice of Sale of Las Vegas High-
way Bonds (1923 Series) was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Five
weeks from July 28, 1923 to August 25, 1923 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to wit:

July 28; August 4, 11, 18, 25, 1923.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each the dates above named. That
the same was $______.

Signed Chas. P. Squires.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day of August 1923.

Florence S. Doherty.
City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION.

First Publication July 27, 1923
Last Publication August 24, 1923.

Chas. C. Corkhill, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is a citizen of the United
States, over the age of eighteen years; that he is the publisher of the Clark County Review, a weekly
newspaper of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and that
the Notice of Sale of Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923 Series), of which the attached is a true and
correct copy, was published in said paper five consecutive issues, on the following dates, to wit:

July 27; August 3, 10, 17, 24, 1923.

Signed Chas. C. Corkhill	

Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 27th day of August A. D. 1923.

Florence S. Doherty.

City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

It therefore appearing to the Board that due notice of sale has been
given, the Clerk was thereupon ordered , on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Shield, to open all bids then in her hands relating to the sale of Thirty Thousand
($30,000) Dollars Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923 Series), whereupon the Clerk presented the
following bids:

August 27,1923.

Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.	

Gentlemen:

For $30,000 Direct Obligation 6% Las Vegas Highway Bonds, with full
number of coupons attached, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, dated
September 1st, 1923, maturing $2,000 on July 1st in each of the years
1925 to 1939, inclusive, interest payable semi-annually oh January
2nd and July 1st in each year both interest and principal payable
at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in denominations of $1,000 each, we will pay you upon delivery of said
bonds to us at such banking point as we may designate, free of exchange
and collection charges, the par value of said bonds, $30,000.00, ac-
crued interest from date of bonds to date of delivery to us, and a pre-
mium of $666.00.

Bonds are to be legally issued and in form satisfactory to our attor-
neys and prior to delivery of said bonds you are to furnish us with
a complete certified transcript of all proceedings had incident to
the issuance of said bonds, evidencing their legality to the sat-
isfaction of our attorneys, and you agree promptly to adopt such pro-
ceedings and to take such steps as may be necessary to make said bonds
legal in their opinion. We agree to take delivery of said bonds as
soon as they may be legally issued and delivered to the satisfaction
of our attorneys.

We hand you herewith our certified check number 4022 on Walker Brothers'
Bankers of Salt Lake City for $325.00. This check is to beheld uncashed
by you as evidence of our good faith in this transaction and applied
as part payment on the purchase price when the bonds are delivered to us.
In case this offer, which is for immediate acceptance only, is rejected,
or if the legality of the bonds is not approved by our attorneys this
check is to be returned to us immediately. Said check to be forfeited
to the City as full liquidated damages in case we fail to comply with the
terms of this bid.

Respectfully submitted

CENTRAL TRUST COMPANY

L.P. Van Voorhees

Manager Bond Department
August 27, 1923

Honorable Board of City Commissioners
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.



Gentlemen:

For §30,000, par value, City of Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1923
Series), to be dated September 1st, 1923, to be in denomination
of $1,000 each, to mature serially without option of prior
payment as follows; §2,000 July 1st, 1925, and $2,000 each year
thereafter up to and including July 1st, 1939, both principal
and interest to be payable at the office of the City Treas-
urer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, interest payable semi-
annually on the 2nd days of January and the 1st day of July
in each year, each of said bonds to have attached thereto
interest coupons representing the interest to the maturity
of said bonds. We will pay you upon delivery of said bonds
to us in Salt Lake City, Utah, free from exchange or collec-
tion charges, as follows:

Fro bonds bearing interest at the rate of 6% per annum, we will
pay you the cum of §1011.70 and accrued interest for each
$1,000 of bonds issued and delivered to us.

For bonds bearing interest at the rate of 5 3/4% per annum, we will
pay you the sum of §993.16 and accrued interest for each §1000
of bonds issued and delivered to us.

For bonds bearing, interest at the rate of 5 1/2% per annum, we
will pay you the sum of §976.20 and accrued interest for each
§1,000 of bonds issued and delivered to us.

Prior to the delivery of said bonds to us we are to be furnished
with a complete certified transcript of all proceedings had
incident to the issuance of said bonds, evidencing their legality 

to the satisfaction of our attorneys, and you agree to
adopt such further proceedings and take such steps as our
attorneys may direct to the end that said bonds may in their
opinion be legally issued and delivered to us without undue
or unnecessary delay .

The attached certified check for $300 payable to the order of
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is to be forth-
with returned to our representative if this offer which is for
immediate acceptance only, is rejected or if the legality of
the issue is not approved by our attorneys Otherwise, it is to
be retained by you as an evidence of our good faith in this
transaction, and applied as part payment for said bonds when
same are delivered to us in accordance with the terms of this
offer, or is to be forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
as full liquidated damages in the event that we fail or refuse
to accept end pay for said bonds when same are tendered to us
in accordance with the terms of this offer.

Respectfully submitted,

PALMER BOND & MORTGAGE COMPANY

By Edwin S. Felt

SUPPLEMENTARY OFFER.

Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

In the event the City of Las Vegas will sell
bonds maturing twenty years after date instead of bonds
due serially we will pay you $10 per bond more or
$300 more than our offer for bonds as advertised.

PALMER BOND & MORTGAGE COMPANY
By Edwin S. Felt

August 24,1923.

Mrs. Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk, Clark County,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mrs. Doherty:

The State of Nevada bids §31,424.40 and accrued
interest to date of delivery for that block of Las Vegas High-
way Bonds of a par value of §30,000 bearing interest at 6 percent 

per annum and maturing in accordance with your advertise-
ment of July 19,1923.

Very sincerely yours,

Gilbert C. Ross

Secretary, State Board Finance
August 24, 1933.

Honorable Board of City Commissioners:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

For $30,000 General Obligation City of
Las Vegas, Nevada Highway Bonds (1923 Series), dated
September 1, 1923, due serially $2,000 July 1st in each of the
years 1925 to 1939 inclusive, interest payable semi-
annually July 1st and January 2nd of each year, both
principal and semi-annual interest payable as required
by law; we will, upon delivery of the bonds to us in
Denver, Colorado free of exchange or collection charges
in legal form satisfactory to our attorneys, pay you at
the rate of $983.85 for each $1,000 of bonds. We will
also pay all accrued interest from date of bonds to
date of delivery. We further agree to furnish such addi-
tional legal procedure as necessary together with the
blank bonds, without additional charge.

Prior to the delivery of the bonds, it is understood
that your Board of Commissioners will promptly take
such steps and adopt such procedure as our attorneys
might require to the end that the bonds are issues in
legal form satisfactory to our attorneys, and delivered
to us under the above terms without unnecessary delay.

Herewith our certified check No. 29697 in the amount of
$300, payable to the order of your City Clerk, as evidence
of our good faith in the transaction under the above
terms, the same to be held uncashed provided we are the
successful bidders, and in such case to be eventually
applied as part payment for the bonds when delivered to
us in accordance with the above terms; otherwise, this
check is to be promptly returned to us.

This bid is for immediate acceptance.

Respectfully submitted,

Boettcher, Porter & Company

By E.W. Willard

Buying Department.

August 27,1923.

Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

For your legally issued bond issue of $30,000.00
to be dated September 1,1923, and to become due and payable
as follows:

2 bonds on the 1st day of July, 1925, and 2 bonds
each year thereafter on the 1st day of July;
bonds to bear 6% interest, principal and interest
to be payable at the office of the Las Vegas City
Treasurer,

We hereby offer you $1011.80, plus accrued interest for each
$1,000.00 bond.

Enclosed herewith is a certified check for $300.00
as evidence of good faith , to be retained by Las Vegas City
as liquidated damages, in case we do not take up and pay for
these bonds on or before September 15, 1923, provided they are
sold to us.

It is understood that this bid is for immediate
acceptance only, and in case it is rejected the check will
be immediately returned to our representative.

It is also understood that this bid is based upon
the legality of the bonds to be issued, and it is further
understood that in case there is a necessary delay in the
approval of their legality by our attorneys, or incase of
a delay in your furnishing us with the proper papers and
transcripts requested, that there will be allowed to us
the necessary extension of time after September 15,1923,
for us to take up and pay for these bonds.

Sincerely yours,

BENWELL PHILLIPS & CO.

By Lauren W. Gibb

For bonds same as above except with 5 3/4% interest 994.52 for
each 1000.00 bond.


For bonds same as above except with 5 1/2% interest 977.20

for each 1000.00 bond.

Whereupon, after due consideration, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded

by Commissioner Elwell and unanimously carried, the following resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and instrict compliance with the provisions and authority of
the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74 of
the Laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the State
of Nevada, entitled: "An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said
City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada,
and providing for the ratification thereof by special pr general election before the issuance
of any such bonds," approved March 5, 1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its
bonds in a sum not to exceed $50,000 for the purposes of constructing a highway through the
City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada;
and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the

requirements of Secs. 2, 3, 4 and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of

Nevada, the question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount
of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) was submitted to the qualified electors of the City of
Las Vegas, in the	 County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a general city election held in said City of

Las Vegas on the 8th day of May, 1923, notice of which election having been first duly given strictly

as provided by law, and at which election more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of
the issuance of said bonds, and the result of the vote upon said question of the issuance of
said bonds having been duly certified to this Board by the election boards conducting said election
and the result of the vote on said question of the issuance of said bonds having been by this Board
at a meeting duly and regularly held on the 16th day of May, 1923, declared in the manner and form
and at the same time as other returns of said general city election were canvassed and proclaimed;
and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas
have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($50,000); and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($50,000) of said highway bonds have been authorized by said Act of the Legislature
of the State of Nevada, and such issuance ratified by the vote of the qualified electors of the
City of Las Vegas at a general city election, hold as aforesaid; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, deems it advisable for
the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Vegas
Highway Bonds in the sum of Thirty Thousand Dollars ($30,000) of said authorized issue of
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) of said bonds; and said Board, having received several offers, does



after due consideration, approved the bid as submitted by the State of Nevada, said bid, in the



judgment of the Board, being the highest and best bid submitted to said Board,



NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, does hereby accept the bid of the State of Nevada of $31,424.40 and

accrued interest, as is more fully set forth in their bid hereinabove referred to, said bid being

in excess of par and accrued interest, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED AND ORDERED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as follows:

Section 1: That for the purpose of providing funds to be used in aiding in the
construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the
State Highway system of the State of Nevada,, there shall be executed, issued and delivered to

the State of Nevada, the lawful purchaser of said bonds in the principal aggregate sum of
$30,000.00, composed of thirty (30) bonds numbered consecutively from one (1) to thirty (30)
both numbers inclusive, of the denomination of one thousand ($1,000.00) dollars each, dated
September 1st, 1923, and absolutely due and payable in numerical order serially as follows:

Bonds 1 and 2 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July 1925; Bonds 3
and 4 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1926; Bonds 5 and 6 to become due
and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1927; Bonds 7 add 8 to become due and payable on
or before the 1st day of July, 1928; Bonds 9 and 10 to become due and payable on or before the
1st day of July, 1929; Bonds 11 and 12 to become due end payable on or before the 1st day of
July 1930; Bonds 13 and 14 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July 1931;

Bonds 15 and 16 to become due or payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1932; Bonds 17 and 18
to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1933; Bonds 19 and 20 to become due
and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1934; Bonds 21 and 22 to become due and payable
on or before the 1st day of July, 1935; Bonds 23 and 24 to become due and payable on or before
the 1st day of July, 1936; Bonds 25 and 26 to become due and payable on or before the first
day of July, 1957; Bonds 27 and 28 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July,

1938, Bonds 29 and	30 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1939.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance the lowest 

bond to be the first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said bonds shall
have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest installment
to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall be pay-
able in Gold Coin of the United States of America , at present standard at the office of the
City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas, County, of Clark, State of
Nevada. Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same mature.

Section 2; And it is further resolved by the Board, that the Thirty Thousand ($30,000)

dollar bond issue be, and the Clerk is hereby authorized to have printed, a coupon bond, and

said bond shall be in substantially the following form, respectively, to-wit:

( Form of Bond )

" No__________                               UNITED STATES OF AMERICA	$1000.00

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS
(1923 Series )

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to be
indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay to bearer on the _____ day of	

19_______, the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest thereon from date

hereof until paid, at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the
first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest to the date of the
maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the
annexed interst coupons as they severally become due. Interest on this bond shall cease on
the date when the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this bond are
payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard, at the office of
the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the
prompt payment of the principal and interest of these bonds as they respectively become due,
the full faith, credit and resources of said City are hereby irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities,
issued for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with
Route 6 of the State Highway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at
which more than a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said
bonds, and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is
authorized by and issued in full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and laws
of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the Sessions Laws of said State for the year 1923
and all acts of the Legislature amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required by the
Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed precedent to
and in the issuance of this bond, have existed, happened and have been performed in regular and
due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond, together with
all other indebtedness of said City, does not exceed any constitutional or statutory limitation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond
to be signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City Treasurer, and authenticated
by the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the
lithographed facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond to be dated
the______________ day of ___________________,19________.

(FORM OF COUPON)

"No.	$30.00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of January), 19______, the City of Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars, in Gold Coin of the United
States of America, at present standard, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi annual interest then due on its Highway Bond, dated _______________,

19_____________, Series ______________________.

(FOLLOWING TO APPEAR ON BACK OF BOND:)

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
NO.

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BOND (SERIES 1923)

$1000.

PER	( 6% ) CENT

SEMI-ANNUALLY
January 2nd and July 1st.

Prepared and issued by

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.


Section 3: That each of said bonds herein authorized shall be signed by the Mayor of the said
Board of City Commissioners and by the  Clerk of this Board and by
her sealed with the corporate seal of said City, which seal shall be impressed thereon and to
be countersigned by the Treasurer of said City, as above set

forth, and said Officers are hereby authorized, ordered and directed to cause said bonds to be
prepared substantially in the form respectively hereinabove set forth and to execute the same
for, and on behalf of said City as in the manner aforesaid; that after their execution, said
bonds and each of them shall be by the City Treasurer of said
City, delivered to the State of Nevada the lawful purchaser, upon the payment of the aggregate
purchase price, to-wit: Thirty-one thousand, Four hundred twenty four and Forty Hundredths
($31,424.40) dollars and accrued interest, and when said bonds shall have been delivered to said
purchaser legality of the indebtedness created by said bonds or the levying and collection
of taxes for their payment, shall not be open to contest by any person or persons, corporation
or corporations, or by said City for any reason whatever.

Section 4:	And it is hereby ordered and directed that any interest falling due on said

Highway Bonds on or before December 1,1924, shall be and the same is hereby ordered apportioned
and paid by the City Treasurer of said City from the General
funds of said City or out of any funds belonging to said City not otherwise apportioned and
for the purpose of providing necessary funds to reimburse said General Fund or other fund
or funds for the amount of any money borrowed from it, and also to pay the interest accrued
on said bonds subsequent to December 1,1924, promptly and after the same falls due and to con-
stitute and maintain a fund to be designated "Las Vegas Highway Bonds (Series 1923) redemption
and sinking fund", sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds promptly when and as the same
fall due and to discharge the principal of said bonds promptly at their maturity, and there

shall be levied and collected annually a sufficient tax on all property, both real and per-



within the boundaries of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to pay the interest on said bonds as
the same accrues according to the tenor and the maturity thereof, the principal of said bonds
at the time provided therein and hereinabove set forth in this resolution. Such tax shall be
levied and collected in the same manner and at the same time as taxes are assessed and collect-
ed in said City of Las Vegas, and the proceeds thereof shall be kept by the
City Treasurer in a special fund .

Section 5. That it be and it is hereby certified, recited and warranted that all con-
ditions, acts and things necessary and essential to the validity of the bonds of said City in
this order mentioned, and required by law to be done, have been duly done and performed and the
proceeds to be derived from the issue of said bonds are immediately necessary for the purpose
aforesaid.

Section 6. That the Mayor and Clerk of this Board and the Treasurer of said City, or
any or either of them are hereby authorized, ordered and directed to furnish the purchaser of
said bonds sufficient transcripts and other documents and proceedings preliminary to the
issue and delivery of said bonds and the legality and sufficiency thereof and validity of
said bonds and the acts of said officers in the premises are hereby declared ratified, approved
From the roll call the voting results were as follows: Commissioners A.R. Anderson,
C.R. Shield and W.H. Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, voting Aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner W.E. Arnold absent.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time two suggested ordinances for pro-


posed ordinance No. 102 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 6 of Ord. 

No. 77, entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a 

license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, 

and repealing all Ordinances in conflict therewith', and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding two
new sections thereto to be known as Sections 6a and 6b respectively, and to repeal all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with said amendments." After considera-
ble discussion action on said proposed ordinances was deferred until some future time.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 4th
day of September, A.D. 1923.

and confirmed.

Section 7. That the provisions of this resolution and order and each of the bonds
issued and delivered pursuant hereto, shall be and do constitute, and the same are
hereby declared to be a binding and irrevocable contract between said City and pur-
chaser and holder or holders of said bonds from time to time.

Section 8: That all resolutions and orders or parts thereof of this Board in con-
flict with the provisions hereof, or which might in any manner prevent the issuance or
delivery or impair the validity of said bonds be and the same are hereby repealed, rescinded 

and annulled and this resolution and order shall be irrepealable until the in-
debtedness hereby created both as to principal and interest, shall by said City have
been fully paid, certified and discharged.

Approved this 27th day of August, A.D. 1923.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. September 4th, 1923.



At a regular meeting of the Board of  City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held on the 4th day of September, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk of this Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board excepting
the Claim of the Nevada Garage in the sum of $41.16 which was laid over for further
consideration it being the opinion of this Board that this is not a proper charge
against the City.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Tuesday the 18th day
of September, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. September 18th, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 18th day of September A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-
thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson,
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Clerk and City Attorney. Commissioner C.R.
Shield was absent.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

It appearing to the Board that one of the members of the Board, W.E. Arnold,

has died, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner

Anderson, that the following Resolution be entered upon the minutes of the Board:

WHEREAS, and All Wise Providence has seen fit to call from earthly activities
one of our members, W.E. Arnold, sad

WHEREAS, through the passing of our brother commissioner this Board loses
a sincere and faithful worker; the City of Las Vegas a loyal servant,
and his family a kind and affectionate husband and father,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that we the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in regular adjourned meeting assembled 
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. October 2nd, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada ,
held on the 2nd day of October, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present
Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioner A.R. Anderson and C.R. Shield, together with the City
Clerk and Acting City Attorney, Harley A. Harmon, Esq. Commissioner Elwell absent.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved as read on motion of
Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield. Voting Commissioners Anderson and
Shield, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Reports of officers read and approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of this Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board excepting that



the claim of L.H. Rockwell in the sum of $5.60 was ordered returned for more definite designation as to the locality
in which the work was performed; the claim of Leo A. Crowley in the sum of $21.00 was ordered laid
over for farther investigation.

At this time the Clerk presented the Application of J.H. Morgan for a gaming license,

( 5 games) at the Vegas Bar, the same having been heretofore approved by the Police and Fire

Commissioner C.R. Shield, whereupon, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner

Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield that said application be granted and the Clerk be



and she is hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said J.H. Morgan. Voting
Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of H.W. Ball for a gaming license, (2 games)
at the Big Four , the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner
Shield, whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, and duly carried, that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is
hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said H.W. Ball. Voting Commissioners
Anderson, Shield and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

do hereby express our sincere sympathy for the severe loss
suffered by the loved ones and friends of the said W.E.

Arnold, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of this Board be
and she is hereby directed to transmit a certified copy of
this Resolution to the widow of the said W.E. Arnold .

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Anderson and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, on
motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, and duly carried, that the Board
adjourn until the nest regular meeting to be held on Tuesday, the 2nd day of October, A.D. 1923,
at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Shield and Anderson and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. noes, none.
Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L.R. Skinner for gaming license

( 2 games) at the Overland Bar, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire

Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Shield,

seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and

she is hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said L.R. Skinner. Voting,
Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none .

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.T. McLaurine and R.W. Hewitt for

a gaming license ( 2 games) at the Exchange Pool Room, the same having been theretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was the order of the Board upon motion of
Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said application be granted and
that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said

J.T. McLaurine and R.W. Hewitt. Voting, Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor
W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of L.W. Stocker for a gaming license
(4 games) at the Northern Hotel, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was the order of the Board on motion of Commissioner
Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that said application be granted and that the Clerk
be and she is hereby directed to issue a license as set forth above to the said L.W. Stocker.
Voting Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none,

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of P.E. Swisher for a gaming license

( 2 games) at the Thomas Bldg, on First St., the same having been theretofore approved by


Police and Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was the order of the Board on motion of Commissioner Anderson, 

seconded by Com. Shield that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue 

a license a set forth above to the, said P.E. Swisher. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German ,Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of B.L. Williams for a gaming
license ( 2 games) at the Bldg, adjoining the First State Bank on First Street, the same
having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Shield, whereupon, it was
the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield,
that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue
a license as set forth above to the said B.L. Williams. Voting Commissioners Anderson and
Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

September 18,1923.

To The Honorable Mayor and Board of Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada .

Gentlemen:

Section Ten, Ordinance Ninety-three, provides for the payment
of a fee of $15.00 for arrest and conviction in certain cases.

The cases herein mentioned have been acted upon in Municipal
Court and the records show that fees in these cases have not yet been
paid.

Name	Fine Paid	Fee Due

Carl Wasserbach	$295.00	$15.00

James Lyons	275.00	15.00

W.W. Cantrell	150.00	15.00

P.H. Toohey	150.00	15.00

Mrs. P.E. Swisher	200.00	_____15.00_____

Amount due	475.00

Your attention to this matter will be greatly appreciated.

Respectfully yours

Leo A. Crowley

Chief of Police.

whereupon it was the order of the Board, after due consideration, upon motion of Commissioner
Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the above mentioned claim in the sum of
$75.00 for the arrest and conviction in the cases therein named, be and the same is hereby
allowed, and ordered paid. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and His Honor the Mayor,

W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none,
Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the
Board adjourn until Tuesday the 9th day of October, A.D 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, Aye, Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, OCTOBER 9, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 9th day of October, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. Present, His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and there appearing to be no comissions or corrections,
same were approved as read.

At this time the city Attorney brought to the attention of the Board the application of S. W.
Craner to be allowed to increase the rates for water service in Backs Addition, and it appearing
to the Board that seme recommendation in the matter should be made by said Board to the Public
Service Commission, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, Seconded by
Commissioner Anderson, that a committee consisting of the whole Board shall make personal in-
vestigation of the situation on Wednesday, Oct. 10, 1923. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield
and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye, Noes, None.

At this time the Clerk read the following Communication:-

October 4, 1923.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

	

Gentlemen:

We beg to call your attention to the paragraph in City Ordinance No. 81
pertaining to the quarterly tax on banking institutions in the City of Las Vegas.

This places a flat rate of thirty dollars per quarter on banks which we have paid
under protest, for the past year and a half.

It is our understanding that the intent of the ordinance as originally
drafted, was to place all business houses, as nearly as possible, on an equitable
basis. For instance, the rate on hotels is based on a schedule that places a
heavier tax on a large hotel than on a small one. Pool halls and a number of
other businesses are taxed on a similar equitable basis.

We feel that, in view of the fact that we are a new and a small institution,
we have been paying an unfair and an unjust rate and refer you to past published
statements of the banks in Las Vegas as evidence of this fact.

We petition your August body to, either by amendment or new ordinance, adjust
this matter so that oar tax will be equitable with that of other similar institutions
here.

Respectfully,

BANK OF SOUTHERN NEVADA, INC.

By H. D. Buzick,

Cashier.
Thereupon John F. Miller also appeared before the Board with a recommendation for the amendment
 of ordinance relating to the banking business.

It appearing to the Board at this time that there are several changes which should be made
in the license fees now in effect, it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner
Anderson seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the Board meet as a committee Friday October 12,
1923, at seven-thirty O'clock p.m., at the office of F. A. Stevens, for the purpose of dis-
cussing a general revision of the license ordinance. Voting Commissioners Andersen, Shield
and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor Aye, Noes, none.

At this time it was brought to the attention of the Board that the State Tax Commission
has recommended that the tax rate for the City of Las Vegas be reduced from .76 on each one

hundred dollars worth of property, to .68 on each one hundred dollars worth of property, and it

appearing to the Board that the assessed valuation of the City of Las Vegas is $2,231,803,00
the sum of $231,803.00 in excess of the estimated valuation at the time of making the budget for the
year 1923, and

IT FURTHER APPEARING to the Board that a tax rate of .68 on each one hundred dollars worth
of property at present assessed valuation will raise the sum of $15,176.26 or the equivalent of

the amount which would be raised by a tax rate of $.76 on a $2,000,000.00 valuation as estimated

and

IT FURTHER APPEARING TO the Board that the sum of $15,176.26 will be sufficient to cover the
needs of the City of Las Vegas as set forth in the budget for the year 1923,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that the tax rate of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1923 be,
and the same is hereby finally fixed at .68 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable prop-
erty, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the sum of .$68 collected on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas shall be distributed as
follows:-

FUND	RATE	AMT.
Salary	 $.12	2678.16
Bond interest	.075	1673.85
Bond Redemption	.13	2901.34
Note	.145	3236.12
Light	.145	3236.12
Cemetery	.o65	1450.67
Total	$ .68	$15,176.26

Said Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner, Elwell
and the following vote, Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C.
German, Age. Noes, none.

At this time the question of paving the sixteen foot strip on either side of the proposed



eighteen foot strip of Fremont street through the business district came on for discussion and it
appearing to the Board that a number of property owners are desirous of having this paving done at
the same time the eighteen foot strip is constructed with Federal Aid, the following resolution was
adopted on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell;-

BE IT RESOLVED that the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby directed to request C.C.
Boyer, Division Engineer of the Department of State Highways to furnish this Board at his earliest
possible convenience with an estimate of the cost of the construction of a sixteen foot strip of
concrete highway on each side of the proposed eighteen foot highway on Fremont Street, extending
from the center of main street to the center of third street and the file with such estimate nec-
essary plats and diagrams.
Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The question of the appointment of a plumbing Inspector was deferred for further discussion.

The claims of C.A. French and Fred Hood in the sums of $84.00 and $132.00 respectively were
held up for investigation. The claim of J. W. Woodard was reduced from $39.70 to $20.08 it
appearing that requisitions accompanying said claim totaled the sum of $20.08.

There being no farther business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered on motion
of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the Board adjourn until Monday the
15th day of October at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield
and Elwell and His Honor the mayor W.C. German Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. OCT. 15, 1923.

At a Tegular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of October, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Present
Hon. W. C. German, the Mayor, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson, C. R. Shield and W. H. Elwell, to-
gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration the schedule of rates as presented by S. W. Cramer
to the public Service Commission, and it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by
Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried, that said schedule of rates be recommended for adoption with
the provision that the server, S. W. Craner supply the users with plenty of water. Voting Comm-
issioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it appearing to the Board that the Fair Board as requested that the mayor be authorized
to issue a proclamation for all business houses to close between the hours of one and five p. m. on two
days of the Fair it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Shield,
and duly carried that the mayor be and he is hereby authorized to confer with the Fair Board and to
issue a proclamation requesting all business houses to close between the hours of one and five p.m. on
one day during the Southern Nevada Fair. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell, and His
Honor the Mayor W. C. Germain, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner AnderSon , Seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered that hereafter
bills will be considered and acted upon only at the regular meetings held on the first Tuesday of every
month. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the mayor, W. C. German, Aye.

Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board, upon Motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell that the Clerk notify City Health officer, C. E. Bulette that it is the desire fo this
Board that he be present at the regular monthly meeting of said Board, held on the first Tuesday of each
month, and that he submit a report in writing at that time, Voting Commissioner Anderson, Shield and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, the following preambles and
Resolution ware duly adopted:

Whereas, on the 7th day of July, 1923 Carl Winegart, upon a plea of guilty to a charge of
unlawfully manufacturing, storing and keeping for sale intoxicating liquor in violation of
Ordinance No. 93 of the City of Las Vegas, was duly sentenced by the Municipal Judge in
the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas to pay a fine of Two hundred and ninety dollars
($290.00) and in default thereof to serve by imprisonment in the City Jail of the City
of Las Vegas one day for each two dollars of said fine, a total of one hundred and forty
days, and

Whereas in default of the payment of said fine, or any part thereof, said Carl Winegart was on
said 7th day of July, 1923 duly committed to the City Jail of said City of Las Vegas to
serve said sentence as aforesaid, and

Whereas, said Carl Winegart has since said 7th day July, 1923 been confined in said City Jail

under said committment and sentence, and is still confined in said City Jail under said comm-
ittment and sentence and has served one hundred (100) days of said sentence up to and including 

this 15th day of October 1923 and

Whereas, during the period of his incarceration of said Carl Winegart has proved himself a model

prisoner, trustworthy and industrious, and in the capacity of a "trusty" has well and faith-
fully performed valuable services for said City in driving the sprinkling truck of the
City for a long period of time, and also in the hauling of gravel for the street, and in
various other capacities, including valuable assistance in fire practice and at fires
occurring in said City, and

whereas, these matters have been brought to the attention of the Board of City Commissioners from

time to time by the Police Commissioner, the Chief of Police and other parties, and said
Board is convinced that this is a proper case for clemency.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, duly assembled
at an adjourned regular meeting of said Board on this 15th day of October, 1923, do hereby
recommend to the Board of Pardons and Parole of the State of Nevada, the remission of the
remainder of said fine so entered against said Carl Winegart, and the commutation of his
imprisonment for the remainder of the term necessary in the ordinary course to serve out
said fine; that a certified copy (certified by the city clerk) be made of this Resolution,
and immediately forwarded to said Board of Pardons and Parole, with request for speedy action
upon the application hereby made.

The vote of said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners C. R. Shield, W. H. Elwell,

A. R. Anderson, and his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, voting aye. Noes None.



At this time the City Attorney read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 102 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number 8 of Sec. 2 of Ordinance
No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance
No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the
purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted
or carried on within the corporation limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the
rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a
punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Or-
dinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35,' approved December 3, 1913 and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance
No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further amended March 5,1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City
of Las Vegas, and to amend Section 6 of said Ordinance No. 48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74,
and repealing all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," and same was passed to
the second reading upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell. Voting
Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the City Attorney read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 103 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled, " An Ordinance to Amend Section No. 1 of Ordinance No. 10 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled *An Ordinance Defining Vagrancy and Providing Penalties for Vag-
rancy,' and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances An conflict therewith", and upon
motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson,, the same was laid on the table
until the next regular meeting. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, Aye. His Honor

the Mayor, W.C. German, No. 

At this time the Mayor, W. C. German, asked the City Attorney whether it was permissible for
the Mayor to make or second a motion without vacating the chair, and was advised by the City
Attorney  that this Board is governed by no rules of order which would prohibit the Mayor from
either making or seconding a motion.

	Thereupon , there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, and duly
carried that the Board adjourn until Monday the 22nd day of October, 1923, at the hour of
seven thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. October 22nd ,1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las

	

Vegas, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of October, A.D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the estimate of Division Engineer C.C. Boyer for the paving of the sixteen
foot strips on each side of the proposed eighteen foot strip of concrete highway on Fremont
Street between Main and third streets, was considered, and it appearing to the Board that the
cost of constructing the same would be prohibitive for the City of Las Vegas, it was ordered
upon motion of Mayor W.C. German, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried, that
Mr. Boyer be and he is hereby requested to prepare a similar estimate of the cost of constructing
the sixteen foot strips of gravel instead of concrete, and that same be presented at the next
regular meeting of the Board to be held on the 6th day of November, 1923, at the hour of seven-
thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor
W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, second-
ed by Commissioner Elwell, that J.T. McWilliams be and he is hereby authorized to establish the
sidewalk grade on the east side of Fifth Street between Carson and Bridger Streets at a cost of
$25.00. Voting Commissioner Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C German, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no farther business to come before the Board at this time,
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the
Board adjourn until the next regular meeting, to be held on the 6th day of November, A.D. 1923,
at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Elwell, and His
Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 6, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark
County Nevada, held on the 6th day of November A. D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty O'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson C. R. Shield
and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there appearing to be no omissions or
corrections, the same were approved as read.



Reports of officers were read, approved, and ordered placed on file An the office of the

clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The bill of
Hunting and Drew in the sum of $28.00 was ordered held up until the original requisitions should be
presented.

On motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by commissioner Anderson, the clerk was directed
to notify Joe Keate to appear before the Board at a regular adjourned meeting to be held Tuesday,

Nov. 20, 1923, at seven thirty O'clock p. m., to show cause why his mercantile license at Ladd's resort
should not be revoked. Voting commissioners Anderson. Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the  Mayor
W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 20th day of November, A. D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'-
clock p. m. Present his Honor the Mayor W. C. German with Commissioners A. R. Anderson, C. R.
Shield and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

It appearing that the report on the test of the gravel for surfacing City Streets has not
been received it was the order on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Shield
that the Board adjourn until monday the 26th day of November at the hoar of seven-thirty o'clock

p.m. When it shall meet for the purpose of hearing said report and attending to such other

business as may come before the Board. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Anderson, Shield
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS.

NOVEMBER 26, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County nevada, hold on Monday the 26th day of November, A.D. 1923 at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock p. m. Present His Honor the Mayor C. German, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson

C. R. Shield and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by commissioner Shield, L. R. Hilkie was ap-
pointed Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, at a compensation equal to the amount of
fees collected said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient 

bond in the sum of $1000.00 and upon his taking the oath of office as required by law.

At this time the Clerk real for the second time proposed ordinance No. 102 of the City of
Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to amend Subdivision No. 8 of Sec. 2 of Ordinance No. 81 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of ordinance no. 48 of the
City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful
business herein after specified, transacted or carried on within the corporation limits of the
City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing

for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such
business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,2,4,13, 14 and 35, Approved December
3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by Ordinance No. 62 of the City, of and further amended March 5,
1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend section 6 of said Ordinance no.

48 as created by said Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in
conflict therewith, and same was passed on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, upon the following vote, Commissioners Anderson, Shield , Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor C. German, Aye, Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time the draft of proposed Ordinance No. 103 drawn up
by the City Attorney as directed by the Board entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section six (6)

of Ordinance no. 77 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "A Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City

of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount
of such license, providing a penalty therefor and repealing all Ordinances in conflict there-
with and to amend said Ordinance no. 77 by adding two new sections thereto to be known as
sections 6a and 6b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
with said amendments.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 20, 1923.
Thereupon the Clerk also read for the first time the draft of proposed Ordinance No. 103 as

proposed by Mayor German.	Thereupon was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded

by Commissioner Shield that the draft of said proposed Ordinance no. 103 as drawn by the City Attorney



be amended by striking out section 2 and section 6a which contains the closing restrictions,
and by striking from sec. 6b, between lines 16 and 17 the words "or other obstruction," and by
striking from the title the word "two" and substituting the word "a", and striking cut the suffix "s"
from the sord Sections--all between lines land 2 and also to strike out the words "6a and" and the
word "respectively" between lines 2 and 3. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson Shield
and Elwell, Aye. His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, No.

On motion of Commissioner Shield seconded by commissioner Andersen it was ordered that said d
draft of proposed ordinance No. 103, drawn by the City Attorney be passed as amended to the second
reading. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Shield
that the Board adjourn until the Next regular meeting to be held Tuesday, the 4th day of December,

A. D. 1923, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, Clark County, Nevada.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, DEC. 4, 1923.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of December, A. D. 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty O'clock
p. m. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson, and W. H.
Elwell, together with the city Attorney and city clerk, Commissioner C. A. Shield being absent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there appearing to be no omissions or cor-
rections, it was ordered that they be approved as read.

Reports of officers were read and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk, excepting that the

claim of Edwin T. West in the sum of $5.00; the claim of Ed. Von Tobel in the sum of $9.70, and the

claim of Ed W. Clark Fwd. Co in the sum of $4.00 were ordered held up for further investigation.

Thereupon the clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 104 of the City of Las
Vegas, the same having been submitted as an emergency ordinance, entitled "An ordinance creating
a Board of Park Trustees, providing for the appointment of members thereof, defining their powers
and duties and other matters relating thereto."

Thereupon it was the resolution the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded
by Commissioner Elwell, that an emergency exists and the enactment of the above entitled ordinance
is necessary by reason of such emergency. Voting on said resolution Commissioners Anderson and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was the order of the Board that the above entitled ordinance be and the same is
hereby passed as an emergency ordinance. Voting Commissioner Anderson and Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 103 of the City of
Las Vegas, as drawn up by the City Attorney, entitled. "

"An ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las
Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such
license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing all Ordinances in conflict therewith, and to
amend said ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section 6a, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of
ordinances in conflict with said amendments."

Thereupon it was the motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
said proposed ordinance be amended by inserting the words "or other obstruction" after the word
"screen", between lines 16 and 17, page 2. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson and
Elwell, Aye. His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German Voting no.

After listening to considerable discussion regarding said proposed ordinance, the same was
passed and adopted, on motion of commissioner Elwell, upon the following vote:- Commissioners
Anderson and Elwell , Aye. His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, No.

At this time Division Engineer C. C. Boyer of the Department of Highways, submitted his est-
imate on the proposed improvement by gravel surfacing 16 foot strips on either side of the proposed

18 foot Federal Aid Highway, and the same was ordered placed on file.

At this time the clerk presented the following communication:-

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Dec. 4, 1921.

To the Honorable Mayor and
City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:-

Some time a go an occasion arose in which it was quite essential that the City have
a brass band. Since there are in the City a number of men who have had band experience it
was possible to organize such a band for that occasion.

Occasions arise in every city when such an organization is needed and we hope this
will be particularly true of Las Vegas in the next year or two.

The individual band men of the City would be glad to give their time for practice but
hardly feel that they can stand the expense of music, rent etc.

Therefore the Las Vegas Municipal and asks the city commissioners to help defray
the expense of rent and music to and amount not to exceed fourteen dollars per month.

Respectfully submitted,

Giles Morrison, Manager.	Las Vegas Municipal Band.

By Ferris Doolittle, Secy.

Whereupon the Clerk was directed to notify the Las Vegas Municipal Band that the Board has
no power to appropriate money for the use suggested.

Thereupon the clerk presented the following communication:-

Las Vegas, Nevada.

November 26, 1923.

Las Vegas City Council.

Gentlemen:-

I have a claim of $22.39 against the City of Las Vegas and Clark County Nevada. I was
employed by Senator Griffith to repair the fence around the fair ground and advised by him
to present my claim to City and County and collect the amount for each. 34 1/2 hours at
62 1/2 cents per hours

L. Heffner.

and it appearing to the Board that this claim is not properly presented, the clerk was
directed to notify Mr. Heffner to present his bill in proper form.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, on
motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until
monday, the 17th day of December, 1923. Voting Commissioners Anderson and Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor Aye. Noes, None.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DEC. 17, 1923.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 17th day of December, 1923, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P. M.

Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with members A. R. Anderson, C. R. Shield and W.

H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration the appointment of a Board of Park Trustees
in accordance with the Ordinance recently passed.

Upon recommendation of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, it was
ordered, upon motion of commissioner Anderson, seconded by commissioner Elwell, the following
were appointed members of the Board of Park Trustees to represent the county of C ark, to-wit:

Dr. Wm. S. Park for the term of one year, Dr. Roy W. Martin, for the term of two years; Mr. Ed.
w. Clark for the term of three years; said appointments to become effective upon taking the oath
of office required by law. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and his Honor the
mayor W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of commissioner Shield, seconded by commissioner
Elwell, that the Board at this time appoint two members of the Board of Park Trustees to represent
the City of Las Vegas, leaving a vacancy to be filed at a later date. Voting Commissioner And-
erson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following names were placed in nomination by commissioner Anderson, as
members of the Board of Park Trustees, to-wit: W. R. Bracken, for the three year term; E. W.
Griffith, for the two year term.

It was ordered, upon motion of commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson,
that the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon the name of W. R. Bracken for membership on the Board of Park Trustees for the
term fo three years was placed before the Board. Voting on said name, Commissioner Anderson,
Elwell and Shield and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of E. W. Griffith for membership on the Board of Park Trustees for
the term of two years was placed before the Board. Voting on said name Commissioners Anderson,
Shield and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time it was the order of the Board on motion of commissioner Elwell, seconded
by commissioner Shield that claims he approved at this time allowing City employees of the street
department a half month salary. Voting Commissioner s Anderson, Elwell and Shield and His Honor
the mayor W. C. German Aye. Noes, none.

Bills allowed as per claim book in the office of the Clerk.

On motion of commissioner Anderson, seconded by commissioner Elwell it was ordered that
the sum of $12.30, the balance now remaining in the side walk assessment Fund be transferred to the
street Fund. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It was moved by Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield that the Mayor
appoint a committee of three women to take charge of a ball to stimulate interest and provide funds
for a volunteer fire department. Voting commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and his honor
the mayor, W. C. German, aye. Noes, Bone.

Thereupon the mayor appointed the following members of said committee; Mrs. C. E. Bulette,
Mrs, Eddie Hicks, and Mrs. Lou Martin.

At this time the matter of the appointment of a new member of the Board of Commissioners



in place of Wm. E. Arnold deceased, came on for discussion.
The name of Mrs. C. E. Bulette was placed in nomination by Commissioner Elwell.

There appearing to be no second at this time Commissioner Elwell placed in nomination
the name of F. E. Matzdorf. Seconded by Commissioner Shield.

The name of T. M. Carroll was placed in nomination by Mayor Gorman. No second.

At this time Mayor German seconded the nomination of Mrs. C. E. Bulette.

Thereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Shield that nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor, aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of Mrs. C. E. Bulette was placed before the Board to fill the
vacancy of Commissioner of the First Class. Voting His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye. Com-
missioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, no.

Thereupon the name of F. E. Matzdorf was placed before the Board to fill the vacancy of
Commissioner of the first Class. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, Aye, Mayor
J. German, No.

Thereupon it was moved by Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield that
the Board Adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 1st day of January, A. D. L1924.

Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye, Noes,

none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	JANUARY 1, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las VEGAS,

Nevada held on the first day of January, A. D. 1924. Present Commissioners W. H. Elwell and C. R. S
Shield and de facto Commissioner F. E. Matzdorf to-gether with the City attorney and City Clerk.

His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, and Commissioner A. R. Anderson being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, Commissioner
Elwell was appointed temporary chairman. Voting Commissioner Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell, Aye.

Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board this is a legal holiday, it was ordered, upon motion of
Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf that the Board adjourn until Friday Jan-
uary, 4, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Shield, Elwell and
Matzdorf, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA JAN. 4, 1924.

At at regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of January, A. D. 1924, at the hour of seven-
thirty O'clock P. M. Present His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, with Commissioners A. R. Anderson
C. R. Shield, W. H. Elwell and F. E. Matzdorf, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the previous meetings were read and there being no comissions or corrections
were approved as read.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of the Board. The claim of
E. W. Cragin in the sum of $8.00 for services as stenographer in the municipal Court was laid over for
investigation. The claim of Wm. J. Crozier in the sum of $18.00 was reduced to $6.00 for the reason
the $12.00 of this amount is chargeable against the Fair Committee for work on the Fair grounds.

At this time F. E. Matzdorf presented his bond as Commissioner of the First Class in the
sum of One Thousand Dollars, with Ed. Von Tobel and J. J. Cannon as sureties thereon, the same hav-
ing been heretofore approved by W. J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners. There-
upon, it appearing that the said F. E. Matzdorf has taken the Oath of office as required by law, it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that said bond be
and the same is hereby approved. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none: Thereupon F. E. Matzdorf assumed his seat as Commissioner of
the First Class of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a gaming license for
two games at the Exchange Bool Hall, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Shield, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
 Commissioner Matzdorf that said application be and the same is hereby granted, and the Clerk is directed
to issue a gaming license for two games to the said A. T. McCarter at the Exchange Pool Hall. Voting
Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye.

Noes, none. 

At this time the Clerk presented the application of E. H. Edwards for a gaming license for
two games at the Arizona Club, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commission-
er Shield, whereupon after due discussion, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded
by Commissioner Elwell, that said application be held up for investigation. Voting Commissioners And-
erson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German Aye, Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming
license for seven games at the Las Vegas Bar, the same having been thereto fore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Shield, Whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by
Commissioner Anderson, that said application be granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to issue said gaming license for seven games to Morgan, Stocker and Horden. Voting Commissioners Ander-
son, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of H. W. Ball, for a gaming license, for three



games at the Big Four, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner
Shield, whereupon it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell
that said application be granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming
license for three games to the said H. W. Ball.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 19, 1923.

From: Las Vegas Lodge #2, Shop Employes' Association.

To : Hon. W. C. German, Mayor of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Subject : Appointment of Railroad Man as Member of the Park Board.
Sir:

At a special Meeting of this Lodge, regularly and legally convened, the following Resolution
was offered from the floor and passed by the Lodge.

Be it resolved: That the Secretary of this Lodge be directed to write to the Mayor, Hon.

W. C. German, and request that he appoint at least one railroad man as a member of the

Park Board.

We feel that inasmuch as this Lodge maintains and finances the only active baseball team
in the City, which team meets teams from California and Utah, thus affording this City valuable

			

advertising in California and Utah, that is is an incumbrance upon the Board to co-operate with
and support the movement for athletics in the City, and that some member of the Board should be
familiar with the rent such attraction will be able to pay.

We also feel that a railroad man will prove a valuable addition to the Board in handling mat-
ters with Representatives of the Railroad.	

Thanking you in advance for your consideration of this matter, and assuring you of our
continued support and co-operation, we are

Very truly yours,

Roy H. Morgan, Secy.

Whereupon the matter of the appointment of a third member of the Board of Park Trustees, to
represent the City of Las Vegas, was taken under discussion.

The name of J. R. Brady was placed in nomination by Commissioner Matzdorf for the office of
member of the Board of Park Trustees, for the term of one year. Nomination was seconded by Commissioner
Anderson.

Thereupon, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell , that the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and El-
well and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon the name of J. R. Brady was placed before the Board for appointment to the office
of member of the Board of Bark Trustees for the term of one year. The vote on said name was as
follows:	Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. noes

none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following petition:

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 28, 1923.

TO THE HONORABLE MAYOR AND CITY COUNCIL:

Gentleman;

I hereby made application for the position of cook at the City Jail.

I have resided in Las Vegas the past eight years and am a free holding taxpayer.

If elected to this position, my forty odd years as a cook places me in a position
to assure you of an intelligent, satisfactory and economical administration.

Respectfully,

W. P. Truden.

We, the undersigned, resident taxpayers of this City, take pleasure in endorsing Mr.

W. P. Truden's application for the position of Cook at the City Jail.

Ed. W. Clark	O. K. Adcock	Joe Graglia	Carl D. Farrar

Ed. Von Tobel	John S. Park	John F. Miller	W. E. Rerron

M.	E. Ward	0. C. Boggs	Chas. C. Corkhill	J. T. Ullom

Reese Morgan

Whereupon the matter of the appointment of a cook for the chain gang, was referred to the
Street Commissioner.

Upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, the following
Resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes of the Board:

RESOLVED that, until the further order of the Board all general licenses and fines
shall be distributed as follows:

General Fund	50%

Police and Fire Fund 50%




AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed so to notify the
City Treasurer.

Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C.
German, aye. Noes, none.

The question of the appointment of a Mayor Pro Tem coming on before the Board at this
time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that
 Commissioner W. H. Elwell, be, and he is hereby appointed Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.
Voting an said motion Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor
W. C. German, aye. Noes, None.

At this time the Mayor announced a change in the heads of departments as follows:

W. H. Elwell	Police and Fire Commissioner

A. R. Anderson	Street Commissioner

C. R. Shield	Water, Light and Sewer Commissioner

F. E. Matzdorf	Finance Commissioner.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that

the Board adjourn until Tuesday, the 8th day of January, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty O'clock

p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS,	-

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, January 8, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of January, A. D. 1924, at the hour of
seven -thirty o'clock p. m. Present His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, with Commissioners A. R.

Anderson, C. R. Shield, F. E. Matzdorf and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and
City Clerk.

The claim of E. W. Cragin for services as stenographer in the sum of $8.00, which was
held up for investigation was ordered paid.

Upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf the Clerk was
directed to post and publish the following notice of Public Improvement in accordance With the
requirements of the Charter. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

NOTICE OF PUBLIC IMPROVEMENT.

Notice is HEREBY GIVEN, that the Board of Commissioners of the
City Of Las Vegas propose to cause to be be constructed the sur-
facing 16 feet in width on each side of the proposed Las Vegas
Federal Aid Highway on Fremont Street in the City of las Vegas,
between Main and Fifth Streets, and including the intersections
with Main, First, Second, Third, and Fourth Streets and with the
alley between Main and First Streets. It is proposed to con-
struct a surface 5 inches thick (6 1/2 ins. loose) in accordance
with Department of Highways standard specification; using
screenings from the Nevada lime & Rock Company Quarry at Sloan,

Nevada. It is proposed to provide the expense of such constructs
inn to be paid by special assessment according to benefits of the
area affected by such improvement; such district being more
particularly described as the Los Angeles & Salt Lake R. R. Co.
station grounds (unplatted), South half of Blocks 2, 15, 18, 31
and 54 and the North Half of Blocks 3, 14, 19, 30 and 35 in
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; all as more particularly described
in the plats and diagrams hereinafter mentioned.

Said Board will meet at the Commissioners' Room in the County
Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on Monday, the 28th day of 
January, 1924 and consider any suggestions and objections that
may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements.

Estimates of the expense of said proposed improvements, and
plats and diagrams of the work and locality to be improved are
on file with the City Clerk for public examination.

Dated this 8th day of January, A. D. 1924.

City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada.
The Clerk was directed to notify the recently appointed Plumbing Inspector, L. R. Hilkie
to qualify by filing his bond and taking the Oath of Office.

The following Resolution was adopted by the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson,
Seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf:-



RESOLVED that routing of the proposed Federal Aid Highway through
the City of Las Vegas, as follows, to-wit:

South on Fifth Street, from the northerly City limits to Fremont	

Street; west on Fremont Street to Main Street and south on Main
Street to the southerly City limits be and the same is hereby
approved by this Board.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows:- Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield,
and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the application of E. H. Edwards for a gaming license for two games at the
Arizona Club came on for discussion at this time, having been laid over for investigation at the
previous meeting. On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, it was
ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license for two games to the
said E. H. Edwards. Voting, Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Marzdorf the Board adjourned
until Monday, the 28th day of January, A. D. 1924. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield
and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none. 

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. January 28,1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 28th day of January, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor W. C. German with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf,
A. R. Anderson, C.R. Shield and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and the City
Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read proof of posting and of publication of notice of inten-
tion to make street improvements, and there being no written objections to the proposed im-
provement of the 16 foot strip on each side of the proposed Federal Aid 18 foot strip on
Fremont Street, of which notice had been given, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the City attorney draft an ordinance for said
improvement. Voting Commissioners Elwell, Shield, Matzdorf, and Anderson, and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,
that the City Clerk make application and arrangements for state industrial insurance for
members of the volunteer fire department. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Elwell,

and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.



It was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matz-
dorf, that the salary of the City Treasurer be increased from the sum of Twenty-five ($25)
Dollars per month to the sum of Fifty ($50) Dollars per month, commencing January 1st,1924.
The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell,
and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that
the City Clerk be instructed to notify in writing E. H. Edwards, who has a gambling license
at the Arizona Club, that it is the order of the Board that he immediately comply with the pro-
visions of Ordinance No. 103 in removing all obstructions to free the view from the outside to
the interior of his place of business or his license will be revoked, and it is further ordered
that he shall report to this Board at its next regular meeting to be held February 5th, 1924 at
the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on the 5th day of February, A.D 1924, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock
p.m. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor,

Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. January 31st, 1924.

At a special called meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 31st day of January, A.D. 1924, at the hour of eight
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners F. E.  Matzdorf,
A. R. Anderson, C. R. Shield and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and the City
Clerk.

At this time the Clerk presented the following waiver of notice and consent to hold-
ing meeting, filed this date:

Waiver of Notice and
Consent to Holding Meeting

The undersigned, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and each and all
of the Commissioners of said City do hereby waive notice of the
time, place and objects of a special meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, and hereby consent to the hold-
ing of said meeting at the Commissioners' Room in the said City of
Las egas on this 31st day of January, 1924 at the hour of eight
o'clock P.M. on said date, and consent to the transaction of any
and all business of the City thereat.

Dated this 31st day of January, 1924.

(Signed) W. C. German________________

Mayor	

F.	E. Matzdorf_____________

A. R. Anderson_____________

C.R.Shield_________________

W. H. Elwell_______________

City Commissioners

Thereupon the Clerk presented the resignation of F. A. Stevens, as City Attorney, as
follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Jany 30, 1924.
To W. C. German, Mayor, and
To the Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I hereby tender my resignation as City Attorney of the City
of Las Vegas and would respectfully request early action on same
so that my successor may be selected in time to prepare and pre-
sent such business as is required to come before the regular meet-
ing to be held on Tuesday the 5th day of February, 1924. I desire to
thank the Board for the many courtesies extended to me in the past
and appreciate the harmonious relation s which have existed between
us. I find that I do not have the time to devote to the duties of
the office, which have so largely increased in the past year or so.

Respectfully yours,

F. A. Stevens

City Attorney.

whereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the resig-
nation of Mr. Stevens as City Attorney be, and the same is hereby accepted to take effect im-
mediately. Voting on said motion Commissioners Elwell, Shield, Anderson, Matzdorf, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following applications for the position of City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Jany. 31, 1924.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sirs:

Being advised that there is a vacancy in the office of City Attorney
for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the present City Attorney, Hon. F. A. Stevens,
having resigned from said office, I respectfully offer myself as an ap-
plicant for appointment to said office. Your favorable consideration is
solicited and will be very much appreciated.

Very sincerely yours,

C. D. Breeze.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 31,1924.

To the Mayor and Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Understanding there is to be a vacancy in the office of the
City Attorney, I hereby respectfully submit my application for said
office.

Respectfully yours,

A. W. Ham

Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 31st, 1924.

To the Honorable Mayor and the
Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Understanding that a vacancy exists in the office of
City Attorney for the City of Las Vegas, I herewith submit my applica-
tion for said position for your due consideration.

E. F. Dupray.

Thereupon, nominations for the position of City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas
being in order, the name of C. D. Breeze was placed in nomination by Commissioner
Elwell. Commissioner Shield nominated A. W. Ham.
Thereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Mayor German, seconded by Commissioner Ander-
son that the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the name of C. D. Breeze was placed before the Board for voting upon for
the position of City Attorney, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf,

Anderson, and Shield, No. Commissioner Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye.

Thereupon the name of A. W. Ham was placed before the Board for voting upon for the pos-
ition of City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, the vote being as follows: Commissioners
Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the said A. W. Ham was declared appointed to the office of City Attorney of
the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient
 bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1000.00) Dollars, to be approved by the Mayor, and
upon his taking the oath of office required by law.

ft was ordered , upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matz-
dorf that the Clerk be and she is hereby, directed to write a letter of appreciation to
F. A. Stevens, former city attorney, for the excellent services rendered this Board. Voting
on said motion Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next reg-
ular meeting to be held on the 5th day of February, A.D. 1924, at the hour of Seven-
thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 6, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on Tuesday, the 6th day of February, A. D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty 
o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W. C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, C. R. Shield,
A. R. Anderson, and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular, adjourned and special meetings were read, and there
being no omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved as read, and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time E. H. Edwards appeared before the Board in response to a summons here-
tofore issued, in connection with the violation of Ordinance 103, and action was deferred.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the official bond of L. R. Hilkie, as plumbing in-
spector of the City of has Vegas, in the sum of one Thousand Dollars, with the American Surety
Company as surety thereon, and same was approved upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded
by Commissioner Shield, upon the following vote:- Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the said L. R. Hilkie has taken the oath
of office as required by law, the said L. R. Hilkie was declared qualified to assume the
office of Plumbing Inspector of the City of has Vegas.

At this time the Clerk presented the following: Communication:-
Las Vegas, Nevada.

	February 4, 1924.

Mayor W. C. German,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:-

	Pursuant to our recent conversation I respectfully submit the

following offer with regard to my receiving an appointment as City Engineer
of Las Vegas.

If the City Commissioners will appoint, me City Engineer and Provide
me with office space I will agree to do the following things:

Be responsible all engineering records and data and see that they are
kept in the proper form for City Engineering data.

Will furnish engineering data and advice in connection with any matter
being considered by the City Commissioners without additional charge where no
detailed field work is necessary.

Will do all engineering field work for the City at the charge of $10.00
per day for my time.

As the City of Las Vegas is now growing and will continue to grow in
the future, some steps should be taken to have the engineering data assembled and
kept in a workmanlike manner as these early records become more valuable as the
City grows, and some engineer should be appointed City Engineer and made respon-
sible for the City records and fieldwork.

Respectfully yours,

Fred W. Rodolf.

Whereupon after due discussion the matter was referred to A. R. Anderson, Street Commissioner.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the
Board adjourn until Monday, the 18th day of February when it shall meet to consider the budget
for the year 1924, and such other matters as shall come before the Board. Voting Commissioners
Matzdorf. Shield. Anderson and Elwell. and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German. Aye. Noes. none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 18, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 18th day of February, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m.
Present His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, with Commissioner F. E. Matzdorf, C. R. Shield, A. H.
Anderson and W. H. Elwell, together with the acting City Attorney, F.A. Stevens and the City
Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:-

Las Vegas, Nevada,

February 18, 1924.

TO THE HONORABLE MAYOR AND BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

GENTLEMEN:

I urgently request that the license of the Lincoln Hotel
be revoked, as it has been the Headquarters of the I.W.W. and
is a menace to the community.

Leo A. Crowley._______

Chief of Police.

Whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner 
Matzdorf that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to notify R. L. Kincaid, who holds a mer-
cantile license at the Lincoln Hotel, to appear before this Board Tuesday, February 26, 1924, and
show cause why said licenses should not be revoked. Voting Commissioners Shield, Anderson, Mat-
zdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, aye. Noes, none.

This being the time set for the consideration of the Budget for the year 1924, the matter
was now taken under discussion.
On motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, it was ordered that
the Board adjourn until Tuesday, February 26, 1924, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock p. m.,
when it shall meet to further consider the budget for the year 1924, and such other matters as
should come before the Board at that time. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, aye. Noes none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. Feb. 26th, 1924.

a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada. held on the 26th day of February, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, C. R. Shield,
A. R. Anderson, and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

This being the time set by law for the preparation of a Budget, thereupon, the Board pro-
ceeded to take up the budget and tax levy for the year 1924, in accordance with the provisions
of the State of Nevada, and the matter being discussed at length it was ordered, upon motion
being duly made by Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, and unanimously
carried that the following Budget be adopted, the vote on. said motion being as follows:
Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION.

PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1924.

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the year ending

December 31 1924, as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.

Receipts	Actual  1923	Estimated  1924	Expenditures	Actual  1923	Estimated  1924
	$10,293.60	$10,000.00	Administration		$9,264.89	$9,000.00
Fines		 4,673.00	4,000.00	Police & Fire			9,909.26	7,000.00
Fees				Streets and Alleys-	10,819.78	10,000.00
Permits				Sewer Bond Int.	2,100.00	1,680.00
Poll Taxes		 6,135.00	7,000.00	Sewer Bond Red.	4,000.00	4,000.00
Surplus Funds				Highway Bond Int.		1,800.00
Taxes Collected, 1925--	15,292.00		Highway Bond Red.		2,000.00
Taxes Required, 1924			20,280.00	Light		7,386.86	4,500.00
			Cemetery			1,442.60	1,400.00
			Publicity			2,000.00
Totals		$43,380730		$44,923.39	$43,380.00
					
Cash on Hand, January 1, 1924 --------------------------------------------------- $6 476.55

Balance Due from Second Half Taxes, 1924----------------------------------------- $7 000.00

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor and attested by
the City Clerk and the same be filed with the City Clerk and a copy thereof be published in a weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one week apart. The vote on
said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las Vegas
for the year 1924. Upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, and duly c
carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of five cents on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable 
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for
the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation,
said tax to be known and used as the Salary Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of twelve cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, Collected
and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt 
from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Street Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of three and one half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1924, including the the net proceeds of mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation ,said tax to be known as and used as the Las Vegas Sewer Bond
Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of fifteen and one half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seven cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las V gas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Highway Bond Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT an ad valorem tax of eight cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from
taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Highway Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seventeen and one half cents on each one hundred



dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such proper-
ty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Light Fund. 

	Actual, 1923	Estimated, 1924
Realty	.			  $2,260,446.00	$2,260,446.00
Improvements									 	  
Personal 											44,474,00 *	 294,474.00
Totals-		.		 —	$2,304,920.00	$2,554,920.00

ASSESSED VALUATION
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of two and one half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Cemetery

	

Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of eight cents one each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1924, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Las Vegas Publicity Fund.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Shield, sec-
onded by Commissioner Elwell:

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to notify the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established and levied
by this Board for the year 1924, and to direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and
cause to be collected and paid the sum of seventy- nine cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, except such property
as is exempt from taxation. Voting on said Resolution Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time R.L. Kincaid appeared before the Board in response to the summons of the
Board, regarding the contemplated revoking of the licenses issued to Mr. Kincaid at the Lincoln
Hotel. After due discussion between Mr. Kincaid and the Board action on the matter was deferred.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting to be held on the 4th day of March, A.D. 1924, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, and Elwell, and His

Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. March 4, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 4th day of March, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present
Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with members F.E. Matzdorf, C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson and W.E. Elwell, together

with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.


All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board. The
following bills were held up because of the lack of requisitions accompanying: The claim of
J.T. Ullom in the sum of $20.25; the claims of the Arrowhead Garage in the sums of $5.70, $7.50,
$61.60, $62.91, $21.46; the claim of the Nevada Oil Co. in the sum of $62.84, the claim of C.A.
French in the sum of $92.00; the claim of Earl and Cox in the sum of $15.00; the claim of D.W.
Perdue in the sum of $4.30; the claim of J. Warren Woodard in the sum of $14.45; the claim of
Ed. Von Tobel in the sum of $33.70; the claim of the Las Vegas Garage in the sum of $2.40.

It was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
the sum of $26.50 be transferred from the Cemetery Fund to the Street Fund in payment of labor
performed at the Cemetery by the Street Department, and the Clerk was directed so to notify the
City Treasurer. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the Board adjourn
until Tuesday the 11th day of March, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting
Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Elwell and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COuNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 11, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of. March, 1924. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C.
German, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, A. R. Anderson and W. H. Elwell, to-gether with the City
Attorney A. W. Ham, Esq. and the City Clerk, Commissioner C. R. Shield being absent.

At this time all claims were allowed as per claim book.

At this time a committee from the Las Vegas, Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board
and a discussion of the routing of the proposed Federal Aid Highway.

At this time the Question of constructing a cement side-walk on the west side of second
street, the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf:

"BE IT RESOLVED that it is the determination of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas to order the construction of a concrete sidewalk along
the West side of Second Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, City of Las Vegas,
as follows, to-wit: Commencing at the intersection of Second Street with Garces
Street and running thence northerly along the West side of Second Street to and
including Lot 25, Block 15, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, City of Las Vegas, ex-
cepting Lots 26 to 28 incl., Block 10 of said Townsite fronting on said Second
Street, Lots 21 to 27 incl. and the north twenty feet of lot 32 in Block 11,
said Townsite fronting on Second Street, Lots 17 to 28 incl. in Block 13, said
Townsite fronting on Second Street, and lot 12, Block 14, said Townsite fronting
on Second Street; said sidewalk to be constructed in accordance with the pro-
visions of the Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating to the construction
of sidewalks, being Ordinance No. 47; the cost of said improvement to be done at
the exclusive cost of the owners of the ground fronting on said proposed area of
improvement and abutting on said proposed improvement, and shall be collected
by special assessment assessed upon the taxable lots and premises abutting upon
said improvement in proportion to their number of feet of frontage. And the Com-
missioner of Streets and Public Places is hereby directed to prepare an estimate
of the cost of said improvements and plats and diagrams of same."

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell, and His

Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye, Noes, none.

It was the order of the Board upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, that this Board does hereby, rescind the Resolutions previously adopted on the fol-
lowing dates to-wit: July 19, 1923, and January 8, 1924, which Resolutions read as follows,
respectively:
RESOLUTION #1.

WHEREAS, the Board deems it to the Lest interests of the City of Las Vegas
that the proposed highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route
6 of the State Highway System be selected as running from the East City limits
to the North City limits via Fremont Street and Main Street, and that of the
whole distance of said route of 3.203 miles, there be built 2.832 miles of
gravel surface and 0.370 mi. of hard surface: such hard surface to be of con-
crete, allin accordance with the specification prepared and recommended by the
State Highway Commission., Now, Therefore, Be it Resolved that the Route as above mentioned
be and the same is hereby selected, adopted and established, and that the portions as
above mentioned be built of the respective material as above mentioned.

RESOLUTION #2

RESOLVED that routing of the proposed Federal Aid Highway through the City of
Las Vegas, as follows, to-wit:

South on Fifth Street, from the northerly City limits to Fremont Street; West on
Fremont Street to Main Street and South on Main Street to the Southerly City limits
be and the same is hereby approved by this Board.

The vote on said motion was as follows:- Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor

the Mayor, W. C. Gorman, Aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner, Matzdorf, seconded by
Commissioner Elwell:-

RESOLVED THAT the Board of City Commissioners deems it to the best interests of the
City of Las Vegas that the routing through the City of the Proposed Federal Aid High-
way be selected as running from the northerly City Limits south on Main Street to Fre-
mont Street; thence Bast on Fremont Street to Fifth Street; thence South on Fifth
Street to the Southerly City limits, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that immediate construction be terminated at the intersection
of Fremont and Fifth Streets until the routing of the Highway south of said City of
Las Vegas has been established.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows:- Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of securing necessary rights of way prior to construction of said proposed High-
way, Mayor German appointed the following committee; to-Wit: Commissioners Matzdorf and Anderson,
who were directed to confer with Division Engineer C. C. Boyer in securing necessary rights of way.

At this time H. Case appeared before the Board regarding the Volunteer Fire Department, ask-
ing that one of the members of said Fire Department be designated to keep fire equipment in proper
repair at a salary of $20.00 per month.

Upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson it was ordered that
the Resolution appointing Leo A. Crowley Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas at a salary of $20.00
per month, passed and adopted on the 4th day of June, 1924 be and the same is hereby rescinded and
declared void, to be effective April 1, 1923. The vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners
Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the matter of the appointment of a member of the Volunteer Fire Department to keep
the Fire equipment in repair was referred to Commissioner Elwell.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered, upon
motion of Commissioner Matzdorf seconded by Commissioner Anderson that the Board adjourn until Wed-
nesday, March 12, at seven-thirty, p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAR. 12, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of March, A. D. 1924. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C.
German, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, C. R. Shield, A. R. Anderson and W. H. Elwell to-gether
with the City Attorney, A. W. Ham, and the City Clark.

At this time the Board took up the matter of certain rumous current regarding the conduct of
the Police & Fire Department. Leo A. Crowley, City Marshall, was called sworn and testified uoon
examination by the mayor, Commissioners and the City Attorney.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, upon
motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson that adjournment be taken until
Tuesday, the first day of April, A. D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 31st ,1924.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 31st day of March, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor ,W.C. German with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson,
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk presented the following waiver of notice of special meeting:

The undersigned, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and each and all of
the Commissioners of said City do hereby waive notice of time, place and ob-
jects of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, and hereby consent to the holding of said meeting at the Commission-
ers' Room in the said City of Las Vegas, at the Clark County Court House, on
the 31st day of March, 1924, at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. of said date,
and consent to the transaction of any and all business of the City thereat.

Dated this 31st day of March, 1924.

(Signed) W.C. German Mayor
F.E. Matzdorf,

A.R. Anderson,

C.R. Shield,

W.H. Elwell, Commissioners.

Thereupon, it was the order of the Board, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded
by Commissioner Anderson, and duly carried, that the office of City Marshall be declared
vacant. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. 
German, Aye. Noes, none. W.H. Elwell not voting.

At this time the Mayor declared nominations were inorder for filling the vacancy ex-
isting in the office of City Marshall. Thereupon the name of A.W. Woody was placed in nomination
by Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Anderson. The name of Joe May was placed in nom-
ination by Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Mayor German.

It was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson ,seconded by Commissioner Shield, that
the nominations be closed. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, and Shield and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none, W.H. Elwell not voting.

The name of Joe May was then placed before the Board for appointment to the office of City
Marshall. Voting, Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. 
Commissioner Shield, no.. Commissioner Elwell not voting.

Thereupon it was declared that Joe May is duly appointed to the office of City Marshall of
the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good
and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting to be held on the 1st day of April. A.D. 1924.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.
April 1st, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of April, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson,
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk. The Standard Oil Company bill in
the sum of $43.98 was reduced to $18.90 for the reason that $25.08 of the amount should have
been charged against the County of Clark. The claim of D.C. Ward in the sum of $131.00 was re-
duced to $118.50. The claims of the Las Vegas Pharmacy in the sum of $3.25; the claim of Leo
A. Crowley in the sum of $28.80 and the claim of Reese Morgan in the sum of $53.72 were held over
for further investigation.

At this time, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, the

following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the H.F.M and M addition to the City of Las Vegas be and the same
is hereby approved in accordance with the plat duly presented, and that the Mayor
and City Clerk of this City be and they are hereby directed to certify this appro-
val on said plat. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, and Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of A.T. McCarter for two games at the Ex-
change Pool Hall, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner
Elwell whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Matzdorf, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license for two games to the
said A.T. McCarter at the Exchange Pool Hall.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the Application of Ball and Bay for three games at the Big
Four the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Elwell, whereupon
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the
Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license for three games to the said Ball and Bay
at the Big Four.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for six games
at the Vegas Bar the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner El-
well, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner An-
derson that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to Issue a license for six games to the
said Morgan, Stocker and Horden at the Vegas Bar.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las
Vegas entitled" An Ordinance to amend Subdivision number 19 of Section 2 of Ordinance No. 81 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ordinance No. 49 of the
City of Las Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas ,licensing for the purpose
of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or car-
ried on within the corporation limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates
of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punish-
ment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances
Nos 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35, approved December 3, 1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by ordinance No. 62 of
the City of Las Vegas , and further amended March 5,1919 by Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all
ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith". On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded 

by Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that said ordinance be passed to the second reading.
Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the report of Street Commissioner A.R. Anderson, together
with plans and specifications of the proposed sidewalk improvement on Second Street, and the
same were ordered filed in the office of the Clerk of the Board. It was further ordered, upon

motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the Clerk be and she
is hereby directed to give notice of the intention of the Board to make such proposed improve-
ment by publication and posting notices as required by law. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf ,
Shield, Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Shield that the Board adjourn until Monday the 21st day of April, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock P.M. when it shall meet to hear protests against the above referred to sidewalk im-
provement and to attend to such other matters as may come before the Board at that time. Voting
Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W C. German, Aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAB VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 21, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 21st day of April A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell,
A.R. Anderson and C.A. Shield, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time H. Case appeared before the Board with regard to the purchase of ad-
ditional fire equipment. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Shield seconded by Commissioner
Anderson it was ordered that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to order the supplies needed.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 105 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance to amend Subdivision number 19 of section 2 of ordinance
No. 81 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section Seven (7) of Ord-
inance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, lic-
ensing, for the purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter
specified, transacted or carried on within the corporation limits of the City of Las Vegas,

State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collect-
ion of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conduction any such business with-
out a license, and repealing Ordinance Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35, approved December 3, 1913, and
and amended Dec. 13, 1915 by ordinance no. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and further amended
March 5, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74, and repealing all ordinances or parts of Ordinances in con-
flict therewith." Whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
 Commissioner Matzdorf that said Ordinance be passed, to take effect immediately after publication 

for one week (one issue) in the Las Vegas Review. Voting on said motion, Com-
missioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.

Noes, none. 

This being the time set for hearing protests against the proposed side walk
construction and it appearing that there are no protests whatsoever, thereupon the Clerk
read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 106 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of Second Street by con-
structing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Block Nos. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15 of
Clark's has Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by special assessment."
Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, said
proposed Ordinance was passed to the second reading, on the following vote: Commissioner 
Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the
Clerk was directed to publish a notice inviting bids for side walk construction. Voting Com-
missioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of James Germain for a gaming license
for two games at the Lopez building on First Street, said application having been theretofore
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner W.H. Elwell, it was thereupon ordered on motion of Com-
missioner Anderson seconded by Commissioner Shield that said gaming license for two games at the
Lopez building on First Street be granted to said James Germain. Voting Commissioners Anderson,
Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Commissioner Matzdorf, no.

There upon the Clerk presented the application of R.H. Bay for a gaming license for two
games at the Arizona Club, the same having been theretofore approved by the Police and Fire Com-
missioner W.H. Elwell. After discussion of the matter it was ordered on motion of Commissioner
Anderson that consideration of the matter be and the same is hereby continued until it is det-
ermined whether or not the City Ordinance relating to an unobstructed view of gaming rooms from
the side walk, is being complied with. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield,                            and
His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time C.C. Boyer, Division Engineer of the Department of Highway of the State of

Nevada, with estimates on the improvement of Main and Fremont Streets under Federal Aid. After

a thorough discussion of the matter the following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that provided that the total cost of the project does not exceed
$60,000.00, of which Federal Aid in the amount of $28,000.00 will be re-
ceived, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
desires to proceed with the project as outlined, to-wit: the improvement of
Fremont Street for the full fifty feet in addition to the eighteen foot
gravel approach on main street, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that proceeds of the Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00)

Dollar bond issue authorized, of which Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars
have been sold, be applied towards paying for the City's Share of the
Expense.

Said Resolution was duly adopted upon motion of Commissioner Shield, sec-
onded by Commissioner Anderson, upon the following vote: Commissioners
Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye.

Noes, none.

At this time J.T. McWilliams appeared before the Board with a plat of the proposed
Valley view Addition to the City of Las Vegas, whereupon, the following Resolution was duly adopted
on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Shield:-

RESOLVED that the Valley View Addition to the City of Las Vegas be and
the same is hereby approved in accordance with the plat duly presented
and that the Mayor and City Clerk of this City be and they are hereby
directed to certify this approval on said plat. Voting Commissioners
Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye.

Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered on motion of Commissioner Shield, Seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf that the Board ad-
journ until the next regular meeting to be held on the 6th day of May, A.D. 1924, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf and His Honor the
Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, Clark County,
NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. May 6-1924.

At at regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 6th day of May, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Present Hon. W.C.
German, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, C.R. Shield, A. R. Anderson, and W. H. Elwell, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meeting were read and there being
no omissions or corrections, the same were ordered approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board. The following
claims, tO-wit: C.A. French for $28.00, Neal DeWitt for $2.00; Las Vegas Pharmacy for $3.25; L.L.
French for $72.00; J. F. Formaster for $7.50; Leo A. Crowley for $28.80; Reese Morgan for $53.72
were ordered laid over because they were not accompanied by requisitions or time slips.

At this time the members of the Las Vegas Bar Association appeared before the Board re-
questing the passage of an ordinance prohibiting the frequenting of gambling houses and houses of
prostitution by minors.

Whereupon, after a general discussion of the matter an order was made, upon motion of
Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, directing the City Attorney to draw on
amendment ordinance No. 29 creating a penalty for proprietors who violate said ordinance No.

29. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
Aye. Noes, none.

Leo A. McNamee appeared before the Board in behalf of the Majestic Theatre requesting
that license fees for traveling shows be increased.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 106 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas providing for the improvement of
second street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Block Nos. 9,10,11,12,13
14 and 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment therefor by special
assessment." Whereupon, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Shield, that said ordinance be passed and adopted. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf,

Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing that this is the time set for opening bids for the construction of a ce-
ment, concrete sidewalk, and it appearing to the Board that the Notice Inviting Bids has been
adequately advertised, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Com-
missioner Anderson, that the time for submitting bids be extended until the 20th day of May, 1924,
at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m., and that the Notice Inviting Bids be readvertised.

Voting Commissioners, Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon an order was made, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, directing that the vault door in the Library Building which can no longer be
used by the City, be sold to Mr. E.W. Griffith for the sum of $50.00. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, 

Shield, Anderson, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the
Board adjourn until the 20th day of May, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. Voting
Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye.

Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 20th day of May A. D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, A.
Anderson and W . H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C. R.
Shield being absent.

This being the time set for opening the bids for the Construction of a sidewalk on
the West side of Second street, and it appearing to the Board that Notice for such bids has been
duly published, thereupon the Clerk was directed to open the bids in her hands, whereupon the
following bids:

Las Vegas, Nevada. May 20th, 1924.

To City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Herewith find check for $171.60 to accompany this bid as follows:

For the 8,000 square feet more or less of concrete sidewalk to be
built along west side of Second Street from Garces St. to the Prop-
erty including the frontage before the County Jail, I hereby bid to
do the work as per specifications at the rate of Twenty-one cents per
 square foot, and for the 60 ft of curbing more or less, as per spec-
ifications, at the fate of sixty cents per running foot.

Alex Lallemand.

To the Hon. Board of City Commissioners,
from E. W. Griffith and Son of Las Vegas.

Proposal of Ordinance No. 106 we submitt the price of 21 1/2 cents per square foot.

Enclosed find check for $250.00

Respectfully,

E. W. Griffith & Son,

By Robt. B. Griffith

After due consideration of the above bids, it appearing to the Board that said bids are too high,
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the
Clerk be and she is hereby directed to readvertise for bids for the construction of said side
walk on Second Street, said bids to be considered at the next regular meeting of this Board to be
held on the 3rd day of June, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m. The vote on said
resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, and Elwell, and his Honor the Mayor,
W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 107 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled:-

An Ordinance to prevent the Permitting of Minors to visit Houses of Ill-fame or
or Gambling Houses; Regulating other Matters Pertaining Thereto; Providing a
Penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance; and Repealing all Ordinance and Parts 
of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith.

Whereupon said proposed Ordinance was passed to the second reading on motion of Commissioner Mat-
zdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

At this time the Board instructed the City Attorney to draw an Ordinance making the
possession sale, and other distribution of intoxicating liquors a nuisance.

Mr. W. J. Stewart appeared before the Board in connection with the sale to the City of a
right-of-way through his property. After a general discussion it was decided that the Board
should visit the property in question, and , on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by
commissioner Elwell, adjournment was taken until Thursday, May 22nd, 1924, at the hour of three-thirty O'clock



p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, Nevada.

May 22-1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County , Nevada, held on the 22nd day of May, A.D. 1924, at the hour of three-thirty
o'clock p.m. Present Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, and Shield, to-gether with the City Attorney
and City Clerk, Mayor W. C. German and Commissioner Elwell being absent.

It appearing that the mayor and mayor pro-tem are not present Commissioner Anderson
was appointed temporary Chairman upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Shield. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf and Shield Aye. Commissioner Anderson not voting.

The question of the purchase of a right of way for the City through the Stewart
ranch came on for discussion at this time. After due consideration the Board tendered Mr. Stewart
an offer of $1250, which was refused.

Thereupon the Board adjourned, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf, until the next regular meeting to be held Tuesday the 3rd day of June, A.D.
1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock. p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

June 3, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of June, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.
m. Present Hon. W. C. German, the Mayor, with Commissioners C.R. Shield, A.R. Anderson and W. H.
well, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meetings were read, and there
being no omissions or corrections, were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board.

This being the time set for opening bids for the construction of a concrete, cement
sidewalk on the Nest side of Second Street, the Clerk was directed to open the bids then in her
hands.



 Thereupon the Clerk presented the following bid:-

June 3-1924.

Board of City Commissioners,

City.

Honorable Gentlemen:

We wish to submit the bid of twenty-one (21) cents
per square ft. on side walk proposition for East side of Second Street.

Enclosed find our check for Two-hundred Fifty ($250) Dollars.

Very truly yours,

E.W. Griffith & Son.

By Robt. B. Griffith.

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that this is the lowest and best bit, it was ordered, upon motion
of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by, Commissioner Shield, that the bid of E.W. Griffith and Son,
at the price of twenty one cents per square foot be and the same is hereby accepted. Voting on said
motion, Commissioners Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to notify the Assessor, W.E. Hawkins to make his assess-
ment covering the cost of said proposed construction.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the Second time, proposed Ordinance No. 107 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Prevent the Permitting of Minors to Visit Houses of Ill-Fame or
Gambling Houses; regulating other Matters Pertaining Thereto; Providing a Penalty for the Violation of
this Ordinance; And Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith.

Whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Shield, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, that the above entitled ordinance be and the same is hereby passes and adopted. Voting Com-
missioners Shield, Anderson, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered up-
on motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

July 1, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of July, A.D. 1924, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock pm. Present Hon. W C German, Mayor with Commissioners, F E Matzdorf,
C R Shield and W H Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk. Commissioner
A R Anderson absent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claims book on file with the Clerk. The claims of
J J Cannon and C A French were laid over for investigation.

It appearing to the Board that the assessor has filed the roll of special
assessment for defraying the expenses of the construction of the sidewalk to be built
on the west side of Second Street, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Shield, that the clerk be and she is hereby directed to
publish notice of said special assessment, and that Tuesday, the 5th day of August at
8 o'clock pm., in the County Commissioner's room of the County Court House shall be
the time and place for all persons interested to be beard. Voting on said motion
Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W C German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered that the Board adjourn until the 5th day of August, A.D. 1924 at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, July 22, 1924.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 22nd day of July, A.D. 1924. Present his Honor the Mayor W. C. German,
with Commissioners C. R. Shield, W. H. Elwell, F. E. Matzdorf, and A. R. Anderson, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

	At this time the Clerk read the following waiver of notice:

	Las Vegas, Nevada, July 21, 1924.

We, the undersigned, the Mayor and all of the Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby consent to the holding of a Special Meeting of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the regular meeting place of said
Board of Commissioners, to-wit, in the Commissioners's Room of the Clark County Court House,

Las Vegas, Nevada, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M. of the 22nd day of July 1924.

This meeting is called for the purpose of determining what action shall be taken
relative to acquiring the right of way for the extension of Main Street through the N. E.
Quarter of Section 27, Township 20 S., R. 61 E., M.D.B. & M. and ordering such steps taken
as may be deemed necessary and for the transaction of any business that may be brought
before said meeting.

And we do hereby waive any and all notice of said meeting.

C. R. SHIELD
W. E. GERMAN
W. H. ELWELL
F. E. MATZDORF
A. R. ANDERSON

At this time the matter of acquiring the right of way for the extension of Main
Street through the NE 1/4 of Section 27, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M. was taken
up with the Board, and after due consideration it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner
Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that action be deferred until the next regular
meeting, August 5th, 1924.

 This being the time set for hearing protests against sidewalk assessment #9, for
the construction of sidewalk on the West side of Second Street, and it appearing that due
notice of said hearing has been given by publication and posting, as by law provided, and it
further appearing that there are no property owners present to protest said assessment, it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that said
sidewalk assessment #0 as presented by City Assessor W. E. Hawkins, be, and the same is
hereby approved, and it is further ordered, that the Clerk of this Board be, and she is
hereby directed to certify said assessment roll to the City Treasurer and tax collector.

Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell and his Honor the Mayor W. C. German
aye, Noes none.

At this time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
Commissioner Shield, that the City discontinue paying the rent for the City Engineer's office
after August 1st, and the Clerk of this Board was directed so to notify Mr. Baker, Acting
City Engineer. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf, Elwell and his Honor the
Mayor W. C. German aye, Noes none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AUGUST 5th, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners for the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of August, A. D. 1924. Present his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with
Commissioners F. E. Matzdorf, A. R. Anderson, W. H. Elwell, C. R. Shield, together with the City
Attorney and, City Clerk. * Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and see page 128- paragraph bracketed with note.
At this time the matter of acquiring the right of way for the extension of Main Street
through the NE 1/4 of Section 27, Township 20 So., Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M. was taken up with the
Board, and after due consideration, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson seconded
by Commissioner Matzdorf, the following resolution was spread upon the minutes:

 Whereas the Las Vegas Land and Water Company has entered into an agreement with
the state of Nevada, Department of Highways, agreeing to convey to the State of Nevada a strip
of land eighty feet wide, same to be an extension of Main Street across the SE 1/4 of Section
27, Township 20 S. Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., same being a strip forty feet in width on
each side of the center line of Main Street in its present direction, upon condition that the
said Las Vegas Land and Water Company be permitted to close those certain ways, paths and
roads now existing in said above described parcel of land.

Now, therefore, be it resolved that the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, by and through
its Board of Commissioners does hereby consent to the closing of all roads and ways in the
SE 1/4 of Section 27, Township 20 S. Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., save and except Fifth Street and
the continuation thereof as the same now exists, upon the conveying and opening of the ex-
tension of Main Street to a width of eighty feet as aforesaid.

Voting on said resolution Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Shield, Elwell and his
Honor the Mayor aye, Noes none.

Thereupon the following resolution was presented and adopted upon motion of Commissioner
Shield, seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

Be it resolved that the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, be hereby author-
ized to purchase from Helen J. Stewart, for the sum of $1,400.00, that certain strip of land
to be used as an extension of Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, through the NE 1/4 of Section 27,

Township 20 S. Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., said purchase price to include a release from any and
all damage that does or might arise by reason of the use of said land as a highway or otherwise
or any damage whatsoever; said purchase price to be paid by the City of Las Vegas; and the
designation of said Main Street to be made by the said Department of Highways.

Said resolution was adopted upon the following vote: Commissioners Shield, Anderson,
Matzdorf, Elwell, his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, aye, Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the application of the Consolidated
Power and Telephone Company for permission to take over the electric light poles in Old Town,
whereupon after due consideration, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded
by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the City Clerk be directed to notify said Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company that their request for permission to take over the poles in Old Town will be
granted, provided said Company agrees to maintain the line and give the City free street-lights
in Old Town for the use of said poles, and that said Company, and the City of Las Vegas will
each bear 50% of the expense of upkeep of said street-lights. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf,
Anderson, Elwell, Shield, his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German aye, noes none.

were approved as amended. Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed
on file. All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.*
There being no further business coming before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be

At this time Mayor German announced the following change in the heads of Departments,
to-wit, W. H. Elwell was changed from Police and Fire Commissioner to Finance Commissioner;

F. E. Matzdorf was changed from Finance Commissioner to Police and Fire Commissioner.

There being no further business coming before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion duly made and carried that, the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be
held on the 5th day of August A. D. 1924, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.
held on the 12th day of August, A. D. 1924, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AUGUST 12, 1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 12th day of August, A. D. 1924, at 7:30 o'clock P. M. Present, his
Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, with Commissioners Shield and Matzdorf, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Shield, that the claim of Helen J. Stewart in the sum of $1400 for a right of way
purchased by the City for the proposed highway be, and the same is hereby allowed, and the 
Clerk was directed to draw a warrant in said sum of $1400 in favor of Helen J. Stewart. Said
warrant to be delivered to A. W. Ham, City Attorney, who shall deliver the same to the said
Helen J. Stewart, after receiving a properly executed deed to the above mentioned right of way.
Voting Commissioners Shield and Matzdorf, and his Honor the Mayor, W. C. German aye, Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, the following
resolution was ordered spread upon the minutes of the Board.

WHEREAS, the Department of Highways at the request of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, is preparing plans and specifications for the improvement of Main
and Fremont Streets within the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, it has been decided to improve Fremont Street with a hard surface pavement
and it appearing to the said Board of City Commissioners that an asphaltic concrete pavement
will be more satisfactory and cheaper than any patented processes heretofore considered, be it
therefore

RESOLVED, that the Department of Highways be, and is hereby requested to improve
Fremont Street between Main and Fifth Streets, with asphaltic, concrete pavement, in accord-
ance with the proposed "cross-section of street improvement at Las Vegas", prepared by the
Department of Highways March 7th, 1924, and be it therefore further		

RESOLVED, that the Department of Highways include in the improvement of Fremont
Street the repairing of all cement curbs where necessary between Main and Third Streets, the
removal of the existing timber curbs between Third and Fifth Streets, and their replacement
with cement curbs.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield and his
Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, aye, Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting, to be held on Tuesday, September 2nd, 1924, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

			CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 2,1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, hold on the 2nd day of September, A.D. 1924. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners
F.E. Matzdorf and A.R. Anderson, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham and the City Clerk, Com-
missioners W.H. Elwell and C.R. Shield being absent.

At this time it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner 
Matzdorf, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, the 3rd day of September, A.D. 1924, at the hour
of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, and His Honor
the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 3,1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of September, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf and A.R.
Anderson, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham, and the City Clerk, Commissioner s C.R. Shield
and W.H. Elwell being absent.

Minutes of the last regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no omissions
or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the Clerk of this Board: excepting the
following which were held up for further investigation: the claim of the O.K. Plumbing and Sheet

Metal Works, in the sum of $26.42; the claim of the Arcade grocery in the sum of $15.05; the claim
of the Pacific Pipe and Tank Co. in the sum of $1066.80; the claim of the United States Rubber
Co. in the sum of $40.00.

The matter of securing lights for Old Town came up for discussion, and the proposition of
the Consolidated Power Company that said company be allowed the use of the poles for a period
of twenty years, in return for which said company would maintain said poles during such period
of time was rejected.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Tuesday the 7th day of October,

A.D. 1924.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

October 7,1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of October, A.D, 1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf and Shields, together with the City Attorney
and City Clerk, Mayor W.C. German and W.H. Elwell being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, Commissioner Anderson
was appointed Acting Chairman. Voting on said motion Commissioners Matzdorf and Shield ,Aye.
Noes, none. Commissioner Anderson not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was ordered that
the Board adjourn until Wednesday, October 8th,1924, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.
Voting Commissioners Matzdorf and Shield and Acting Chairman Anderson, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. October 8th ,1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of October, A.D 1924, at the hour of.
seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with members F.E. Matzdorf
A.R. Anderson, and C.R. Shield, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham, and the City Clerk,
member W.H. Elwell being absent.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections,
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claim of Ed.

Von Tobel Lumber Company in the sum of $5.50 was held up to be approved by M.I. Newkirk, sexton of
Woodlawn Cemetery.; the claim of United States Rubber Company for new hose was held up, it being
agreed by the company that the City shall have a year in which to pay said claim. The claim
of Pacific Pipe and Tank Company was ordered returned to the company to be properly signed. Upon
presentation of the claim of E.W. Griffith for sidewalk on Second Street, it was ordered, upon
motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield that a warrant for $800.00 be
drawn in favor of Mr. Griffith. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Shield, Matzdorf, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

A communication from J.L. Russell was then read to the Board, and the same was referred to
O.C. Boyer, Division Engineer of the State Highway Department for recommendation.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of R.H. Bay for a gaming license (2 games )
at the Arizona Club, and it appearing to the Board that said application has been approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded
by Commissioner Shield, that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby
directed to issue a gaming license (2 games ) to R.H. Bay, at the Arizona Club, for the quarter
ending December 31st ,1924.
Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of H.W. Ball for a gaming license (2 games)

at the Big Four, for the quarter ending December 31st ,1924, and it appearing to the Board that

said application has been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered

upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, Seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said application be



granted, and that the Clerk be and she hereby is directed to issue a gaming license (2 games ) to H.W.

Ball at the Big Four, for the quarter ending December 31st 1924. Carried unanimously.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A.T. McCarter for a gaming license (2 games)

at the Exchange Pool Hall, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924, and it appearing to the

Board that said application has been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, it was

ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said application

be granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license, (2 games)                               

to A.T. McCarter, at the Exchange Pool Hall, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924. Carried unani-
mously. 				

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license (2 games)

at the Colorado Hotel, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924, and it appearing to the Board that

said application has been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered,

upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said application be

granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license (2 games)

to Cleto Aguirre, at the Colorado Hotel, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924. Carried unani-
mously. 			

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license (2 games)

at the building behind the First State Bank Bldg, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924, and

it appearing to the Board that said application has been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner

Matzdorf, it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that said application be granted, and

that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license, (2 games) to G. Lopez, situated

in the building at the rear of the First State Bank Building, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924
Carried unanimously.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming

license, (6 games) at the Las Vegas Bar, for the quarter ending December 31st, 1924, and it appearing

to the Board that said application has been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner F.E. Matzdor

it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Shield, that said



application be granted, and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license
( 6 games) to Morgan, Stocker and Horden, at the Las Vegas Bar, for the quarter ending December 31st,
1924. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Shield, and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
voting Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the Board
adjourn until the next regular meeting to the held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1924. Voting on said
motion of adjournment Commissioners Anderson, Shield, and Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. Ger-
man, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. November 4th, 1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. Present
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, A.R. Anderson, and C.R. Shield
together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham, and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the last meeting and adjourned meeting were read, and there being no omissions or
corrections were approved as read.
Reports of officers were read, approved and placed on file in the office of the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file with the City Clerk. The claim of the Arcade Gro-
cery was held up for further investigation, this claim being in the sum of $53.60; the claim of
the Nevada Garage in the sum of 39.90 was held up pending receipt of requisitions; the sum of
$420.00 was ordered paid on the claim of E.W. Griffith and Son for the construction of the side-
walk on Second Street.

At this time the following telegram was presented:

Carson City, Nevada.

Oct. 30, 1924.

City Council, City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Three bids received yesterday on paving and
gravel surface work on city project stop lowest bid on basis of Willite
pavement and which includes cost of preliminary surveys and plans makes
city share approximately thirty-two thousand dollars same cost on basis
of ordinary asphaltic pavement gives city share of approximately twenty-
nine thousand seven hundred a net difference of approximately twenty
three hundred dollars stop bids have been taken under advisement for
ten days in order that your council may give consideration to the matter
and advise us which type of pavement you prefer stop on account of high
temperature range of Vegas territory where danger of waiving exists for
ordinary asphaltic concrete pavement this Board strongly favors Willite
tempered process which should reduce this danger to a minimum.

(Signed) Floyd O. Booe

Auditor State Highway Department

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communications for discussion:

To the Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

It has come to my attention that your Board, on August 14th, last
passed a resolution to the effect that it was your opinion that an asphaltic
concrete pavement would be more satisfactory and cheaper for your city than
any patented process; and that, as a result of this opinion you petitioned
the State Highway Department to construct the pavement through Las Vegas
of asphaltic concrete.

I had hoped that you would find your way clear to adopt WILLITE
which is a patented process. As I explained to you at one of your Chamber
of Commerce lunches, I am now the Chief Engineer of the company sponsoring
this type of pavement.

I believed that you would have po hesitancy in adopting this kind
of pavement- first, because of what I hoped to be your confidence in me
personally; and secondly, because of the argument which I put up to you at
that luncheon and the detailed explanation which I gave of this form of pavement.

The job in Las Vegas is so small that any remuneration that might
come to my people would not be sufficient to care for the expenses involved
in properly inspecting it. I particularly wanted this job, however, because it is
one in which Federal money is invoiced, and its successful completion would
undoubtedly be quite an asset to us in future dealings with the Government
Officials.

Word has also come to me since my appearance in Las Vegas that certain
competitors of our have taken pains to show you photographs of some disintegrated
pavements, stating that they were WILLITE. This is the usual action that is taken
by certain of these people and you should not be misguided by their efforts.

I do not know that the photographs which they showed you were really WILLITE- even
though they are purported to be so, however I will say this, that it would be
possible for anyone to obtain photographs of any type of pavement that would
not be creditable. This is equally true of cement concrete, asphalt or any
patented type.

I can show you here in the immediate vicinity of Las Angeles some cement
that is an absolute disgrace. I could likewise show you some asphalt pavements that
are not good; and with equal frankness I might say that we have one or two jobs
of WILLITE of which we are not proud; but we know the cause of these errors and there
is going to be no repetition of them.

Briefly, WILLITE goes a step further than asphaltic pavement. If you
are of the opinion that- of the asphalt types an asphaltic concrete should be
laid in Las Vegas-- I will say that if it is laid under the WILLITE process, the
same materials would be used except that copper sulphate would be an added ingredient.
This copper sulphate, mixed with the asphalt, has a toughening effect somewhat
similar to the use of sulphue and lamp black in the manufacture of rubber, or the
use of other ingredients such as chrone, manganese, nickle and other compounds in
the tempering of steal. These mixtures make a much better product.

You are no doubt aware of the long life of rubber tires today as compared
with two or three years ago; and certainly you know of the value of tempered steal
as compared with the ordinary product. In a singular degree the copper sulphate acts
upon the asphalt. The practical result of this is that a pavement is obtained which is
from 60 to 100% stronger than a pavement constructed without its use. A pavement
is obtained which will not malform- that is, rut, wave, or become corrugated. Such
a pavement will not "bleed" in hot weather which is sometimes prevalent in this
latitude. All of these things are accomplished at but a slight increase in cost- if any.
The work is thrown open to competitive bidding, and every contractor is required
to bid on the same basis. In addition to the above, we furnish our own corps of inspectors.
The material is first throughly analyzed by our laboratory to find out if it is suitable
for use in the pavement. We furnish a man to stay at the asphalt plant to see that these
materials are put in in the proper proportions, and that they are sufficiently mixed.
Another man is placed on the pavement to see that it is properly laid, rolled and finished.
We keep these men from year to year and they are thoroughly trained and experienced in
their work. This is done as a protection to ourselves and to you. Our future reputation
depends upon the goodness of the work which we now do, and we cannot take a chance of any
of it going wrong. It is a protection to you, because with such care there is a chance
for a much better job.

I earnestly hope that at the next meeting of your Board you will again give this
matter consideration, and ask that the Highway Department proceed with the laying of
WILLITE. I understand that the plans are all drawn for this work, that the specifications

will be approved by the Government as soon as presented and that there will be no delay.

Certainly if there is any doubt in your mind of the value of this pavement
there must be likewise the same doubt of the value of any other. You cannot hope to get
your minds clear about the proposition while listening to the talk of "high-powered"
paving salesman.

I would suggest that, if you cannot do any better you come over here and look
at the different types that have been in use for a considerable period of time.

I want to give you the personal assurance that if WILLITE is laid in Las Vegas
I will use my best efforts to personally see to it that it is a job of which we may all
be proud.

Very truly yours,

0.	C. Cotterell____________

CCC-m	Chief Engineer

Dr. Roy W. Martin
Las Vegas, Nev.

Dear Dr. Martin:

I returned yesterday from Carson City where bids were opened for the paving
in Las Vegas. The low bidder was Christiansen and Costello of Palo Alto. They bid on both
open specifications and Willite, and in each instance were lower than anyone else. The
difference between their bids on these two types of pavement was something like twenty-one
hundred dollars.

On account of the method of financing this project and because the City
of Las Vegas pays a considerable share of its cost, it was decided to refer the matter
to your board of City Commissioners in order to get your views.

I do not intend to endeavor to transmit to you any of the opinions or
actions of the Highway Department. They will undoubtedly do that themselves. I can say
however, that all members of the department were very favorably inclined toward Willite.

I am not exactly clear as to the exact method of financing this project
but do know that the Federal Government has reached their limit of participation, and
consequently, cannot share in this difference. They also have a policy with respect to
this, the same as with respect to preliminary survey and rights-of-way, which, had they
not reached this limit, would preclude their participating.

In my opinion it therefore, comes down to a proposition of either the
City or State paying this difference; that is of course, if you would like to see
Willite laid in Las Vegas. It seems therefore, that your City Commissioners can do one
of three things:

First: Ask the Highway Department to adopt open specifications.

Second: Ask the Highway Department to adopt Willite and assure them that
the City of Las Vegas will pay the difference in cost.

Third: Ask the Highway Department to select Willite, and for them to
pay the difference in cost.

We do not claim that our pavement is the cheaper-- We know it is the best.

Much has been said in Las Vegas about the merits of Willite. I have
endovered in every possible manner to convince your people of its merits.

We have contracts now under way in many of the largest cities throughout
the country; notably, Chicago, St. Louis, Oklahoma City, Dallas Texas, and elsewhere.

These people first made a through study of the pavement which has been laid in other
places before they selected Willite. We have pavement which has been laid longer than
five years, and which today are in excellent condition; in fact, so much that you would
not believe that they had been laid for such a period of time. Willite costs more than
open specifications because there is more to it in the first place, and additional of
construction is used, and in the second place there is a right inspection that insures
its being laid in the best possible manner. The addition of copper sulphate gives an
absolute assurance against rutting and waving, which you know to be so prevalent in many
of the black type pavements. It gives an additional strength of from 50 to 200%—it
prevents "bleeding" in the hot summer weather, and makes the pavement less susceptible
to skidding.

The difference in cost between the two types for which bids were received
is only about 3% when you consider the total bid price. Certainly if we can do these things
to a pavement, that difference in cost is negligible.

Personally, I believe if your City cannot find its way clear to pay this
additional cost, that the Highway Dept. would do it if you would indicate to them that you
are unable to pay the difference and ask them to do it.

I would very much appreciate anything which you might be able to do to get
this paving made Willite. I know that you will make no mistakes that you will have the
assurance of a first class job, and that you will be insured against rutting and waving
and the other things which our process eliminates.
With kindest regards and best wishes, I am
Very truly yours,

C. C. Cotterell

CCC.S

Mayor German and the Honorable City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

At the regular meeting of the Board of Directors of this Chamber held this date
the City paving question was under discussion for some time. It appeared that many members
of the Board are not familiar with the difference existing between Willite and the other
pavements which your Board will probable consider for the City paving job at its next
meeting.

However, there were those present who felt that the hard surfacing given in the
Willite out to be used. Accordingly, the following motion was carried:

"On motion of Mr. Squires second by Mr. Ferron this Board desires to suggest
to the City Commissioners of Las Vegas that Willite paving be used on the Fremont Street
job and that the State Highway Department be asked to pay any additional cost added on
account thereof. Mr. Hinman moved to amend the motion to read in addition to the above
that if the State Highway Department should refuse to pay said additional cost that the
City pay such additional cost. The amendment was accepted by the makers of the motion and
the motion as amended was carried. Mr. Ham voting "No".

It was also ordered that a copy of the motion be given your Honorable Body
before it's meeting to-night.

Very truly yours,

Las Vegas Nevada, Chamber of Commerce.

By S. R. Whitehead____________________________

S.	R. Whitehead, Executive Secretary

SRW/OL

After general discussion, it was decided to wire the Western Willite Company at Los
Angeles, and ask them whether they would agree to make all necessary repairs for a period
of one year after installation, incase the Board expressed a preference for Willite process.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Shield, it was decided to
adjourn until Thursday the 6th day of November, A.D. 1924, at the hour, of three-thirty o'-
clock P.M. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Shield, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor

Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. November 6th ,1924.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of November, A.D. 1924, at the Hour of three-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present, His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with members A.R. Anderson, C.R. Shield,
and F.E. Matzdorf, together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk.

At this time the following telegram was read:

Los Angeles, Calif.

Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

In consideration your city recommending Willite this Company agrees
to make all necessary repairs at its own expense to said pavement for
a period of one year which may be requested by your city provided said
pavement is laid according to the specifications under which the con-
tract is let and also provided said repairs are made necessary by
faulty specifications, by traffic, climatic conditions or any other
disintegrating factors against which a pavement is supposed to be
immune.

(Signed) Western Willite Co.

By C.S. Reed, President.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, the following Res-
olution was adopted:

WHEREAS, the State Highway Department has secured bids for the improvement
of Fremont Street in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, the said State Highway Department recommends the said improvement
of Fremont Street be done by using the Willite process asphaltic concrete,
and

WHEREAS, the Western Willite Company through its president C.L. Reed
agrees, to make all necessary repairs ar its own expense for a period
of one year after completion, which may be requested by Board of City
Commissioners of said City, caused by faulty specifications, traffic,
climatic conditions, or other disintegrating factors against which a
pavement uis supposed to be immune, and

WHEREAS, from the foregoing it appears to the Board of City Commissioners
to be to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to improve
Fremont Street in accordance with the recommendations of the State High-
way department and guarantee of the Western Willite Company, now therefore

BE IT RESOLVED: That the State Highway Department be, and it is hereby
requested and directed to proceed with the improvement of Fremont Street
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, using Willite process asphaltic concrete
surface in accordance with the plans and specifications on file in the
office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.



At this time the question of issuing of an additional Four Thousand ($4000.00) Dollars worth of
bonds to enable the City to meet its full share of the cost of the construction of a highway
through the City of Las Vegas to connect with route 6 of the State Highway system of the State
of Nevada, coming on before the Board, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners by
an Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada that the City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas have the authority to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed $50,000 for the construction
of a highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State highway System
under an act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada in convention assembled, entitled, "An
Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to
issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to
connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the
ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any such bonds,"
approved March 5,1923, and

It further appearing to this Board that Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars worth of
said authorized issue of bonds has been sold for the purpose above mentioned, and it also
appearing that the total costs of the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas
will exceed the sum of $32,000.00, and that the amount of money now in said bond fund is
insufficient to pay the city's share of said cost,

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, the

question being put to the Board, the following Preambles and Resolution were regularly and

duly adopted by the unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and instrict compliance with the provisions and authority of the

constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74 of the
		

laws of the State of Nevada, 1923 being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada
entitled:" An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City
of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and
providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance
of any such bonds," approved March 5,1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue
its bonds in a sum not to exceed $50,000 for the purposes of constructing a highway through
the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of
Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the
requirements of Secs. 2, 3, 4 and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of

Nevada, the question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas to the amount

of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) was submitted to the qualified electors of the City

of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a general city election held in said



City of Las Vegas on the 8 day of May, 1923, of which election Notice having been first duly given
strictly as provided by law, and at which election more than a majority of the votes cast were in
favor of the issuance of said bonds, and the result of the vote upon said question of the issuance
of said bonds having been duly certified to this Board by the election boards conducting said
election, and the result of the vote on said question of the issuance of said bonds having been 
by this Board at a meeting duly and regularly held on the 16th day of May, 1923, declared in the
manner and form and at the same time as other returns of said general city election were can-
vassed and proclaimed; and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas
have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($50,000), and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) of said highway bonds have been authorized by said Act of the legislature of the
State of Nevada, and such issuance ratified by the vote of qualified electors of the City of
Las Vegas at a general city election held as aforesaid; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable for the
best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Vegas Highway
Bonds in the sum of Four Thousand Dollars ($4,000.00) of said authorized issue of Fifty Thou-
sand Dollars ($50,000.00) of said bonds

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions
and authority of said above mentioned Act, and the ratification thereof at said general city
election as aforesaid, it be and is hereby ordered that prior to the 1st day of January 1925,
bonds of said City of Las Vegas in an aggregate amount of not to exceed Four Thousand
Dollars ($4,0.00) exclusive of interest, being a part of said issue so authorized of $50,000
of Las Vegas Highway bonds for the purpose of providing funds for the construction of a high-
way through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the
State of Nevada, be prepared and ready for issuance; that said bonds as so prepared shall
be each in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) numbered from thirty-one to thirty-four
consecutively, and shall bear annual interest at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum
from the date thereof, payable semi-annually on the 1st day of July and the 2nd day of
January of each year, payable at the office of the City Treasurer of said City of Las Vegas,
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada; that said bonds shall be designated
" Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1925 ) series, and shall be dated January 1,1925, and that said
bonds shall be negotiable coupon bonds and shall mature and become payable as follows:

Bonds thirty-one and thirty-two ( 31 and 32) to become due and payable on or before
the first day of July, 1940; bonds thirty-three (33) and thirty-four (34) to become due and
payable on or before the first day of July, 1941.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance, the
lowest bond being the first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said bonds
shall have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest installment
to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall be pay-
able in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard of weight and fineness,
at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada. Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same mature.

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that said bonds and coupons with the necessary variations as
to numbers and maturities, shall be insubstantially the following form, respectively, to-wit:
(Form of Bond)

" NO._____________ UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.	$1000.00

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS
(1925 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to be

indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay the bearer on the ___________________ day of

________________,19________, the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest

thereon from date hereof until paid, at the rate of six per cent (6%) per annum, payable semi-
annually on the first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest to
the date of the maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and
surrender of the annexed interest coupons as they severally become due. Interest on this bond
shall cease on the date the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this
bond are payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America ,at present standard, of weight
and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the principal and interest of these bonds as
they respectively become due, the full faith, credit and resources of said City are hereby
irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities
issued for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect
with Route 6 of the State Highway System, and pursuant to an- election duly called and held at

which more than a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said
bonds, and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted , and is
authorized by and issued in full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and
laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the Session Laws of said State for the
year 1923, and all acts of the Legislature amendatory thereof, and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required
by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed
precedent to and in the issuance of this bond have existed, happened and have been performed in
regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond
together with all other indebtedness of said City does not exceed any constitutional or
statutory limitation.

INWITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this
bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City Treasurer, and authen-
ticated by the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated
with the lithographed facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond
to be dated the ________ day of _______________,19________________.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. December 2,1924.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
on the 2nd day of December, A.D. 1924, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. Present,

His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.H. Elwell and A.R. Ander-
son, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and approved as amended.

Reports of officers were read and approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk of the Board.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

It was order, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf,
that the Clerk be and she is hereby instructed to draw a warrant in favor of E.W. Griffith
and Son in the amount of $739.00 as payment on the concrete sidewalk recently completed on
the west side of Second Street, said warrant to be drawn on Sidewalk Assessment Fund #9.

At this time the clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for
a gaming license, (two games) at the Northern Hotel, the same having been heretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion duly made
and carried that said license for two games at the Northern Hotel be granted to Morgan
Stocker and Horden. Voting on said motion Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell,


AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED: it appearing to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that the sale of said  

Four Thousand ($4,000.00) Dollars of bonds shall be at private sale, as is provided in the above mentioned 
and entitled act, and that the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby directed to give notice of said pro-
posed sale of Four Thousand ($4,000.00) Dollars of bonds to the First State Bank of said
City of Las Vegas and to the, State Board of Finance at, Carson City, Nevada, and ascertain
what they will offer for said bonds.

	Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that
the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 2nd day of December,

1924. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Shield and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On the 1st day of July, (2nd day of January), 19______the City of Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars ,in Gold Coin of the
United States of America at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the
City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semiannual interest then due on
its Highway Bond, dated___________ ______________,19_______. Series 1925.
and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

A communication from the Lae Vegas, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce thanking this Board for its
cooperation in the matter of the paving of Fremont Street by using the Willite Process was
ordered placed on file.

At this time the Clerk presented the resignation of Commissioner Shield as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada. Dec. 2, 1924.

Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners of
Las Vegas:

I hereby tender my resignation as City Commissioner of Las
Vegas to take effect immediately as I am leaving the City indefinitely
to go to work at Los Angeles, Calif.

Thanking you all I wish to remain,

Yours truly,

C.R. Shield

Thereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,
that the resignation of Mr. Shield as City Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las
Vegas, be and the same is hereby accepted. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Mayor requested Mr. Elwell to take charge of the Water, Sewer and Light
Department temporarily.

At this time the Board proceeded with the proposed private sale of Four Thousand ($4,000.00)
Dollars Las Vegas Highway bonds, this being the amount required to complete the payment of the
share of the City of Las Vegas on the improvement of Main and Fremont Streets with Federal
Aid, said proposed sale having been (decided upon at a regular adjourned meeting of this
Board held on the 6th day of November, A.D. 1924.

The Clerk presented the following telegram from the State Board of Finance of the State of
Nevada:

Carson City, Nevada. Nov. 18, 1924.

Florence S. Doherty,

Clerk Board City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

We will purchase your Four Thousand Highway six percent bonds, same price
paid for Thirty Thousand last year namely five thirty basis, if agreeable
wire answer and ship bonds with draft attached for Four Thousand Dollars
plus Two Hundred Twenty Nine Dollars Sixty Cents premium and accrued
interest.

Ed Malley State Treasurer.

Whereupon, after due consideration, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Matzdorf, and unanimously carried, the following resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74 of the
Laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada, being am act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of
Nevada, entitled: An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of
Las Vegas to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and

providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any
such bonds," approved March 5,1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its bonds in a
sum not to exceed $50,000.00 for the purposes of constructing a highway through the City of Las
Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the requirements
of Secs. 2.3.4. and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada, the question of
the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00)
Dollars was submitted to the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark
State of Nevada, at a general election of said City of Las Vegas held in said City of Las Vegas on
the 8th day of May, 1923, notice of which election having been first duly given strictly as provided

by law, and at which election more than a majority of the votes east were in favor of the issuance
of said bonds, and the result of the vote upon said question of the issuance of said bonds
having been duly certified to this Board by the election boards conducting said election and
the result of the vote on said question of the issuance of said bonds having been by this
Beard at a meeting duly and regularly held on the 16th day of May ,1923, declared in the manner
and form and at the same time as other returns of said general election were canvassed and pro-
claimed; and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas have
authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty Thousand
($50,000.00) Dollars, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand

($50,000.00) Dollars of said highway bonds have been authorized by said Act of the Legislature

of the State of Nevada, and such issuance by the Vote of the qualified electors of the City

of Las Vegas at a general city election, held as aforesaid; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable for the

best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time, at private sale,

Las Vegas Highway Bonds in the sum of Four Thousand ($4,000.00) Dollars of said authorized

issue of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars of said bonds; and said Board having received the

above offer of the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada, does, after due consideration,

approve said bid as submitted by the State of Nevada, said bid, in the judgment of the Board

being the highest and best bid that could be secured at this time,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, does hereby accept the bid of the State of Nevada, of Four Thousand

Two Hundred Twenty Nine and 60/100	($4,229.60) Dollars and accrued interest, as is more fully



set forth in their bid hereinabove referred to, said bid being in excess of par and accrued intere
est, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED AND ORDERED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as follows:

Section 1: That for the purpose	of providing funds to	be used in aiding in the construc-
tion	of a highway through said City of	Las Vegas to connect	with Route 6 of the State Highway

System of the State of Nevada, there shall be executed, issued and delivered to the State of
Nevada ,the lawful purchaser of said bonds in the principal aggregate sum of Four Thousand
($4,000.00) Dollars, composed of four bonds numbered consecutively from thirty-one (31) to
thirty-four (34),both numbers inclusive, of the denomination of one thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars
each, dated January 1st,1925, and absolutely due and payable in numerical order serially as follows:
Bonds 31 and 32 to become due	and payable on or before the 1st day of July ,1940; Bonds

33 and 34 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July ,1941.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance, the

lowest bonds to be the first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said bonds shall
have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest installment
to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall be payable
in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard at the office of the City
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same mature.

Section 2; And it is further resolved by the Board that the Four Thousand ($4,000.00)
dollar bond issue be , and the Clerk is hereby authorized to have printed, a coupon bon, and
said bond shall be in substantially the following form, respectively, to-wit:

(FORM OF BOND)

"NO.____	UNITED STATES OF AMERICA	$1000.00

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS
( 1925 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to he indebted

and for value received hereby promises to pay to bearer on the _________________ day of __________________,

19______________, the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest thereon from

date hereof until paid, at the rate of six per eentum (6%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the
first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest to the date of the
maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the
annexed interest coupons as they severally become due. Interest on this bond shall cease on
the date when the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this bond are
payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard, at the office of the
City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt
payment of the principal and interest of these bonds as they respectively become due, the full
faith ,credit and resources of said City are hereby irrevocable pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities, issued
for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6
of the State Highway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which more than
a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings
of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued in full
conformity with requirements of the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including
Chapter 74 of the Session Laws of said State for the year p923 and all acts of the Legislature
amendatory and supplemental thereto.

It further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required by the
Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed precedent to
and in the issuance of this bond , have existed, happened and have been performed in regular and
due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bonds, together with
all other indebtedness of said City, does not exceed any constitutional or statutory limitation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond
to be signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City Treasurer, and authenticated by
the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the lith-
ographed facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond to be dated
the first day of January, 1925.

(FORM OF COUPON )

" NO.___________________ $30.00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of January), 19__________________________, the City of Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars in Gold Coin of the United
States of America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City
Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi annual interest then due on its

Highway Bond, dated _____________________, 19______________, Series 1925.
(FOLLOWING TO APPEAR ON BACK OF BOND:)

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
NO.____________

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BOND (SERIES 1925 )
$1000.00
PER (6%) CENT
SEMI-ANNUALLY
January 2nd and July 1st

Section 3: That each of said bonds herein authorized shall be signed by the Mayor of the
said Board of City Commissioners and by the Clerk of this Board and by her sealed with the
corporate seal of said City, which seal shall be impressed thereon and to be countersigned by the
Treasurer of said City, as above set forth, and said Officers are hereby authorized, ordered and
directed to cause said bonds to be prepared substantially in the form respectively hereinabove
set forth and to execute same for and on behalf of said City as in the manner aforesaid; that
after their execution ,said bonds each of them shall be by the City Treasurer of said City
delivered to the State of Nevada, the lawful purchaser, upon the payment of the aggregate purchase
price, to-wit Four Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Nine and 60/100 ($4,229.60) Dollars and

accrued interest, and when said bonds shall have been delivered to said purchaser, legality of the
indebtedness created by said bonds or the levying and collection of taxes for their payment,
shall not be open to contest by any person or persons, corporation or corporations, or by said
city for any reason whatever.

Section 4. And it is hereby ordered and directed that any Interest falling due on said
Highway Bonds on or before December 1, 1924, shall be and the same is hereby ordered appor-
tioned and paid by the City Treasurer of said City from the General funds of said City or out of any
funds belonging to said city not otherwise apportioned and for the purpose of providing ne-
cessary funds to reimburse said General Fund or other fund or funds for the amount of any
money borrowed from it, and also to pay the interest accrued on said bonds subsequent to
January 1, 1925, promptly and after the same falls due and to constitute and maintain a fund
to be designated " Las Vegas Highway Bonds (Series 1925) redemption and sinking fund",
sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds promptly and as the same falls due and to discharge the
the principal of said bonds promptly at their maturity, there shall be levied and collected

Prepared and issued by

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.
annually a sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal within the boundaries of said City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to pay the interest on said bonds as the same accrues according
the the tenor and the maturity thereof, the principal of said bonds at the time provided therein
and hereinabove set forth in this resolution. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same
manner and at the same time as taxes are assessed and collected in said City of Las Vegas, and the
proceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a special fund.

Section 5. That it be and it is hereby certified, recited and warranted that all conditions
acts and things necessary and essential to the validity of the bonds of said City in this order
mentioned , and required by law to be done, have been duly done and performed and the proceeds to
be derived from the issue of said bonds are immediately necessary for the purpose aforesaid.

Section 6. That the Mayor and Clerk of this Board and the Treasurer of said City ,or
 

any or either of ten are hereby authorized, ordered and directed to furnish the purchaser of said
bonds sufficient transcripts and other documents and proceedings preliminary to the issue and de-
livery of said bonds and the legality and sufficiency thereof and validity of said bonds and the
acts of said officers in the premises are hereby declared ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 7. That the provisions of this resolution and order and each of the bonds issued
and delivered pursuant hereto, shall be and do constitute, and the same are hereby declared to be a
binding and irrevocable contract between said City and purchaser and holder or holders of said
bonds from time to time.

Section 8: That all resolutions and orders or parts thereof of this Board in conflict
with the provisions hereof, or which might in any manner prevent the issuance or delivery or
impair the validity of said bonds be and the same are hereby repealed, rescinded and annulled and this
resolution and order shall be irrepealable until the indebtedness hereby created both as to principal
and interest, shall by said City have been fully paid, certified and discharged.

Approved this 2nd day of December, A.D. 1924.

From the roll call the voting results were as follows: Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, and
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none. 

Thereupon the Clerk presented the claim of the Department of State Highways in the sum
of $32,027.36, as the city's share of the cost of construction of the proposed Federal Aid
Highway through the City of Las Vegas, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that
there is only the sum of $29,082.00 in the Highway Bond fund of said City, it was ordered, upon
motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, and unanimously carried, that
the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby ordered and directed to draw a warrant for the
sum of $29,000.00 in favor of the Department of State Highways of the State of Nevada, and that
the remaining balance of said claim be paid as soon as funds shall have been received from the
sale of the bonds as above set forth.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to
be held on the 6th day of January, A.D. 1925.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Las V gas, Clark County, Nevada. January 6th ,1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of January, A.D 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, W.E. Elwell and A.R. An-
derson, together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham, and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the Clerk was directed
to draw a warrant in favor of E.W. Griffith and Son in the following amounts: $263.02 on the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, and $41.58 on the Sidewalk Assessment Fund #9, said
payments being on account of the construction of the concrete sidewalk on the west side of
Second Street, as per contract between the City of Las Vegas and E.W. Griffith and Son. Voting,
Commissioners Elwell, Matzdorf and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There upon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner

Matzdorf that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to draw a warrant in the sum of $566.80

on the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas, in favor of the Pacific Tank and Pipe Company

of Los Angeles in part payment of the account of $1066.80 due said Company. Voting Commissioners

Matzdorf, Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to draw a warrant in the sum of $3027.36 in favor of the
State Highway Department the balance due on the city's share of the cost of the improvement of
Fremont and Main Streets under Federal Aid. This order was made upon motion of Commissioner
Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, and was passed on the following vote; Commissioners
Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Ronald Gibson for a gaming license
for two games at the Big Four, the same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner
Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license for
two games to Ronald Gibson at the Big Four on First Street. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf,

Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of J.L. McLaurine for a gaming license for

two games at the Exchange Pool Hall on Fremont Street, the same having heretofore been approved

by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner

Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue

a gaming license for two games to J.L. McLaurine at the Exchange Pool Hall on Fremont Street.

Voting Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of R.H. Bay for a gaming license for two

games at the Arizona Club on First Street, the same having been theretofore approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
gaming license for two games to R.H. Bay at the Arizona Club on First Street. Voting Commissioners
Anderson, Matzdorf, and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming
license for five games at the Vegas Bar oh Fremont Street, the same having been theretofore
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of
Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Clerk be and she is hereby
directed to issue a gaming license for five games to Morgan, Stocker and Horden at the Vegas
Bar on Fremont Street. Voting Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming
license for two games at the Northern Bar, the same having been heretofore approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Matzdorf, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried
that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license for two games to
Morgan, Stocker and Horden at the Northern Bar on Fremont Street . Voting Commissioners Elwell,
Anderson and Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication :

Las Vegas, Nevada.

January 5,1925.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada;

Gentlemen:

In reference to Mr. John L. Russell's offer to donate
land dated October 18th, 1924, for a street extension of Clark
Avenue in Original Townsite of Las Vegas through his land
along the South line of N 1/2 of SW 1/4 Sec. 28 and along South line
of N 1/2 of SE 1/4 Sec. 29, Tp. 20 S.R. 61 E.M.D.B.& M. to connect
with the old L.V. & T R.R. grade now used for State Highway,
will state that your Mayor and Councilman A.R. Anderson asked
me to give probable cost of survey to obtain description for
the necessary deed and make plat for city records.

Mr. Russell had planned to lay road out on different
lines and had paid me to make survey of his boundary lines,
and feels that as he is willing to donate the land while
other people are being paid for rights of was, that the city
should be willing to pay for street survey, which I will
guarantee not to cost over Seventy-five ($75.00) Dollars
including a map for filing record in your city records. I
will need two chainmen at $5.00 per day each for two days
and myself at $15.00 per day after which survey I would take
part of day to make up map and deed.

Respectfully yours,

J.T. McWilliams

County Surveyor.

Thereupon, after due consideration, the Clerk was directed, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell,
seconded by Commissioner Anderson, to notify Mr. McWilliams that the city will pay for the
survey as set forth in the above letter in a sum not to exceed $75.00, said sum to be paid
to Mr. McWilliams upon delivery to the city of deed to a fifty foot right of way, as above
described. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the
Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 3rd day of February, A.D. 1925.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 28,1925.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 28th day of January, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson ,W.H. Elwell, F.E. Matzdorf
together with the City Attorney, A.W. Ham and the City Clerk.

The Clerk, upon the call to order, proceeded to read the following Call for Special Meeting
and Notice of Special Meeting:
	CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING

	Las Vegas, Nevada, Jany. 28, 1925

To the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas and to Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be held at the office
of the City Clerk in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, on Wednesday the 28th day of January, 1925, at the hour of
three thirty o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the
resignation of A.W. Ham, as City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas
and to consider and act upon the appointment of a successor in the
event the resignation heretofore tendered is accepted. And the City
Clerk is hereby directed to give notice of said meeting in pursuance
with this call therefor.

_____W.C. German_________________

Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF THE
BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS.

Las Vegas, Nevada. Jany, 28, 1925.

To the members of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

In pursuance of a call this day made in writing by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas for a special meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners, I hereby in pursuance of said call
give you and each of you notice that a special meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
will be held at the office of the City Clerk in the County
Court House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday, the
28th day of January, 1925, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock P.M. of
said day, to consider and act upon the resignation of A.W. Ham,
as City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, and to consider and
act upon the appointment of a successor in the event the
resignation heretofore tendered is accepted.

Witness my hand and the seal of said City.

Florence S. Doherty__________________

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We hereby acknowledge due service of the above and foregoing
notice this 28th day of January, 1925.

(Signed) F.E. Matzdorf
A.R. Anderson
W.H. Elwell

City Commissioners
W.C. German

Mayor.

Thereupon the Clerk read the resignation of A.W. Ham, as City Attorney, as follows:

	Las Vegas, Nevada. Jan. 28, 1925.

To the Mayor and City Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I hereby resign as City attorney of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada.

My private legal business is such that I am compelled
to devote all my time to same.

Respectfully

A.W. Ham

whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, it was
ordered that Mr. Ham's resignation be accepted, to take effect at once. The vote on said
motion was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor,
W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Mayor announced that nominations were in order for the appointment of
a city attorney, to fill the place of A.W. Ham, resigned, whereupon Commissioners Anderson
nominated F.A. Stevens. Commissioner Matzdorf seconded the nomination.

It was moved by Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, that the
nominations for the position of City Attorney be closed. Voting Commissioners Anderson,
Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Mayor presented the name of F.A. Stevens, the nominee for the position of
City Attorney, and it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, that F.A. Stevens be appointed City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, said appointment to take effect upon his taking the oath of office required by
law and upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of one-
thousand dollars; and it was further ordered that W.C. German, the mayor of said City of
Las Vegas, be and he is hereby authorized to approve said bond when same shall be pre-
sented by Mr. Stevens. Voting: Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the
Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on
Tuesday, the 28th day of January, A.D. 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Voting
Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes,
none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA.

FEB. 3, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of February, A.D. 1925 , at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W. H. Elwell and F.R. Mat-
zdorf together with the City attorney F.A. Stevens and the City Clerk.

The minutes of the previous regular and special meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections, were approved as read.

Reports of officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the Office of the Clerk. The Claim of
R. E. Cowan for services as City Police was reduced from the sum of $100 to $85 on recommendation
of the Police & Fire Commissioner.

At this time A.A. Hinman requesting the repeal of Ordinance No. 75 of the City of Las
Vegas. After listening to Mr. Hinmans statement an order was made, and motion of Commissioner El-
well, instructing the City Attorney to draw an ordinance repealing subdivision 27 of section 1 of
ordinance no. 75 of the City of Las Vegas. The vote on said motion was as follows:- Commissioners
Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read a communication from Mr. H. A. Whiteneck, principal of the
High School containing recommendations for the revision of the existing curfew law, whereupon and
order was made, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, instructing
the City Attorney to draw an amendment to the curfew ordinance (Ordinance No. 20) conforming to the
recommendations contained in Mr. Whiteneck's letter.

An order was made upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Elwell
directing the Clerk to draw a warrant in favor of E. W. Griffith & Son, in the sum of $60., the
balance due on contract for concrete cement sidewalk on the west side of second street.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license (two games)
at the Elwell building back of the First State Bank, the same having been therefore approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, that
said application be granted, Seconded by Commissioner Elwell. The Clerk was ordered to issue a 
gaming license for two games to the applicant, G. Lopez.
At this time the Board took under consideration the City Budget and tax levy for the
year 1925, and the matter was continued for further discussion at a regular adjourned meeting
to be held on Tuesday, the 17th day of February at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.

At this time C.C. Boyer, Division Engineer of the Department of Highways of the
State of Nevada, presented to the Board the proposition of altering the original plan of con-
struction of the Federal Aid Highway through the City of Las Vegas, whereby the Willite surface
was to be laid over the present base, and stated to the Board that this plan did hot meet with
the approval of the Bureau of Public Roads; that said Bureau of Public Roads believed that un-
less the present base were removed the street when finished would be much too high. Thereupon,
after considerable discussion, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded
by Commissioner Matzdorf, that this Board enter into an agreement with the State Highway De-
partment to have the base removed, as above suggested, and it appearing to the Board that the
cost of the said proposed work to the City will be $3318.00, it was further ordered that this
Board shall make available for said work the above mentioned sum of $3318.00. Voting on said
Resolution Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes,
none.

	Thereupon the Board took under advisement the question of issuing an additional Four Thousand
($4,000.00) Dollars worth of bonds to meet the cost of the additional work decided upon in con-
nection with the construction of a Federal Aid Highway through the City of Las Vegas to con-
nect with route 6 of the State Highway system of the State of Nevada, it appearing to the Board
that the amount of money now remaining in the State Highway Fund is insufficient to cover the
cost of said proposed additional work, and it also appearing to the Board of City Commissioners
by an Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada that the City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas have the authority to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed $50,000.00 for the
construction of a highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State
Highway System under an act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada in convention assembled,
entitled, "An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of
Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway system of the State of Nevada, and
providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of
any such bonds," approved March 5,1923, and

It further appearing to this Board that Thirty Four Thousand ($34,000.00) Dollars worth
of said authorized issue of bonds has been sold for the purpose above mentioned, and it also
appearing that the further sum of $3,318.00 is required for additional work in connection
with said construction, and it further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the
amount of money now remaining in the State Highway Fund of the said	City of Las Vegas	is

insufficient to meet	the cost of the additional work contemplated,

NOW, THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, the
question being put to the Board, the following Preambles and Resolutions were regularly and
duly adopted by the unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, pursuant and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74 of the
laws of the State of Nevada ,1923, being an act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of
Nevada, "entitled: "An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through
said City of Las Vegas to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of
Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the
issuance of any such	bonds," approved March 5,1923, the City of Las	Vegas was authorized	to

issue its bonds in a	sum not to exceed $50,000.00) for the purpose	of constructing a	highway

through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway system of the State
of Nevada; and
WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the
requirements of Secs. 2, 3, 4 and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada,
the question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas to the amount of Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) was submitted to the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a general city election held in said City of Las Vegas
on the 8th day of May, 1923, of which election Notice having first been duly given strictly as
provided by law, and at which election more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of
the issuance of said bonds, and the result of the vote upon said question of the issuance of said
bonds having been duly certified to this Board by the election boards conducting said election,
and the result of the vote on said question of the issuance of said bonds having been by this
Board at a meeting duly and regularly held on the 16th day of May, 1923, declared in the manner
and form and at the same time as other returns of said general city election were canvassed and
proclaimed; and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas
have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00), and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand
Dollars of said highway bonds has been authorized by said act of the legislature of the State
of Nevada, and such issuance ratified by the vote of qualified electors of the City of Las
Vegas at a general city election held as aforesaid; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable for the
best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Vegas Highway
bonds in the sum of Four Thousand Dollars ($4,000.00) of said authorized issue of Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($50,000.00) of said bonds, and that same be sold at private sale,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that pursuant to and incompliance with the provisions
and authority of said above mentioned Act, and the ratification thereof at said general city
election as aforesaid, it be and is hereby ordered that prior to the 1st dap of January 1925,
bonds of said City of Las Vegas in an aggregate amount of not to exceed Four Thousand Dollars,
($4,000.00) exclusive of interest, being a part of said issue so authorized of $50,000.00
of Las Vegas Highway bonds for the purpose of providing funds for the construction of a high-
way through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway system of the
State of Nevada, be prepared and ready for issuance? that said bonds as so prepared shall be
each in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) numbered from thirty-five (35) to Thirty-
eight (38) consecutively, and shall bear annual interest at the rate of six per centum (6%)
per annum from the date thereof, payable semi-annually on the 1st day of July and the 2nd day of
January of each year payable at the office of the City Treasurer of said City of Las Vegas,
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada; that said bonds shall be designated
"Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1925 series )", and shall be dated January 1,1925, and that said
bonds shall be negotiable coupon bonds and shall mature and become payable as follows:

Bonds thirty-five (35) and thirty-six (36) to become due and payable on or before the
first day of July, 1942; bonds thirty-seven (37) and thirty-eight (38) to become due and payable
on or before the first day of July, 1948.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance, the
lowest bond being the first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said bonds
shall have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest installment to
date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall be payable
in gold coin of the United States of America, at present standard of eight and fineness, at the
office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada. Interest on said bonds shall cease as the sane mature.

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that said bonds and coupons with the necessary variations as to
numbers and maturities, shall be in substantially the following form, respectively, to-wit:
(FORM OF BOND)

" No.______________ UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

STATE OF NEVADA

COUNTY OF CLARK	$1000.00

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS.

(1925 SERIES )

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, Municipal corporation
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to he

indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay the bearer on the_____________________day of

____________,19___________the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest

thereon from date hereof until paid, at the rate of six per cent (6%) per annum, payable semi-
annually on the first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest to
the date of the maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and
surrender of the annexed interest coupons as they severally become due. Interest on this bond
shall cease on the date the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this
bond are payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard, of weight
and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and forth prompt payment of the principal and interest of these bonds as
they respectively become due, the full fiaht, credit and resources of said City are hereby
irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series like date, tenor and amount but different maturities
issued for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect
tith Route 6 of the State Highway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at
which more than a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said 
bonds, and proceeding of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and it
authorized by and issued in full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and
laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the Session Laws of said State for the
year 1923, and all acts of the Legislature amendatory thereof, and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required
by the Constitution of laws of the state of Nevada to exist, happen and to be preformed
precedent to and in the issuance of this bond have existed, happened and have been preformed in
regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond
together with all other indebtedness of said City does not exceed any constitutional or statutory
limitations.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of Said City have caused this
bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City Treasurer, and authenticated
by the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the
lithographed facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond to be
dated the____________day of _____________________, 19____________.
On the 1st day of July, (2nd day of January), 19_________, the City of Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars, in Gold Coin of the United
States of America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer,
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semiannual interest then due on its Highway Bond, Dated
________________________________, 192 _______. Series 1925.

AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED: it appearing to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas
that the sale of said Four Thousand ($4,000.00) Dollars of bonds shall be at private sale, as is
provided in the above mentioned and entitled act, and that the Clerk of this Board be and she is here-
by directed to give notice of said proposed sale of Four Thousand ($4,000.00) Dollars of bonds to the
Sate Board of Finance at Carson City, Nevada, and ascertain what they will offer for said bonds.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the Board ad-
journ until the next regular meeting to be held on the 17th day of February, 1925. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 17th ,1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on Tuesday the 17th day of February, A.D. 1925, at the hour of seven-
thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, F.E. Matzdorf
and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, and the City Clerk.

At this time the City attorney read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 108 of the
City of Las Vegas, being an amendment to section 1 of Ordinance No. 75 of the City of Las Vegas,
and same was passed to the second reading upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Elwell, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell, Anderson and His Honor
the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the City Attorney read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 109 of the City
of Las Vegas, the same being an ordinance to prevent children under eighteen years of age from
loitering on the public streets or in other public places in the City of Las Vegas at night,
and the sane was passed to the second reading on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by
Commissioner Elwell, and passed on the following vote, to-wit: Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell,
Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the matter of instructing the City Attorney
to draft a new dance ordinance, as per the recommendation of the Grand Jury of Clark County, and
after considerable discussion the matter was continued until the next regular meeting for fur-
ther discussion.

On motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the City Attorney was
instructed to draft an ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 107 of the City, of Las Vegas, 
instructing the City Attorney to make it within the discretion of the Board to revoke the li-
cense of the proprietor after conviction , instead of mandatory by changing the word "must"
to "may ", and such other amendment as are necessary to carry out the intent of the ordinance.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell, Aye. His Honor
the Mayor, W.C. German, No.

Upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that
the prosecution of the case pending under Ordinance No. 107 of the City of Las Vegas be put over
until the 3rd day of March, 1925, pending the first and second readings of the proposed amendments
to said ordinance. Voting on said motion Commissioner Elwell, Matzdorf, and Anderson, Aye.

His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

This being the time set by law for the preparation of a Budget, thereupon the Board pro-
ceeded to take up the budget and tax levy for the year 1925, in accordance with the provisions
of the State of Nevada, and the matter being discussed at length it was ordered, upon motion
being duly made by Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the following
Budget be adopted. Voting on said motion: Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Hon-
or the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1925.

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the year ending
December 31, 1925, as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of
Nevada, 1923.

RECEIPTS	Actual	Estimated	EXPENDITURES	Actual	Estimated	Est.	

1924	1925	1924 1925 Tax	Bate

Licenses -------$11,795.35	$12,000.00	Administration

Fines------------ 5,352.50	5,000.00	General----------$	6,744.47            $ 7,340.00	     $.000

Poll Taxes------ 5,568.00	5,000.00	Salary -------- 3,650.00	3,660.00	.125

Police and Fire

Protection----------—	7,611.25	8,000.00	.000

Streets and Alleys--------- 10,600.27	10,000.00	.195

Light----------------------------  3,481.80	4,000.00	.095

Cemetery-------------	1,419.70	1,500.00	.06

Publicity----------------------------------- 1,066.65	2,000.00	.075

Sewer Bond Int.------	1,800.00	1,400.00	.02

Sewer Bond Redemption 4,000.00	4,000.00	.14

Highway Bond Int.—-- 1,800.00	3,240.00	.09

Highway Bond Red.-----	2,000.00	.08

Surplus Funds-------------------- 2,700.00

Taxes Collected

1924-- 18,099.81
Taxes Required,

1925--------------------22.440.00

$42,174.14	$47,140.00 $.880

Totals	$40,815.66	$47,140.00

Actual, 1924. Estimated, 1925

Realty---------------------------------$1,302,493.00	$1,300,000.00

Improvements --------------------------   766,155.00	760,000.00

Personal--------------------------------  493.132.90	490.000.00

Totals	$2,561,780.00	$2,550,000.00

Tax Rate on $100-------------------;-----------------------------.88

Cash on Hand, January 1,1925	$14,697.85

Balance due from Second Half Taxes, 1925--------------- 10,000.00

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commissioner An-
derson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf:

BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor and
attested by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the City Clerk and a copy thereof be
published in a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications,
one week apart. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson,
and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las
Vegas for the year 1925. Upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and duly
carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of twelve and one-half cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied
collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such proper-
ty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of nineteen and one-half cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year, 1925, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of nine and one-half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1925, including the met proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known add used as the Light Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of six cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, Col-
lected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Cemetery Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of seven and one-half cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be levied, collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Publicity Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of two cents on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Sewer Bond Interest
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of fourteen cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of nine cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Highway Bond Interest
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of eight cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1925, including the net proceeds of mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known and used as the Highway Bond Redemption
Fund of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Matzdorf, Anderson and Elwell, and
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to notify the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established and levied
by this Board for the year 1925, and to direct said Board of County Commissioners to levy and
cause to be collected and paid the sum of eighty-eight cents on each one hundred dollars

worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
including the net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation. Voting
on said Resolution Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell and Anderson, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes
none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, second-
ed by Commissioner Matzdorf;

RESOLVED that licenses and fines collected in the City of Las Vegas during the year
1925 be divided as follows, to-wit: General Fund, 50%; Police and Fire Fund, 50%. Voting on
said Resolution Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell, and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, the
25th day of February, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three-thirty o'clock P.M., when it shall
again convene to consider such matters as may be brought before it at that time. Voting on
said motion Commissioners Matzdorf, Elwell and Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 25th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 25th day of February, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three-thirty
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W.H.

Elwell and F.E. Matzdorf, together with the City Attorney F.A. Stevens, and the City Clark.

At this time the Clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 110 of the City of
Las Vegas, the same being an amendment to Ordinance No. 107, and the same was ordered passed
to the second reading on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell.

Voting Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board proceeded with the proposed private sale of Four Thousand
($4,000.00) Dollars Las Vegas Highway bonds, this being the amount required to take care of
unforseen additional work on the improvement of Main and Fremont Streets under Federal Aid, said
proposed sale having been decided upon at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 3rd day
of February, A.D 1925.

The Clerk presented the following telegrams, sent by herself to the State Finance Commission
and received from said Commission:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

February 4,1925.

Ed. Malley, State Treasurer,

Carson City, Nevada.

Will State purchase additional four thousand Las
Vegas Highway bonds at same price stop Unforseen
additional work on Federal Aid Highway through City
require more funds than contract originally stip-
ulated stop please wire our expense.

Florence S. Doherty,

City Clerk.

Carson City ,Nev.

Feb. 4, 1925.

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

We will purchase bonds as per telegram
received stop. Advise when ready and we will
forward money.

Ed. Malley, State Treasurer.

Thereupon, after due consideration, the following Resolution was adopted, on motion of
Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf:
WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of
the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74
of the Laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the
State of Nevada, entitled:" An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway
through said City of Las Vegas to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the
State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election
before the issuance of any such bonds," approved March 5th, 1923, the City of Las Vegas was
authorized to issue its bonds in a sum not to exceed $50,000.00 for the purpose of constructing
a highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of
the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said act, and particularly with the re-
quirements of Secs. 2,3,4, and 5 of said Chapter 74 if the laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada
the question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of
Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars was submitted to the qualified electors of the City of
Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a general election of said city of Las
Vegas held in said City of Las Vegas on the 8th day of May, 1923, notice of which election
having been first duly given strictly as provided by law, and at which election more than
a majority of the votes cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and the result of the
vote upon said question of the issuance of said bonds having been duly certified to this Board
by the election boards conducting said election and the result of the vote on said question
of the issuance of said bonds having been by this Board at a meeting duly and regularly held on
the 16th day of May, 1923, declared in the manner add form and at the same time as other re-
turns of said general election were canvassed and proclaimed; and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas
have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty
Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand
($50,000.00) Dollars of said highway bonds have been authorized by said Act of the Legislature
of the State of Nevada, and such issuance by the vote of the qualified electors of the City
of Las Vegas at a general city election, held as aforesaid, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable for the
best interests of the City of Las Vegas, that it offer for sale at this time, at private sale,
Las Vegas Highway Bonds in the sum of Four Thousand ($4,000.00) Dollars of said authorized
issue of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars, and said Board having received the offer of the
State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada for the sum of $4,229.60 and accrued interest, as
is more fully set forth in their bid hereinabove referred to, said bid being in excess of par
and accrued interest, and said bid in the judgment of the Board being the highest and best bid
that could be secured at this time,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, does hereby accept the bid of the State of Nevada, of Four Thousand
Two Hundred twenty Nine and 60/100 ($4,229.60) Dollars and accrued interest, said bid being
in excess of par and accrued interest, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED AND ORDERED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as follows:

Section 1. That for the purpose of providing funds to be used in aiding in the construction
of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System
of the State of Nevada, there shall be executed, issued and delivered to the State of Nevada, the
lawful purchaser of said bonds in the principal aggregate sum of Four Thousand ($4,000.00)
Dollars, composed of four bonds numbered consecutively from thirty-five (35) to thirty-eight
(38) both numbers inclusive, of the denomination of one thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars each
dated January 1st, 1925, and absolutely due and payable in numerical order serially as follows:
Bonds 35 and 36 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1942; bonds
37 and 38 to become due and payable on or before the 1st day of July, 1943.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance the lowest
bonds to be the first redeemed and so on until the whole amount of said bonds shall have paid
and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached each representing each interest installment
to date of maturity of the principal. Both interest and principal of said bonds shall be payable
in Gold Coin of the United States of America ,at present standard at the office of the City
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same mature.

Section 2; And it is further resolved by the Board that the Four Thousand ($4,000.00)
dollar bond issue be, and the Clerk is hereby authorized to have printed, a coupon bond, and
said bond shall be in substantially the following form, respectively- to-wit;

(FORM OF BOND)



UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

"NO.______ STATE OF NEVADA	$1000.00

COUNTY OF CLARK

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS
(1925 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation duly or-
ganized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to be indebted

and for value received hereby promises to pay the bearer on the _______day of ___________,19_____

the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars. together with interest thereon from date hereof
until paid, at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the first
day of July, and the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest to the date of the mat-
urity of the principal is evidence by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the

annexed interest coupons as they severally become due. Interest on this bond shall cease on

the date when the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this bond are

payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard, at the office of the

City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt

payment of the principal and interest of these bonds as they respectively become due, the full

faith, credit and resources of said City are hereby irrevocable pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities,
issued for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with
Route 6 of the State Highway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which

more than a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds,

and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized
by and issued in full conformity with requirements of the Constitution and laws of the State
of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the Session Laws of said State for the year 1923 and all acts
of the Legislature amendatory and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required by
the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed pre-
cedent to and in the issuance of this bond, have existed, happened and have been performed in
regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond, to-
gether with all other indebtedness of said City, does not exceed any constitutional or statutory
limitation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this
bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City, Countersigned by the CITY Treasurer, and auth-
enticated by the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated
with the lithographed facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond
to be dated the 1st day of January,, 1925.
(FORM OF COUPON)

"NO.________________ §30.00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of January), 19_______, the City of Las Vegas, in the County

of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars in Gold Coin of the United States of
America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi annual interest then due on its Highway Bond, Dated____________

19_____________, Series 1925.

Mayor

Countersigned:

City Treasurer.

(FOLLOWING TO APPEAR ON BACK OF BOND:)

UNITED STATES OF. AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA

COUNTY OF CLARK
NO._____________

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BOND (SERIES 1925)

 $1000.00
PER (6%) CENT
SEMI*ANNUALLY
January 2nd and July 1st

Prepared and issued by	

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

MAYOR	

ATTEST:

———		CLERK	'

COUNTERSIGNED:

CITY TREASURER.

Section 3: That each of said bonds herein authorized shall be signed by the Mayor of the
said Board of City Commissioners and by the Clerk of this Board and by her sealed with the corporate
seal of said City, which seal shall be impressed thereon and to be countersigned by the Treasurer
of said City, as above set forth, and said Officers are hereby authorized, ordered and directed to
cause said bonds to be prepared substantially in the form respectively herein above set forth and to
execute same for and on behalf of said City as in the Manner aforesaid; that after their execution, said
bonds each of them shall be by the City Treasurer of said City delivered to the State of Nevada, the
lawful purchaser, upon the payment of the aggregate purchase price, to-wit Four Thousand Two Hundred
Twenty Nine and 60/100 ($4,229.60) Dollars and accrued interest, and when said bonds shall have been
delivered to said purchaser, legality of the indebtedness created by said bonds or the levying and
collection of taxes for their payment, shall not be open to contest by any person or persons,
corporation or corporations, by said city for any reason whatsoever.
Section 4. And it is hereby ordered and directed that any interest falling due on
said Highway bonds on or before December 1, 1925, shall be and the same is hereby ordered appor-
tioned and paid by the City Treasurer of said City from the General funds of said City or out
of any funds belonging to said City not otherwise apportioned and for the purpose of providing
necessary funds to reimburse said General Fund or other fund or funds for the Amount of any 
money borrowed from it, and also to pay the interest accrued on said bonds subsequent to
January 1, 1926, promptly and after the same falls due and to constitute and maintain a fund
to be designated "Las Vegas Highway Bonds (series 1925) redemption and sinking fund," sufficient
to pay the interest on said bonds promptly and as the same falls due and to discharge the 
principal of said bonds promptly at their maturity, there shall be levied and collected annually a
sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal within the boundaries of said City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to pay the interest on said bonds as the same accrues according
to the tenor and the maturity thereof, the principal of said bonds at the time provided therein
and hereinabove set forth in this resolution. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same
manner and at the same time as taxes are assessed and collected in said City of Las Vegas, and the
proceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a special fund.

Section 5: That it be and it is hereby certified, recited and warranted that all
conditions acts and things necessary and essential to the validity of the bonds of said City in
this order mentioned, and required by law to be done, have been duly done and performed and the
proceeds to be derived from the issue of said bonds are immediately necessary for the purpose
aforesaid.

Section 6: That the Mayor and Clerk of this Board and the Treasurer of said City, or
any of either of them are hereby authorized, ordered and directed to furnish the purchaser of
said bonds sufficient transcripts and other documents and proceedings preliminary to the issue
and delivery of said bonds and the legality and sufficiency thereof and validity of said bonds
and the acts of said officers in the premises are hereby declared ratified, approved and con-
firmed.	

Section 7: That the provisions of this resolution and order and each of the bonds

issued and delivered pursuant hereto, shall be and to constitute, and the same are hereby de-
clared to be a binding an irrevocable contract between said City and purchaser and holder or
holders of said bonds from time to time.

Section 8: That all resolutions and orders or parts thereof of this Board in conflict
with the provisions hereof, or which might in any manner prevent the issuance or delivery
or impair the validity of said bonds be and the same are hereby repealed, rescinded and an-
nulled and this resolution and order shall be irrepealable until the indebtedness hereby created
both as to principal and interest, shall by said City have been fully paid, certified and dis-
charged.

Approved this 25th day of February, A.D. 1925.

From the roll call the voting results were as follows: Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, 

and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W. C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be
held on the 3rd day of March, A.D. 1925.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. March 3rd, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of, Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of March, A.D 1925, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.
Present Commissioners F.E. Matzdorf, A.R. Anderson and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney,

F.A. Stevens, and the city clerk, the Mayor, Hon. W.C. German, being absent. In the absence of the
Mayor, the Mayor Pro Tem ,W.H. Elwell took the chair.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read and there being no om-
issions or corrections, same were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claims of

S.W. Craner was laid over for future action, said claims being in the amount of $21.50. The
claim of C.M. Petersen in the sum of $80.00 was held up because same was not accompanied by
requisitions.

It appearing to the -Board that the sum of $348.47 was paid out of the General Fund of
the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of publishing Notices of Sale of Highway Bonds, printing
of said bonds and express on same, and said sum of $348.47 being a just charge against the
Highway Bond Fund of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas be and he is
hereby directed to transfer the sum of $348.47 from the Highway Bond Fund of the said City of
Las Vegas to the General Fund of said City of Las Vegas, and it is further ORDERED that the
Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby directed to transmit to said city treasurer a cer-
tified copy of this Resolution. Said resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf,
seconded by Commissioner Anderson, and passed on the following vote: Commissioners Matzdorf and
Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 108 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to Repeal Section 1 of Ordinance No. 75 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to Amend Section Seven of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing for the purpose of regulation
and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within
the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon
the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or
conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14, and 35"
approved December 3,1913, and amended Dec. 13, 1915, by Ordinance No. 62 of the City of Las Vegas, and
further amended March 5th, 1919 by Ordinance No. 74 of the City of Las Vegas by amending subdivision
27 of said Section 7, and by adding a new subdivision to be known as subdivision No. 44 to said
Section 7." Same was passed and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson
and Elwell, Aye. Noes, none. The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published for one week
( one issue) in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 109 of the City of Las

Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to Prohibit Children and Minors under the age of eighteen years

from loitering around the Streets and other public places in the City of Las Vegas at night ,

providing penalties, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in Conflict herewith,"


and same was passed and adopted on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com. Anderson, 

upon the following vote: Commissioners Matzdorf and Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, Aye. Noes, none. 

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper 

published in the City of Las Vegas, for one week ( one issue).
Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 110 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Sections or Paragraphs 2,3, and 4 of Ordinance No. 107
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to prevent the permitting of Minors to Visit Houses
of Ill Fame or Gambling Houses, Regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for
the violation of this Ordinance; and repealing all Ordinance and parts of Ordinances in Conflict
therewith," and by adding thereto a Section or Paragraph to be known as '5a', and same was passed

and adopted upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, upon the
following vote; Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, Aye. Noes, none The
Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published for one week ( one issue ) in the Las Vegas

Review a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time a deed to a strip of land through the Russell ranch, the same being donated

for use as a city street, was presented to the Board for acceptance. After considerable discussion
as to terms and time in which graveling of said street must be done, it was ordered laid over
for further discussion.

Thereupon the Board took under consideration a Petition from residents of the Original
Townsite for more adequate fire protection, and after discussion of the matter, the Board decided
to make a visit to said Original Townsite and to make arrangements for securing water and install-
ing an alarm system.

Thereupon the Clerk read a communication from the Las Vegas Business men's association
requesting the enforcement of the city ordinance prohibiting the allowing of dogs to run at
large in the City of Las Vegas, and the matter was referred to Police and Fire Commissioner
Matzdorf for action.

It appearing to the Board that this is the time for considering the election to be held for
the purpose of electing a Mayor and four Commissioners for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, it
was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Ander-
son, that the following Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the Board:

RESOLVED that under the provisions of Section 3 of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, a general election shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday,
every odd numbered year dating from the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1923, and
it appearing therefrom that a General election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held
on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1925, and the matter coming up regularly
to be heard and arrangements made therefor, on motion duly made and carried, the following
resolutions were adopted, to-wit:

RESOLVED that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held at the
Administration Building of the City and County Fair Grounds, for Voting Precinct No. 1, and
at the building known as the Public Library Building situate on Block 20 of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite, for Voting Precinct No. 2, and the garage of the Clark Forwarding Company situ-
ate in the rear of Lot 26, Block 7, of said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, on the 5th day of May,

1923,	for the election of a Mayor and four Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas: that the
polls be opened at 8 o'clock a.m. and close at 6 o'clock p.m. on said day; that Mrs. Julia P.

Mundy, Emily R. Ball, Anna L. Knickerbocker, Clara Wadsworth and Walter Reeder, Sr. be and they
are hereby appointed as Inspectors and Clerks of election precinct No. 1; that Emma N. Scuyler,
Delphine Squires, Luetta Gill, Lula MacFadden, and Ella V. Hammond be and they are hereby ap-
pointed as Inspectors and Clerks of election precinct No. 2; that Minnie Davison, Minerva
Hanford, James Price, Anna L. Peiffer and Sarah W. Root for Precinct No. 3 be and they are hereby appointed as
Inspectors and Clerks of election precinct No. 3,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that no candidate for office at said election shall be entitled
to have his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least ten days
be fore the date of such election, file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, a certificate of nomination, in writing, containing the name of the person nom-
inated. Such certificate shall be signed and verified by the candidate seeking nomination
and shall show that the nominee therein possesses the qualifications as required by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas; Nevada;

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all provisions of the law relating to general elections so
far as the same shall he made applicable, and not inconsistent with the provisions of the City
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such election;

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he
is hereby authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of said
election. Such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such other matters
necessary to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, the
date, time and places of holding such election, the purpose thereof, the condition under which held,
the names of the Inspectors, the method and manner of classifying the commissioners on ballot
and such other matters as may be deemed proper in the premises

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such Proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Age, a news-
paper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a period
of at least four consecutive weeks, (four issues) prior to the date of such election and printed
copies of such proclamation be posted by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in fifteen
public places in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the same period of time, three of such Proclama-
tions to be posted in each of said voting precincts,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and she
is hereby authorized and directed to notify the duly elected and acting registry agent in and for
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books for the registration of the
voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for said election at the time and in the manner provided
by the laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration of voters in incorporated cities.



Registration books shall be open March 14th, 1925.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purposes of complying with the general law of the
State of Nevada governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified voters of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a full and fair opportunity of casting their ballots at such election
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and it is hereby divided into three (3) voting election precincts
described as follows to-wit:

All that portion of said City lying and being north of the center of Fremont Street shall
be designated and known as Voting Precinct No. 1; all that portion of said City lying and being 
between the center of Fremont Street and the center of Lewis Street shall be designated and known as
Voting Precinct No. 2; and all that portion of said City lying and being south of the center of
Lewis Street shall be designated	and known as Voting Precinct No. 3.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that	the	City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and she

is hereby authorized and directed to have the official ballots prepared and to do and perform all
such acts and give such notices as may be necessary or required of her in order that the said election
may be called and held and the qualified voters may have due notice thereof as required by
the laws of the State of Nevada governing and as required by the provisions of the city charter of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and this Resolution." Voting on said Resolution: Commissioners

Anderson, Matzdorf, and Mayor Pro Tem Elwell, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,

on motion duly made and carried, that  the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held

on the 7th day of April, A.D. 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA.

April 7th ,1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 7th day of April, A.D. 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon.

W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, F.E. Matzdorf, and W.H. Elwell, together
with acting city attorney Harley A. Harmon, and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were, read, approved and placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board. The
claim of the Mesquite Grocery for hay and a broom were referred to W.H. Elwell for further in-
vestigation.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the deed of Mary J. Russell, John L. Russell and D. Pecetto to
the City of Las Vegas to the following described property, to-wit? a parcel of land situate in
Sections 28 and 29, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
the same being a strip of land fifty (50) feet wide, twenty-five (25) feet on each side of the
folio wing described center line: Beginning at a point on the north and south center line of
section 28, Tp.20S., R.68 E., M.D.B.& M, from which the south guarter section corner of said section

28 bears S.O 43'W.,1347.1 feet; thence N.89 36' W.,2661.85 feet to a point from which the section
corner common to Sections 28,29,32 and 33 of said Township bears S.,0 25' E.,1365.7 feet; Thence

N.	88 44' W 1354.41 feet; thence westerly on a curve with a radius of 700 feet ;tangent to last
mentioned course, and convex to the South, a distance of 642.83 feet to the intersection with
the center line of the State Highway from Las Vegas to Tonopah, Nevada, containing 5.08 acres more
or less, as shown on plat hereto attached and made a part thereof.

After due consideration of the matter it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Anderson,

seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that said deed be accepted by the City and that the city

agree to gravel said piece of land for use as a city street within 18 mos. This order was

 passed on the following vote: Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf and

Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Aye. Noes, none.

this time the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a
gaming license for five games at the Vegas Bar, the same having been theretofore approved
by the Police and Fire Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that said application be granted and that the
Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license for five games to Morgan, Stocker and
Horden at the Vegas Bar. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, and Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A.C. Summers for a gaming license for two
(2) games at the Big Four, the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Com-
missioner, whereupon it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried that said application be
granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a license for two (2) games
to A.C. Summers at the Big Four. This order was passed on motion of Commissioner Anderson, sec-
onded by Commissioner Elwell, and the following vote Commissioner Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk then presented the application of J.L. McLaurine for a gaming license (2 Games)
at the Exchange Pool Hall, the same having been theretofore approved by the Police and Fire
Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Com-
missioner Anderson that said application be granted and that the Clerk be and she is hereby direc-
ted to issue a gaming license (2 games) to J.L. McLaurine at the Exchange Pool Hall. Voting on
said motion ;Commissioners Anderson, Elwell and Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,
Aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license (2 games) at
the building in the rear of the First State Bank building, the same having been theretofore approved
by the Police and Fire Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell,
seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the said application be granted and that the Clerk be and 
she is hereby directed to issue a gaming license for two games to G. Lopez at the building back of
the First State Bank Building. Voting on said motion ,Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that the amended charter of the city of Las Vegas grants the
Board of City Commissioners permission to pay the City Marshall and City Policeman a higher
salary than they have heretofore received, and

It further appearing to the Board that said officers of the City of Las Vegas, to-wit the
City Marshall and City Policeman are entitled to an increase in salary since they work long
hours and carry heavy responsibility,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that the salaries of the City Marshall and City Policeman respec-
tively shall and they are hereby increased to the sum of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars per
month, said increase to include the salary for the month of April, payable May 1st, 1925.

Said Resolution was adopted on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, and passed upon the following vote: Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that

the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to draw a warrant for Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars on the 


Treasurer in favor of the Pacific Tank and Pipe Co., of Los Angeles, as payment of a balance due said company.  

Voting on said motion; Commissioners Elwell, Anderson, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by

Commissioner Anderson:

Resolved that the license and fines for the month of March, 1925, be placed to the credit
of the Police and Fire Fund, and be it further resolved that the Clerk of this Board shall so
notify the City Treasurer. Voting on said motion: Commissioners Matzdorf, Anderson, Elwell
and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the resignation of Henry M Lillis as Municipal Judge, as
follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada. April 7th, 1925.

Hon. W.C. German,

Mayor, City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Sir:

Please accept this as my resignation as Municipal Judge for
the City of Las Vegas, said resignation to take effect at once.

Yours very truly

Henry M. Lillis,

Municipal Judge.

Whereupon, it was ordered, on motion duly made and carried, that said resignation be and the

same is hereby accepted to take effect at once. Said motion was made by Commissioner Elwell,

seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, and was passed upon the following vote: Commissioners

Elwell, Anderson, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of a Municipal Judge for the City of Las Vegas, to fill

the vacancy caused by the resignation of Henry M. Lillis, coming on before the Board, and it

appearing that the only application for the position is the verbal application of C.D.

Breeze, the newly appointed Justice of the Peace of Las Vegas Township, it was ordered,

upon motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner, Matzdorf that the said

	

C.D. Breeze, be and he is hereby appointed Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas, at a salary of 
Fifty ($50.00) Dollars per month said appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good 

and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, and upon the taking of the oath 
of office provided by law. It was further ordered that the Mayor be and he is hereby directed to approve said
bond upon presentation by Mr. Breeze. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf,
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time proposed ordinance No. 111 of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled," An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture, Storage or
Keeping, Sale, Offering or Exposing for Sale or Barter, or other Disposal of Intoxicating
Liquors in the City of Las Vegas; Regulating Other Matters pertaining Thereto; Providing
a Penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance, and Repealing All Ordinances and Parts
of Ordinances In Conflict Therewith." On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Com-
missioner Matzdorf, it was ordered that said Ordinance be passed to the second reading.
Voting Commissioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes,
none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that 
the Board adjourn until April 21st, 1925, at the hour of three-thirty o'clock P,M.

Voting: Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April, 21, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of April, 1925, at the hour of three-
thirty o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R.
Anderson, W.H. Elwell, together with acting city attorney, Harley A. Harmon, Esq., and the
City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk read the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada

April 16,1925.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The undersigned is desirous of extending a four
inch water main beginning at the intersection of the alley
in Block 5 in the Hawkins addition to the City of Las
Vegas with Bridger Street, this being the end of the present
main in Block 5 Hawkins Addition, across Bridger Street
and through the alley in Block 6 of the Wardie Addition
and across Lewis Street and through the alley in Block 5
in the Wardie Addition to the intersection of the said
alley with Clark Street, being two blocks in all. We desire
to make this extension within a very short time and beg
permission from you to do the work.

Awaiting your pleasure we are,

Respectfully yours,

South Nevada Land and Development Co,

	By H.D. Buzick, Agent.

Thereupon, after due consideration, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner El-
well, seconded by Commissioner Anderson that the permit for the above mentioned ex-
tensions be granted provided that the said South Nevada Land and Development com-
pany shall cause a fire plug to be installed in the alley of each block at a spot to
be designated by the Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas. Said motion was passed the
following vote: Commissioners Anderson and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following proposed agreement between the City of Las
Vegas and the Consolidated Power and Telephone Company:

THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into in duplicate at
Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, this 21st day of
April, A.D. 1925, by and between the City of Las Vegas, a
municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, by and through its Mayor and Clerk duly author-
ized by resolution duly adopted by the Board of Com-
missioners of said City at an adjourned meeting of said
Board held on the 21st day of April, A.D. 1925, the party
of the first part, and the Consolidated Power and Tel-
ephone Company, a corporation organized and existing
under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada,
by and through its duly authorized officers, the party
of the second part,

WITNESSETH: That the said party of the first part, for
and in consideration of the covenants and agreements
hereinafter to be kept and performed by the said party
of the second part, does hereby give and grant, sub-
ject to the right of sooner termination by either
party upon notice as hereinafter set forth or by rea-
son of the failure of either party to do and perform
any of the covenants hereby agreed to be done and per-
formed, to the said party of the second part for a full
term of ten (10) years, beginning at noon on the 21st
day of April, 1925, and ending at noon on the 21st day of
April, 1935, the right and privilege to the full and free
use for the purposes hereinafter set forth, of that cer-
tain electric transmission line beginning at its con-
nection in the alley at the rear of the Ed. W. Clark
building in said City and extending to and through what
is known as the Original Townsite to said City of Las
Vegas. Said use of said electric transmission line to
include any and all reasonable use for the purpose of
transmitting electrical energy for power, light and
telephone purposes, and shall include the use of the
poles of said line for the purpose of adding thereto
or attaching thereon a wire or wires for the trans-
mission of said electrical energy for said purposes
and also the right of ingress and egress thereto.

And the said party of the second part, for and
in consideration of the use of said electrical trans-
mission line and the poles thereof, as above set forth
, agrees to maintain for said term, at its own cost
and expenses, for the use of said city street lighting
purposes the said transmission line including the main-
tenance and replacement of poles and wire, exclusive of
appurtenances, together with the replacement and main-
tenance of all electric street lighting bulbs up to but
not exceeding twenty-five in number on said line for
street lighting purposes.

	The said party of the second part further agrees

to properly keep and maintain said transmission line
in good condition for street lighting purposes and shall
keep and maintain in good condition all electric light
power and telephone wires, connections and equipment in-
stalled by it and shall keep said city harmless from
any and all liability arising only by reason of said
party of the second part failing or neglecting to so
properly maintain said line.

It is further agreed that the property and equip-
ment, except replacement property and equipment and light
bulbs, used by the party of the second part shall be
and remain the property of the second party and upon
the expiration Or sooner termination of this agreement
may be removed by said second party.

It is further agreed that this agreement may be de-
termined and annulled, without damage for so doing, to the
other, by either party hereto at any time during the life
of this agreement, upon the party desiring to terminate
the same giving to the other six months notice thereof.

It is further agreed that the said party of the first
part shall have the right, at any and all reasonable times
to inspect the said transmission line for the purpose
of ascertaining whether or not the terms and conditions
of this agreement are being complied with.

It is further agreed that upon the expiration or
sooner determination of this agreement that the said
party of the second part will quietly and peaceably
surrender and give up to the said party of the first
part the said property herein allowed to be used by
said second party in as good condition as the same
now is, reasonable wear and tear excepted.

And finally the said party of the second part, in
consideration of the premises, hereby agrees to install
and maintain upon said transmission line all wires and
equipment, and keep up and maintain said line in all
respects, in accordance and in full compliance with
the ordinances of said city and the laws of the State
of Nevada."

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Anderson, the fol-
lowing Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, by and
through its Mayor and Clerk enter into the above proposed agreement with the Consolidated
Power Company, and said Mayor and Clerk are hereby directed to sign said agreement in du-
plicate. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, and His
Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, Joseph Gecman was
granted permission to construct a drive way through the curb and over the side walk at his
place of business on Lot 32, Block 4, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite .Voting on said Resolution
Commissioners Elwell, Anderson and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion duly made and unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on Tuesday, the 5th day of May, A.D. 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'-
clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. May 5th, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of May, A.D. 1935, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock
P.M. Present Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W.H. Elwell, and F.E.
Matzdorf, together with acting city attorney A.S. Henderson and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk of this Board.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 111 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Prohibiting the Manufacture, Storage or Keeping, Sale,
Offering or Exposing for Sale or Barter, or other Disposal of Intoxicating Liquors in the
City of Las Vegas; Regulating other matters Pertaining thereto; Providing a Penalty for
the Violation of This Ordinance and Repealing All Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances In
Conflict therewith," and the same was duly passed and adopted upon motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, upon the following vote: Commissioners Anderson,
Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
on motion duly made and unanimously carried, that the Board adjourn until Monday the
11th day of May, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. when it shall meet to canvass the
vote of the city election held on the 5th of May, 1925, and to transact such other business
as may come before the Board at that time.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF TEE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

May 12th, 1925.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of May, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.,
said meeting being held with the consent of all members of the Board. Present His Honor
the Mayor, W.C. German, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W.H. Elwell and F.E. Matzdorf,
together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

The Board proceeded at this time to make a canvass of the vote cast at the general
city election held on the 5th day of May, 1925, and such canvass resulted as follows:

FOR MAYOR		

W.C. GERMAN

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1 131
"	"	"	"	2	157

"	"	"	"	3	153_____ Total 441

E.W. GRIFFITH

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1               5
"	"	"	"	2	2

"	"	"	"	3 _____3	Total 10

J.F. HESSE

Las Vegas	Precinct	No. 1	245

"	"	"	"	2	158

"	"	"	"	3	76____________Total	 479

FOR COMMISSIONER OF TEE FIRST CLASS

W.B. MUNDY

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1          249

"	"	"	"	2	246

"	"	"	"	3	209_______ Total 704

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE SECOND CLASS

CARROLL, T.M.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1           64
"	"	"	"	2	61

"	"	"	"	3_____37_______ Total	162

HAMMOND, C.J.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1         182

"	"	"	"	2	89

"	"	"	"	3	54_______ Total	335
HEATON J.M. 

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	10

" " " " 2 			   20
"	"	" 3 	    9	Total 39

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	89

"	"	"	"	2	106

"	"	"	"	3	116_______Total 311

MATZDORF. F.E.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	14

"	"	"	" 2	20

"	"	"	" 3	7_________ Total 41

SANTONGUE, VAN

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	7

"	"	"	"	2 	15

"	"	"	"	3	9	Total	31

FOR COMMISSIONER OF TEE THIRD CLASS

HAGGARD. JAMES A.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	144

"	"	"	"	2	149

"	"	"	"	3	132_ Total	425

SMITH OTIS J._________

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	227

"	"	"	" 2	154

"	"	"	" 3	86__________ Total 467

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE FOURTH CLASS

DAY GEO. S._______

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	102

"	"	"	" 2	123

"	"	"	" 3	123	Total 348

ELWELL, W.H.______

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	219

"	"	"	"	2	120

"	"	"	"	3	64________ Total 403

WOODARD, J.W.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	54

"	"	"	" 2	65

"	"	"	" 3	41___________ Total 160

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that J.F. Hesses has received a majority of all votes
cast for the office of Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, be it THEREFORE RESOLVED, on motion of
Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the said J.F. Hesse be and he is
hereby declared to be the duly elected Mayor of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two
years, and be it further RESOLVED that the city clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue
a certificate of election to the said J.F. Hesse. Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners
Anderson, Elwell, and Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that W.B. Mundy has received the majority of all votes
cast for the office of Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas, be it
THEREFORE RESOLVED on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that
the said W.B. Mundy be and Re is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner of the
First Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years, and be it further RESOLVED
that the city clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the
said W.B. Mundy. Voting on said Resolution; Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.
It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that Charles J. Hammond has received the high-
est number of votes cast for the office of Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of
Las Vegas,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, that the said Charles J. Hammond, be and he is hereby declared elected to the
office of the Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas, and

Be IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to the said Charles J. Hammond. Voting on said Resolution; Commissioners
Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that Otis J. Smith received the highest number of votes cast
for the office of Commissioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, that the said Otis J. Smith be and he is hereby declared elected to the office of
Commissioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to the said Otis J. Smith. Voting on said Resolution; Commissioners
Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor ,W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that W.H. Elwell received the highest number of votes cast for
the office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Matzdorf, seconded by Commissioner
Anderson, that the said W.H. Elwell, be and he is hereby declared elected to the
office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to the said W.H. Elwell. Voting on said Resolution Commissioners



Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it



was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next

	
regular meeting to be held on the day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock	

P.M. Voting Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf, and His Honor the mayor 

W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS


VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

June 1st, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark



County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of June, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present



Hon. W.C. German, Mayor, with Commissioners A.R. Anderson, W.H. Elwell and F.E. Matzdorf,


together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and special meetings were read and there being no omissions


or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of

	

the Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk of this Board.



The claims of C.P. Ball in the sum of $20.00 and of George Grogan in the sum of $10.00


were rejected on the ground that Police and Fire Commissioner refused to o.k. the same.

At this time Police and Fire Commissioner F.E. Matzdorf turned over to the Clerk

of the Board 9 police badges and 2 keys to the city jail.

		

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of J.F. Hesse the newly elected Mayor in the

 sum of One Thousand Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety 
thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been duly approved by W.J. Stewart, the 
chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, and that the said
J.F. Hesse has taken the oath of office required by law, it was ordered, on motion
of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the said J.F. Hesse
be and he is hereby declared qualified to assume the office of Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Anderson, Elwell and Matzdorf,
and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of W.B. Mundy, the newly elected
Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, in the
sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company as surety thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been duly
approved by W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County,
Nevada, and that the said W.B .Mundy has taken the oath of office required by law,
it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf,
that the said W.B. Mundy be and he is hereby declared qualified to assume the office
of Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German,

Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of Charles J. Hammond, the newly
elected Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
sum of One Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00) with the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland as surety thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been
duly approved by W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, and that the said Charles J. Hammond has taken the oath of office
required by law, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by
Commissioner Matzdorf, that the said Charles J. Hammond be and he is hereby declared
qualified to assume the office of Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting on said motion Commissioners Anderson, Elwell, and Matzdorf,
and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of Otis J. Smith, the newly elected
Commissioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars, with the Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland as surety
thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been duly approved by W.J.
Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, and that
the said Otis J. Smith has taken the oath of office required by law, it was ordered,
on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the said
Otis J. Smith be and he is hereby declared qualified to assume the office of Commis-
sioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Votin on said motion: Com-
missioners Anderson, Matzdorf, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, W.C. German, Aye. Noes,
none.

At this time the Clerk presented the bond of W.H. Elwell, the newly elected
Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the sum of
One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, with Ed. Von Tobel and F.E. Matzdorf as sureties
thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond has been duly approved by W.J.
Stewart, the chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada,
and that the said W.H. Elwell has taken the oath of office required by law, it was
ordered on motion of Commissioner Anderson, seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf, that the
said W.H. Elwell, be and he is hereby declared qualified to assume the office of Com-
missioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Voting on said motion;
Commissioners Anderson ,Matzdorf and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Elwell not voting.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board and it appear-
ing that the newly elected Mayor and Board of Commissioners is waiting to assume office,
it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Anderson, Seconded by Commissioner Matzdorf,
that the Board adjourn sine die. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Anderson, Elwell,
and Matzdorf, and His Honor the Mayor W.C. German, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. June 1st, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of June, 1925, at the hour of three-thirty o'clock
P.M. Present His Honor* the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, Charles J.
Hammond, Otis J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Thereupon, as first order of business the mayor announced the following appoint-
ments: Charles J. Hammon, Police and Fire Commissioner; W.B. Mundy, Finance Commissioner;
W.H. Elwell, Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner; Otis J. Smith ,Street Commissioner.

The Board then took under consideration the appointment of a Mayor pro tem. On motion
of Commissioner, seconded by Commissioner Elwell and with the unanimous vote of all present,
Commissioner Mundy was appointed mayor pro tem.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, all appointive
offices were declared vacant , said motion be passed on the unanimous vote of all present.

Thereupon, an order was made, on motion of Commissioner Elwell, Seconded by Com-
missioner Smith, appointing the following as members of the Las Vegas Public Library
Board,: Mrs. Charles P. Squires, F.A. Stevens and E.E. Smith., said motion being passed on the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.

Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

An order was then made, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, appointing the following members of the Woodland Cemetery Board: Mesdames Julia
P. Mundy, Helen J. Stewart and C.M. McGovern, said motion being passed on the following
vote: Commissioner Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,

Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of two one year term members of the County and
city Fair Ground Board was deferred until a later date.

Thereupon the Mayor announced the appointment of Forest R. Mildren, M.D. as
City Health Officer.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond,
it was ordered that the salary of the city attorney of the city of Las Vegas be fixed at
the sum of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars per month. Voting on said motion, Commis-
sioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
Thereupon the matter of the appointment of a city attorney coming on before the Board,
the Mayor suggested the name of F.A. Stevens, Esq., as city attorney, whereupon, it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that F.S.
Stevens be appointed city attorney of the city of Las Vegas, said appointment to take
effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1000.00
and upon his taking the oath of office required by law, at a salary of $150.00 per month.
The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, J.E. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of a Municipal Judge coming on before the Board,
an order was made, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond
appointing C.D. Breeze as municipal Judge at a salary of $50.00 per month, said appoint-
ment to take effect upon his filing a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting on
said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor,

J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

Thereupon the Board took up the matter of the appointment of a city Marshall,
whereupon an order was made, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Smith, that R.E. Cowan be appointed city marshall at a salary of $200.00 per month, said
appointment to take effect upon the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond
in the cum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, and Elwell
and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

An order was made, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Smith, directing that the retiring city marshall turn over to the city marshall elect
all property, keys, badges, etc., belonging to the City of Las Vegas. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,

Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, it is the earnest desire of this Board that each of its
members shall be free at all times to act according to the dictates of
their own individual consciences, and not to be allied to any factions or
particular following, and

WHEREAS, experience has taught us that members of the City Board and
officers appointed by such Board are constantly importuned to go upon bail
bonds and other undertakings of like character, arc that becoming such sure-
ties tends to hamper independent action of the surety and to ally such surety
with the person for which such assurance is made,

NOW THEREFORE BY IT RESOLVED that the policy be and it is hereby adopted
that during the term for which this Board is elected no member of this Board
nor the City Attorney, nor the City Clerk go upon any such bail bond or under-
taking of like character.

The vote on such Resolution was as follows: Coms. Mundy, Hammond, Smith,
and Mayor Hesse Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered on motion of Com. Elwell, seconded by Com. Hammond that the
Board adjourn until the hour of seven-thirty o'clock P.M. of said day. The
vote on said motion was unanimous.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

June 1st, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock P.M. Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.F. Mundy, C.J.
Hammond O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the city attorney and city clerk.

At this time the newly appointed city attorney, F.A. Stevens, presented his bond
in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with O.K. Adcock and A.S. Henderson, as
sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and sufficient
bond, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,
that said bond be and the same is accepted and approved, and it further appearing that
F.A. Stevens has taken the oath of office required by law, he was thereupon declared
qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of city attorney of the city of Las Vegas,
Voting on said motion Commissioners W.B. Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the clerk presented the bond of R.E. Cowan as city marshall of the city
of Las Vegas, in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, with E.W. Cragin and W.H.

Pike as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and
sufficient bond, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Smith that said bond be and the same is hereby accepted and approved, and it further
appearing that the said R.E. Cowan has taken the oath of office required by law, he was
thereupon declared qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of City Marshall of the
city of Las Vegas, said motion being passed upon the unanimous vote of all present.

The bond of C.D. Breeze, the newly appointed municipal judge was then presented,
said bond being in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Ed. Von Tobel and John
F. Miller as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that the same is a good and
sufficient bond it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy that said bone be and the same is hereby accepted and approved, and it further
appearing that C.D. Breeze has taken the oath of office required by law, he was thereupon
declared qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of Municipal Judge of the City
of Las Vegas. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.



Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and



unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until Tuesday the second day of June, A.D. 1925,
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. June 2nd, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, together with Commissioners W.B. Mundy,
C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, and the city attorney and city Clerk.
this time a committee from the Las Vegas, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce consisting
of S.J. Lawson, Harry Blanding, Robert Griffith and O.K. Adcock, appeared before the Board
for the purpose of discussing the matter of securing mail delivery in the city of Las
Vegas. After listening to discussions by Robert Griffith, Postmaster and other members
of the committee, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the
following preambles and Resolution were duly adopted;

WHEREAS, it has been represented to this Board that free de-
livery of mail within the limits of the City of Las Vegas can be
secured at an early date, provided a plan for water tight side-
walks to be constructed on all streets where such sidewalks do
not now exist is adopted and authorized, and

WHEREAS:, this Board is in favor of securing such free de-
livery and is willing to do anything within its power to has-
ten the making of such improvements, and

WHEREAS, it is necessary that such Board secure the co-oper-
ation of all civic bodies in order to secure the proper authori-
zation for such sidewalk work,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Board does hereby
authorize the building of such sidewalks, and hereby instructs
the city attorney and Commissioner of Streets to devise such
plans as may best be calculated for the speedy consumption
thereof, the report thereon to be made at the next adjourned
meeting of this Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the assistance of the Chamber
of Commerce, Business Men's Association and Rotary Club be and it
is hereby earnestly requested in securing the authorization for
the work above stated. The vote on said Resolution was as fol-
lows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk then presented for payment a number of bills contracted by the retiring
Board of City Commissioners, and it appearing to the Board that a number of these
bills are for payment from the street fund and the police and fire fund, which funds
are considerably overdrawn, the Board took the matter under discussion. After due
consideration the following preambles and resolution were duly adopted: 

IT appearing to the Board that there are bills outstanding against the Street
Fund and the Police and Fire Fund of the City of Las Vegas, said bills hot having
been contracted by the present Board ,but by the retiring Board, and

It appearing that the above mentioned funds have been much overdrawn ,which
is expressly against the provisions of the Charter of Las Vegas, and it further
appearing that many of the said bills are for labor, and that in all instances
labor and supplies were furnished upon the express requisition of the heads of the
several departments, and that such claims against the city should therefore be met,
and

It further appearing to the Board that the General Fund of the City contains
sufficient funds to cover such claims as well as all claims against said general
fund for the remainder of the present quarter, and that such claims could be paid
from the General Fund, and said general fund reimbursed at a later date when the
above mentioned street and Police and Fire funds shall be in a stronger condition,

BE IT RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized to draw
warrants on the General Fund for the payment of the above entitled claims, and is
directed to keep an itemized statement of such claims until such time as the General
Fund may be reimbursed by the Street and Police and Fire Funds. Voting on said Resolution; 
Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.

Hesse, Aye. Noes, none .

The Board then took under discussion the matter of securing permission to make
an Emergency Loan for the purpose of relieving the city of the conditions existing
with regard to the Street Fund and the Police and Fire Fund, and laid the matter over
for further deliberation at the next adjourned meeting.

The matter of the audit of the city books was then discussed, but it appearing

that there are not now sufficient funds in the treasury to permit of the large expense
of an audit, the matter was laid on the table.

The Board then took under consideration the matter of the disposal of garbage in
the City of Las Vegas, it appearing that the contract for hauling garbage has terminated
and after considerable discussion of the matter authorized the mayor pro tem and city
clerk to enter into a contract for two years at the rate of $125.00 per month for the
hauling of garbage, tin cans and such other things, upon terms most agreeable to the
city.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, it was ordered
that the regular meeting day be fixed on the first Thursday of each month at the hour
of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion: Commissioners Mundy ,Hammond, Smith and El-
well and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this
time it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell
that the Board adjourn until Thursday, June 11th, 1925 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 11th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Present Mayor Pro Tem W.B. Mundy, with Commissioners O.J. Smith, and W.H. Elwell,
Mayor J.F. Hesse and Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent. The City Attorney F.A. Stevens
and the city clerk were also present.

The Board took under consideration the question of the city finances, and discussed
ways and means of obtaining funds with which to carry on city administration until the
collection and distribution of the first installment of 1925 taxes in December, 1925.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was introduced:

RESOLUTION

" WHEREAS, the present Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas,

Nevada, took office on the first day of June, 1925, and find
that after apportionment of taxes made in June, 1925, there are
no moneys whatsoever in the Street Fund or in the Police and Fire
Fund of said City, and that there is no source from which suf-
ficient funds can be derived to carry on said departments until
the next tax apportionment in December of this year, except
through an emergency loan as herein provided for, and a great
necessity exists for moneys with which to conduct said two impor-
tant departments of the city government and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for
said City to borrow the gum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars for a
period of not to exceed two and one-half years by the issuance
of the negotiable note, or notes of said City bearing interest
at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable
as by law provided out of an Emergency Tax Fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commis-
sioners of said City do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor
and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the purposes aforesaid the
sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, for a period of not to exceed
two and one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the
negotiable promissory note or notes of said City in the aggre-
gate of said sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, the issue to bear
interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent. per annum,
to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time when
money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be known as
"City of Las Vegas, Emergency Tax Fund", to be levied
by this City at the first tax levy following the cre-
ation of such indebtedness, as by law provided."



Action on this Resolution was deferred until a regular adjourned meeting of the Board
to be held on Monday the 29th day of June, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M., and
the Clerk was directed to have Notice of said contemplated action published for two issues
in the Las Vegas Review a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that ad-
journment be had until Friday, the 12th day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. The vote on said motion was unanimous.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 12th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of June, A.D, 1925, at the hour of three o'-
clock P.M. Present Mayor Pro Tern W.B. Mundy with Commissioners C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, the Mayor J.F. Hesse being
absent.

The members of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, met with
the city Board and matters of interest to both boards were thoroughly discussed, among these
subjects being a county and city poor farm and city and county roads.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, and unanimously carried
that the Board adjourn until Monday the 29th day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 29th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 29th day of June, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock p.m. Present His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners, C. J. Hammond, O.J.
Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. H. Elwell, the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Among other proceedings the following were had:

At this time it appearing to the Board that this is the time set by notice for action
on the following Resolution, and it further appearing to the Board that said Resolution had
been introduced at a regular adjourned meeting of this Board held on the 11th day of June, A.D. 1925
and that subsequent to such meeting said Resolution was published in the Las Vegas Review a
weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for two publications
one week apart, to-wit; June 12th and June 19th, 1925; and it further appearing that fifteen (15)
days have elapsed since the date of the first publication, it was thereupon moved by Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell that said resolution be and the same is hereby adopted
and it was further ordered that the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby directed to forward
a certified copy of said resolution to-gether with a certified copy of the transcript of the
proceedings of this Board relative to said Resolution to the State Board of Finance at Carson
City, Nevada, for Approval.

RESOLUTION

"WHEREAS, the present Board of City Commissioners
of Las Vegas, Nevada, took office on the first day of
June, 1925, and find that after apportionment of taxes
made in June, 1925, there are no moneys whatsoever in
the Street Fund or in the Police and Fire Fund of said
City, and that there is no source from which sufficient
funds can be derived to carry on said departments until
the next tax apportionment in December of this year, ex-
cept through an emergency loan as herein provided for,
and a great necessity exists for moneys with which to
conduct said two important departments of the City
Government, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be
necessary for said City to borrow the sum of
Fifteen Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two
and one-half years by the issuance of the negotiable
note or notes of said City bearing interest at the rate
of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, redeemable as
by law provided out of an Emergency Tax Fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City
Commissioners of said City do hereby authorize and em-
power the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the
purposes aforesaid the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars,
for a period not to exceed two and one-half years and
to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory
note or notes of said City in the aggregate of said sum
of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, the issue to tear interest
at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum,
to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time
when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund to be
known as the "City of Las Vegas, Emergency Fund " to be
levied by this City at the first tax levy following the
Creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided."

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and	



Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board it was ordered upon motion



duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on

Thursday the 2nd day of July, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	

JULY 2nd, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of July, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present	

His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners, C. J. Hammond, O.J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
W. H. Elwell, the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and special meetings were read and there being no om-
issions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office the

Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of this Board

The claim of Archie Mellott in the sum of $30.00 was rejected and denied. Vote as

Follows: Commissioners Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes none.

At this time it was moved that the bill of the First State Bank in the sum of $1000.00

due on note dated Oct. 1, 1923 and $40.00 interest be laid over until next meeting. Vote as

follows: Commissioners Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Awe. Noes none

At this time the communication C. D. Breeze requesting the Honorable Board to allow him

the sum of $40.00 per month for providing quarters for Municipal and Justice's Courts, was read

read and laid over for consideration at the next meeting of the of the Board. Vote as follows:
Commissioners Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Aye, Noes, none.

At this time the petition for Permit to Los Angeles & Salt Lake Rail Road Co.,
was read and filed. It was moved, seconded and carried that Permit be granted to Los Angeles
and Salt Lake Rail Road Co., as follows, including abandonment of old road as set forth therein.

PERMIT TO CROSS ROAD WITH PIPE LINE.

TO LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY:

Permission is hereby given and granted to Los Angeles & Salt Lake
Railroad Company, a corporation, to install, lay and maintain a
water pipe line through and across the road on the old L.V. & T. grade
at a point in the Northeast quarter (NE 1/4) of the Northeast quarter
(NE 1/4) of section 32, Township 20 So. Range 61 E., M.D.B. &.M. in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, approximately where the
present main water line running from the Las Vegas Springs to the
City of Las Vegas crosses under grade. That said ripe line may
be constructed level with the surface of the ground through said
grade, but the permitte shall build a wooden trestle or culvert
over said pipe line to protect the same and will grade up the road
to go over the top of said culvert, making sufficient approaches
with light grade, and will place said road in as good condition as
the same now is when said work is completed.

That while said pipe line is being constructed through said grade,
permission is hereby granted to close said road at a pont where
the east and west center line of the SE 1/4 of Section 29 T. 20 S.R. 61
E., M.D.B. &M. intersects said road and grade, and at a point about
100 ft. northerly along said grade from where said grade intersects
with the section line between sections 32 and 33 in said township
and rage. But while said road is closed as aforesaid, said permitte
rill leave open an old roadway now running along the westerly side
of the section line between sections 28 and 29 and between sections

32	and 33 in said township and range. This permit is granted upon
the following terms and conditions:

FIRST: That said permittee will grade up the road to go over the
top of the culvert or trestle over said pipe line with sufficient
approaches with light grade and will place said road in as good
condition as the same now is.

SECOND: That said permitee will at all times hold the City of Las
Vegas harmless from any and all liability for damages to persons or
property caused by any excavation made in constructing said pipe
line through said grade, and will at all times keep said culvert and
trestle and the approaches hereto in good condition and will
make all repairs to said pipe, culvert, trestle and approaches that
may be necessary to keep the same in good condition, and will at all
times hold the said City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all
liability for damages to persons or property by reason of the failure
of said R. R. Co. to keep said Culvert, trestle and approaches thereto
in good condition.

THIRD: That the road along said grade shall not be closed for a
longer period of fifteen (15) days from the date that construction
work commences in placing said pipe line across said grade.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried the following Resolution
was unanimously adopted:

That that certain old roadway now running along the westerly side of
the section line between sections 28 and 29 and between sections 32 and

33	in Township sO Sc. Range 61 E., M.D. B. &. M. from the L. V. & T.

grade northerly to what is known as the John L. Russell land, be, and

the same is hereby abandoned, provided however, that said Abandonment
shall not become effective until the pipe line has been constructed
through the road on the old L.V. &. T. Grade as above permitted, and the
road along said L.V. & T. grade has been put in as good condition as

the same now is over said pipe line, and said last mentioned road

has been again ordered to travel; that when said pipe line has been
constructed through said grade and the road on said grade has been
put in as good condition as it now is in accordance with the terms, of
the above permit and said road along said grade has been opened up
to public travel, permission is hereby granted to said Los Angeles &

Salt Lake Railroad Company to close up the said road now running
along the westerly side of the section line between sections 28 and
29 and between sections 32 and 33 in said township and range.

Executed in pursuance of the order of the Board of City Commissioners
by the Mayor, City Clerk and Street Commissioner thereunto duly
authorized, this 2nd day of July, 1925. Executed in duplicate.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

BY ____________________________ MAYOR

BY	STREET COMMISSIONER

ATTEST:_____________________

CLERK
VOTE on Resolution as follows: Commissioner Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.	

At this time it was moved by Commissioner Hammond, Seconded by Commissioner Elwell that
Sam J. Lawson be appointed member of Fairground Board to fill the vacancy to be appointed by City.

Vote as follows: Commissioner Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor aye, Noes, none.

It was moved by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond and carried that

$300.00 be transferred from General fund to Salary Fund.

It was moved by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, and carried that

bills which have been allowed at this meeting in Street Dept., and Police and Fire Dept. be paid

out of General Fund, and an account be kept by Clerk, later to be repaid by such funds when able

to do so. Also that the $861 collected from fines in June be placed in General Fund.

At this time the applications of A. T. McCarter, Morgan, Stocker & Horden and

G.	Lopez for gambling license was read and approved. Vote as follows; Commissioner Hammond

Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor, aye. Noes, none.

It was moved and seconded that the contract between City and A. B. Mitchell and E.



Stevens, executed by Mayor on behalf of City, regarding collection of garbage be approved and that the bond signed 
by Mark Bleak and Harry Blanding for $1000. in connection therewith be approved. Vote as follows: Commissioner
Hammond, Elwell, Mundy, Smith and his Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none	 

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting to be held on Thursday, the 6th day of August, A.D. 1925.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. August 6th, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of August, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present
Mayor Pro Tem W.B. Mundy, with Commissioners Elwell and Smith, together with the City Attorney
F.A. Stevens and the City Clerk, His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse and Commissioner Hammond being
absent.	

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and there being no omissions or corrections the same were
approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

The claim of Archie Mellot in the sum of $30.60 was rejected.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the Clerk was ordered
to notify the City Treasurer to transfer the sum of $50.12 from the General Fund to the Pub-
licity Fund. Voting on said motion Commissioners Smith and Elwell and Mayor protem Mundy, Aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith the Clerk was directed
to notify the city treasurer to transfer the sum of $355.34 from the General Fund to the Sal-
ary Fund. Voting on said motion Commissioners Elwell and Smith and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy, Aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the Clerk was directed
to transfer the sum of $3.15 from the General Fund to Sidewalk Assessment #9 Fund. Voting
on said motion Commissioners Elwell and Smith and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Al James and Robt. Lilly for a gaming
license (2 games ) at the Criterion on Fremont Street, the same not having been approved by
the Police and Fire Commissioner. After considerable discussion of the matter, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the application be
granted and a gaming license issued as prayed for. Voting on said motion Commissioners Elwell,
Smith and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the City Attorney read for the first time proposed ordinances proposed by
Mayor Hesse and Commissioner Hammond, and it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Smith
seconded by Commissioner Elwell that any action on said proposed ordinances be laid over until
the next regular meeting to be held on the 3rd day of September, 1925.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board
adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on the 3rd day of September, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER. 3, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of, Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 3rd day of September A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present His

Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and 0. J. Smith, together with the City

Attorney F. A. Stevens and the City Clerk, Commissioners W. H. Elwell and C. J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved as corrected.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

At this time the Clerk presented the communication from the Parkview Mutual Water

Co. requesting the assurance of the Board that they would be granted a permit to lay pipes through
the streets and alleys of the Parkview addition when the same should be applied for.

After discussion of, the unadequate water service in Buck's addition, which was

brought to the attention of the Board by Commissioner Smith, the Clerk was directed to notify Mr.

S. W. Craner to communicate with the Mayor and Commissioners relative to securing better service.

The Clerk then presented the application of J. L. Perrin for a gaming license
(two Games) at the Big Four on First Street, the same having been theretofore approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner, whereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Smith, that said license for two games at the Big Four be granted to J. L. Perrin.

A communication from the First State Bank offering the City an interest rate of
6% on the proposed Emergency loan of $1500.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, the Clerk was directed to notify the Treasurer
to distribute licenses and Fines as follows: 

Licenses to the Salary Fund

Fines to the General Fund.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 112 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An
Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menageries and carnivals in the City
of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances and parts
of Ordinances in conflict herewith," was read for the second time and on motion of Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the amount of license fee was changed to $50.00 per day,
and the same having been read as amended was passed and adopted upon the following vote: 
Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.		
Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 113 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordin-
ance prohibiting the leaving unattended of an automobile or motor vehicle while machinery thereof
is running or in motion, and the filling of gasoline tank thereof under same conditions, and providing
a penalty therefor," the same having been proposed by Commissioners Hammond, was read for the
second time, and it appearing that this Ordinance is covered by a state statute, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner Mundy, said proposed Ordinance was
laid over, on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes,
none.	

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 114 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Or-
dinance providing for Licensing Hairdressing and Beauty Parlors," was read for the first time
and on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy was passed to the second read-
ing, on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse Aye.
Noes, none.

The Board then took under consideration the purchase of a new car for City business
and after discussion it was ordered that a Buick Light Six Touring car be purchased from James
Cashman for the sum of $1375, on the following terms: $450 to be allowed on the old Dodge Tour-
ing car; the balance of $925 to be paid at the rate of $50. per month.

Thereupon the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted upon motion
of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried upon the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of June, 1925, a resolution was regular-
ly introduced as follows:

"RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the present Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, took
office on the first day of June, 1925, and find after apportionment of taxes
made in June, 1925, there are no moneys whatsoever in the Street Fund or in the
Police and Fire Fund of said City, and that there is no source from which suffi-
cient funds can be derived to carry on said departments until the next tax ap-
portionment in December of this year, except through an emergency loan as herein
provided for, and a great necessity exists for moneys with which to conduct
said two important departments of the City Government, and

WHEREAS? for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow
the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-
half years by the issuance of the negotiable note or notes of said City bearing
interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent. per annum redeemable as by
law provided out of an Emergency tax Fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said City
do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the
purposes aforesaid the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, for a period not to exceed
two and one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory
note or notes of said City in the aggregate of said cum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars,
the issue to bear interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum,
to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time when money is available
in the Emergency Tax Fund," to be levied by this City at the first tax levy follow-
ing the creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided." and
WHEREAS, subsequent to the introduction of said Resolution, said Resolution was
published in the Las Vegas Review, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for two publications, one week apart, to-wit: June 12th
and June 19th, 1925; together with notice of the intention of said Board of City
Commissioners to act upon said Resolution in form and substance as required by law,
and

WHEREAS, said Resolution was duly adopted at a Regular meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners held on the 7th day of April, 1925, and more than fifteen days after
the first publication of said notice and resolution as aforesaid, and

WHEREAS, said Resolution was thereafter transmitted by certified copy thereof
to the State Board pf Finance of the State of Nevada, add thereafter and on the
21st day of April, 1925, the said State Board of Finance duly approved said Reso-
lution, and the Resolution of said State Board of Finance, approving same is hereby
recorded in the minutes of said Board of City Commissioners, said Resolution of
said State Board of Finance being in words and figures as follows, to-wit:

"

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE.

Meeting held July 2,1925.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to make Temporary Emer-
gency Loan.

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board of Finance
duly called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of that certain
Act of the Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management
of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and Other Governmental Agencies,"
approved March 22,1917, as amended 1919, that a great necessity or emergency has
arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
necessity now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by

for the purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the
preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners duly called and held on the 29th day of June, 1925,
authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said resolution, a
duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the office of the
State Board of Finance: and



WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said emergency
resolution was duly published according to law: therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of said
Board of City Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada, State of Nevada, authorizing
a temporary Iowan of fifteen Hundred Dollars as in said resolution set forth and
authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted by the
Secretary of the State Board of Finance of said Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada, in order that the same may be recorded in the minutes of
the meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, as provided by law.

I,	George M. Southward, certify that I am the duly authorized and acting Sec-
retary of the State Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true,

	and correct copy of a resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the State

Board of Finance at a meeting held on the second day of July, 1925.

Dated this second day of July, 1925.

and

WHEREAS, First State Board of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated, has offered
to loan said City the sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars for a period of two
and one half years, with interest from date of loan to maturity and until
paid at the rate of six per cent per annum payable at maturity,

LOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk, in pursuance
of said Resolution, adopted by this Board and approved by said State Board
of Finance, as aforesaid, be and they are hereby authorized and directed to
borrow for the purposes set forth in said Resolution the sum of Fifteen
Hundred Dollars for a period of two years and one half from the date of
such loan, and execute and deliver on behalf of said City of Las Vegas its
promissory note in said sum of Fifteen Hundred Dollars, to be payable on or
before two and one half years from the date thereof, and to bear interest
at the rate of six per. cent per annum to be redeemable at the option of this
Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be
known as the "City of Las Vegas, Nevada Emergency Tax", to be levied by this
City at the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness as by
law provided.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and duly carried
the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted on the following vote: Commissioners
Lundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. .Noes, none.

There being me further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, upon
motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board adjourn until the
next regular meeting to be held on the first day of October, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Smith, and Bis Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none,
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 12th, 1925.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of September, 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, to-
ther with the City Attorney and the City Clerk.

The Clerk proceeded to read the Call for Special meeting issued by the Mayor and the
Notice of Special Meeting issued by the Clerk, which were as follows, to-wit:

Call for Special Meeting

Las Vegas, Nevada. September 11,1925.

To Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk,

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the meeting room of said Board in the
County Court House in the City of Las Vegas on Saturday, the 12th day of
September, A.D. 1925 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. for the purpose of con-
sidering and acting on tax matters affecting the City of Las Vegas, and
particularly the matter of reduction in assessed valuation of farm lands in
the City of Las Vegas made by the County Board of Equalization at its
August, 1925, meeting, and to consider requesting the State Board of Equal-
ization to raise such assessed valuation so reduced by said County Board
of Equalization, and to make such further and other orders with respect
thereto as may seem meet to said Board of City Commissioners,

You will give notice of this meeting in accordance with this

call.

_____J.F.Hesse	_____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Notice of Special Meeting of Board of
City Commissioners.

Las Vegas, Nevada. Sept. 11, 1925.

To J.F. Hesse, Mayor and to W.H. Elwell, O.J. Smith,

W.B. Mundy and C.J. Hammond, Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas:

You and each of you will please take notice, that pur-
suant to a call this day issued by J.F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas will be held at the meeting room of said
Board in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas on Sat-
urday, the 12th day of September, 1925 at the hour of three o'clock P.M,
for the purpose of considering and acting upon tax matters affecting the
City of Las Vegas, and particularly the matter of the reduction in assessed
valuation of farm lands in the City of Las Vegas made by the County
Board of Equalization at its August, 1925 meeting, and to consider request-
ing the State Board of Equalization to raise such assessed valuation so
reduced by said County Board of Equalization and to make such further
and other orders with respect thereto as may seem meet to said Board
of City Commissioners.

Florence S. Doherty_____________

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

Due service of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted this 11th
day of September, 1925.

J.F. Hesse, Mayor

O.J. Smith, City Commissioner	W.H. Elwell, City Commissioner

C.J. Hammond, City Commissioner	W.B. Mundy, City Commissioner.

The Board then proceeded to the discussion of the reduction of the assessment
on arable lands in the City Limits made by the County Board of Equalization at its
August meeting and after due consideration it appearing that the said reduction was
unadvisable and would reduce the revenue expected by the City from 1925 taxes, the
following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Elwell, upon the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.
RESOLUTION

Whereas, at the August, 1925 meeting of the Clark County
Board of Equalization an order was made and entered by said
Board reducing the assessed valuation of vacant and unoc-
cupied lands within the City limits (other than town lots and
enclosed and cultivated farm lands) from a classification and
valuation of 2nd class Arable at $20 per acre to 3rd class
Arable at $10.00 per acre, and

Whereas, said reduction was made without notice to or
consultation with the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, or any of the officers thereof and reduces
the assessed valuation within said City of Las Vegas in
approximately the sum of $100,000 and also reduces the
tax receipts approximately the sum of $4,000, and

Whereas, the said classification as 2nd class arable
has been in force for many years and mo apparent good
reason exists for the reduction of the same to 3rd class arable
and

Whereas the majority of said lands are held for specula-
tion and have a speculative value from $50 to $400 per acre, and
none of the same can be bought for less than $50 per acre, and

Whereas, the largest amount of said land is held and owned
by Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company (Union Pacific
System) or its subsidiary Las Vegas Land & Water Company and
which said owner has been content to pay taxes upon said
former valuation and classification as 2nd arable at $20.00
per acre, and

Whereas, in the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas the said reduction is based upon principles
that are not just and equitable, and such reduction is inimical
to the interests of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that application be made to
the Nevada State Board of Equalization at its meeting to be
held in September, 1925 for the raising of said valuations,
so reduced, back to $20.00 per acre, and the classification of
said land as 2nd class arable instead of 3rd class arable;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution,
certified by the Mayor and City Clerk the transmitted to said
State Board of Equalization as and for the application afore-
said, and that there be also furnished to said State Board of
Equalization a list of the said lands affected by the order
aforesaid and concerning which the restoration of said 
valuation and classification is desired as hereinabove set forth.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was moved

moved by Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Mundy that the Board adjourn until their next

regular meeting held on the 1st day of October, A.D. 1925. Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith,

Elwell, and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 14th, 1925.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of September, 1925, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock

P.M. Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, W.H. Elwell and C.J. Hammond,
together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk, Commissioner O.J. Smith being absent.

The Clerk read the following call for special meeting and notice of special meeting:

Call for Special Meeting

Las Vegas, September, 14, 1925.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

The undersigned, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas hereby
calls a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in
the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on Monday, the 14th
day of Sept., 1925 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M., to consider
and take action with regard to the tax roll for the year 1925 as
equalized by the County Board of Equalization, and to take action
with regard to the request for reclassification made by this Board
to the State Board of Equalization.

You will give notice accordingly.

_________J.F.Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Notice of Special Meeting.

Las Vegas, Nevada Sept. 14, 1925

To J.F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,
and to W.H. Elwell, W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and
C.J. Hammond, City Commissioners.

You are Hereby notified that pursuant
to the call of Mayor J.F. Hesse, this day issued, a special meeting
 of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will
be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House
at Las Vegas, Nevada on Monday the 14th day of Sept. 1925 at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M., to consider and take action with regard
to the tax roll for the year 1925 as equalized by the County Board
of Equalization and to take action with regard to the request for
reclassification made by this Board to the State Board of
Equalization.

Florence S. Doherty_________

City Clerk

Due service of the above and foregoing notice is hereby
admitted this 14th day of Sept. 1925.

J.F. Hesse________

Mayor

C.J. Hammond,	W.H. Elwell

W.B. Mundy

City Commissioners.

Thereupon W.J. Stewart, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners and S.R. Whitehead,

County Auditor appeared before the Board regarding the request of the Board to the State

Board of Equalization for a reclassification of certain arable lands contained in the

	

City limits of the City of Las Vegas, and after general discussion of the matter, the
Clerk was directed to send the following wire to said State Board of Equalization and
to W.E. Hawkins, County Assessor:

Las Vegas, Nevada. Sept. 14, 1925.

To State Board of Equalization and To W.E. Hawkins
Carson City, Nevada.

At meeting City Commissioners with Chairman County Commissioners
today on maturer consideration of application by City of 12th instant for

revaluation City now desires the restoration of nineteen twenty-four
valuation onarable uncultivated lands in city limits plus a raise of two
and one half dollars per acre on same.

J.F. Hesse, Mayor

W.J. Stewart, Chairman Board of County

Commissioners.
There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that
the Board adjourn until Thursday, the first day of October, 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Hammond, and his
Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Bye, Noes, none,

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA.

October 1st, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, held on
the first day of October, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse,
Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith and W. H. Elwell, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C. J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and special meetings were read, and approved as corr-
ected.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

The Clerk was directed to notify the City Treasurer to distribute licenses and fines
collected for the month of September, as follows:

Licenses to the Salary Fund.

Fines to the General fund.

A committee from the So. Nevada Fair Board appeared before the Board requesting fin-
ancial assistance for the coming fair.

It appearing to the Board that a tax of $2000. was levied at the 1925 assessment for
the So. Nevada Fair, but that such tax will not be collected until December 1925, and June 1926,
it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and duly carried,
that the Fair Board be and is hereby authorized to expend $2000. on behalf of the City of Las
Vegas, with the understanding that said sum will be paid out of the Publicity Fund from the pro-
ceeds of the taxes collected in December, 1925 and June 1926, as levied in March 1925. The vote
being	as	follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Hon. the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk then read a petition from apartment house owners in the City of Las Vegas,

asking the abolishment of the license on apartment houses. The matter was taken under con-
sideration.

A communication from the Las Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce urged the Board to press

the	 matter of securing Federal Aid towards the completion of the Federal Aid Highway from 5th and

Fremont Streets along 5th street to the south City limits. Thereupon the Clerk was directed to
write a letter to the State Highway Department on behalf of the Board of Commissioners urging
the construction set forth above.

Proposed Ordinance No. 114 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance Providing
for Licensing of Hairdressing and Beauty Parlors," was read for the second time, and on motion of
Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, was passed and adopted upon the following
Vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Hon. the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting aye. Noes,
none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a
gaming license (four games) at the Las Vegas Bar, and it appearing that same has been heretofore
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond the Clerk was directed on motion of Commissioner
Mundy, second by Commissioner Elwell to issue a license for four games to Morgan, Stocker and

Horden at the Las Vegas Bar. Vote on said motion: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith and His
Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a gaming license
(2 games) at the Exchange on First Street and it appearing that said application has been approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, the Clerk was directed On motion of Commissioner Elwell,
seconded by Commissioner Smith to issue a license for two games to A. T. McCarter at the Exchange.
Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of A1 James and Robt. Lilly for a gaming
License (2 games) at the Criterion on Fremont Street, and it appearing that the same has been here-
tofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, the Clerk was directed, on motion of Com-
missioner Smith Smith seconded by Commissioner Mundy to issue a license for two games to Al James
and Robt. Lilly at the Criterion on Fremont Street. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy,
Elwell, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk then presented the application of John L. Perrin for a gaming license (2 games)
at the Big Four on First Street, and it appearing that said application has been approved by Police
and Fire Commissioner Hammond, the Clerk was directed, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, Seconded by
Commissioner Elwell to issue a license for two games to John L. Perrin on Fremont Street. The
vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor,
Aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Mundy was granted a sixty day leave of absence.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered on
motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until Thursday
the 15th day of October, 1925, at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 5, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark

		

County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of November, A.D. 1925. Present His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse
with Commissioners C. J. Hammond and O. J. Smith, together with the City attorney and City Clerk.
It was ordered on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith and
unanimously carried that the meeting be adjourned until Friday, the 6th day of November A D 1925, at
the hour of two o'clock p.m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

LAS VEGAS NEVADA.

NOV. 6th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on the 6th day of November, 1925 at the hour of two o'clock p.m.	

Present Hon. J. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners C. J. Hammond and O. J. Smith and W.H.
Elwell, together with the City Attorney, and City Clerk, Commissioner W. B. Mundy, being absent.
Minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk.	

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The Claim of the
Arrowhead Trail Garage was ordered returned for itemization. The claim of Union Oil Company was order-
ed returned for requisitions.

The communication and claim of T. M. Carroll requesting a refund on license paid on his
apartment house was denied, upon motion duly made and unanimously carried.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

November 2, 1925.

To the Honorable Mayor and
City Commissioners of City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Under present conditions due to a small license fee parties
whose principal occupation has not been plumbing are enabled to do plumbing
work which does not prove satisfactory and generally necessitates subsequent
re-placement in a short time and by that time they have left the community.

As you know, an established shop must do good work to build up its business
and of necessity must make a charge sufficient to use the best materials, and,

I believe, should have such protection as would keep out the unsatisfactory
work.

I respectfully request that the license fee governing plumbing
be raised to such an amount as would keep out the plumber who only cares for the
single job and then leaves the community without any regard for the kind of work
done. My suggestion in this regard would be that a plumber with an established
shop pay $150.00 per year license and the non-shop plumber a higher license.

Respectfully,

W. J. Rhoads.

and the Clerk was directed to request Mr. Rhoads to present a petition in which the other establish-
ed plumbers joined in the request.

At this time the Clerk presented the application of E. Nickerson for a gaming license
(2 games) at the Colorado Hotel, the same having been heretofore approved by the Police and Fire
Commissioner, Whereupon it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, that the Clerk issue a gaming license for two games to E. Nickerson at the Colorado Hotel.

Vote on said motion was unanimous.

At this time George Sanderson and Mr. Tena Quaid appeared before the Board protesting
against the present rate on Beauty Parlor licenses, whereupon the Board requested petitioners to
ascertain the opinion of the other Beauty Parlor operators.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the first time proposed Ordinance No. 115 entitled: "An

Ordinance to amend Section three (3) of Ordinance No. 103 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance to amend section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance to prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas without first obtaining a license therefor,
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, and repealing
all Ordinances in conflict therewith." and to amend said Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section
thereto to be known as Section 6b, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in con-
flict with said amendments."

Whereupon the same was ordered passed to the second reading on motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Hammond. The vote on said motion was unanimous.

The following Resolution was adopted on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by
Commissioner Elwell:

RESOLVED THAT license and fines collected during the month of October 1925

be distributed as follows:

General Fund	450.50

Salary Fund	300.

Police & Fire	1800.

Street Fund	550.

The vote on said resolution was unanimous.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
on motion duly made and unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting
to be held on the third day of December, A.D. 1925.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. December 3rd, 1925.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of December, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed ordinance No. 115 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section three (3) of Ordinance No. 103 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance to amend Section six (6) of Ordinance No. 77 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to Prohibit gaming in the City of Las Vegas without
first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, pro-
viding a penalty therefor and repealing all Ordinances inconflict therewith,' and to amend said
Ordinance No. 77 by adding a new section thereto to be known as Section 6b, and to repeal all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances inconflict with the said amendments, whereupon, on motion of
Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, said proposed Ordinance was duly passed and
adopted on the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Elwell, Mundy and Hammond and His Honor the
Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

Claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claim of L.H. Rockwell
was reduced to the sum of $3.46 ,the remainder of the claim being held up for investigation
by W.H. Elwell, Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner. The claim of Jack Breithaupt in the sum of
$17.00 was held up for further investigation by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dec. 3, 1925.

To the Board of City Commissioners of
The City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Under date of Sept. 15th, 1925, as Chairman of several peti-
tioning property holders, I presented to your Board, a petition for the
repeal of the license tax on Apartment House owners of Las Vegas, To date
we have not learned what disposition you have made of said petition, so
on behalf of said petitioners, I hereby request that you at the December
meeting of said Board, consider said petition for final action, one way
or another.

The only communication we received from the Board inanswer
to our petition was addressed to me as follows: "This is to advise you
that your communication of recent date was read to the Board of City
Commissioners at a regular adjourned meeting held on the 6th day of
November A.D. 1925, and you claim for a refund of license paid on
your apartment house was denied on motion duly made and carried.

Dated Nov. 9th, 1925. (Signed) Florence Doherty, Clerk of said Board.

The Clerk's notice simply states that a recent communication
was read to the Board, but does not state what disposition was made
of the petition. Accordingly the petition is still before the Board for
action and determination, and for this reason, as such chairman, I 
request the Board, to now consider it for final action, one way or
another.

As citizens I believe the petitioners are entitled to have
their petition decided on roll call, on a yes and no vote, instead of
on motion, and on their behalf I request that you decide the matter on
roll call.

Very truly yours,

T.M. Carroll, Chariman for said
Petitioners.

Thereupon the matter of the petition of the various apartment house owners for
the abolishment of the ordinance licensing apartment houses in the City of Las Vegas
coming on for discussion, the same having been presented at the regular meeting of
the Board held in October, 1925, and having then been taken under investigation, after
due consideration, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy, that said, petition for the abolishment of said ordinance licensing apart-
ment houses in the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby denied, and it is further
ordered that said ordinance shall continue infull force and effect as heretofore operated.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, Hammond, and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Commissioner Elwell voting no. Motion carried.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dec. 3rd, 1925.

To the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I have received notice from the City Clerk to pay
an apartment house license for the quarter ending Dec. 31st

1925.

In reply thereto I wish to inform the Board that I am
not conducting an apartment house business, and that my
building is not an apartment house. As to the classification
of my building I hereby refer you to the letter of Oct. 13th
1925, addressed to your Board, and which states that my
building is a Compartment building something entirely dif-
ferent from an apartment house.

Accordingly as I am ano an apartment house owner, I
hereby request the Board to erase my name from the city's
1st of so called apartment house owners, and to waive pay-
ment from me of said apartment house license tax, to take
effect immediately, and on any purported claim the city may
have against me under said ordinance.

Very truly yours,

T.M. Carroll

Similar communications from T.M. Carroll as the agent for E.S. Sheppard, Chas. Briner and
Jack Irish were also read, and after due discussion of the matter, it appearing to the Board
that all of the above mentioned buildings rightfully come within the ordinance licensing
apartment houses, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy that the request for the erasure of the above names from the city license list be de-
nied and it was further ordered that the City Clerk collect any licenses due from said apart-
ment house owners, and that failing in this the matter be referred to the City Attorney for
action. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, Hammond, and His
Honor the Mayor, voting aye. Commissioner Elwell, no.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.	

Dec. 3rd, 1925.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

Permit me to again ask your favorable consideration
of my charge of $40. per month for furnishing quarters for
your Municipal Court; including court-room and offices with
furniture and equipment, phone, lights, heat and janitor ser-
vice.

Quarters and equipment should undoubtedly be furnished
by the City for its inferior Courts, and I feel that the proposed
charge is very reasonable, and that the City could probably
not obtain equal facilities elsewhere for that money.

As an additional reason for your allowance of this
bill, I would call your attention to the ridiculously small
salary of $50 per month which is fixed by statute and which
you cannot increase until the legislature meets again. You can
partially make up for this, however, by allowing a reasonable
amount for the use of quarters for the Court.

There is a great deal of business in the Municipal Court,

(last month there were thirty-four cases handled and disposed of)
and the Municipal Judge must give a great deal of his time and at-
tention to City business. A considerable sum of money is collected
and accounted for every month. The services required of the Mun-
icipal Judge are wholly out of proportion to the salary, and it is
only fair and just that he receive in addition something to apply
on his office expenses.

Respectfully submitted,

C.D. Breeze

Municipal Judge

The matter of paying all or part of the rent of the quarters of the municipal judge was then
taken up for discussion, and it appearing to the Board that it is only fair and just for the
City to provide, or to assist in providing a municipal court-room, the following Resolu-
tion was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell; 
RESOLVED that until the further order of this Board, beginning Jan 1st, 1926 the sum of 
Forty ($40.00) Dollars per month be paid towards the rent of the Court room of the municipal court of the
City of Las Vegas, said amount to be paid out upon proper presentation of a verified claim
of the said Municipal Judge. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Smith, Elwell, Hammond, Mundy and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse voting aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, the City
Clerk was directed to request the Fair Board to supply the city with a financial statement
of the recent fair. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Elwell,
Mundy, Hammond, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse ,Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the communication of R.E. Cowan requesting a
leave of absence until the 1st of January on account of illness, and same was granted upon
motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Elwell. Voting on said motion Com-
missioners Smith, Elwell, Mundy, Hammond and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Street Commissioner O.J. Smith took up with the Board the matter of
the purchase of a new truck for the city street department, the old trucks being in a very
bad state of repair, and it appearing that it will take a considerable amount to put them
in working order again. The matter was continued for further discussion at an adjourned

meeting to be held on Thursday the 10th day of December, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

At this time C.C. Boyer, Division Engineer of the Department of Highways of the
State of Nevada appeared before the Board with reference to their entering into an agree-
ment with the State for further improvement of the Federal Aid Highway through the City
of Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway system, said improvement to commence
at the corner of Fifth and Fremont streets and to continue southwest on Fifth street to the
city limits, a distance of approximately two miles, said highway to be gravel surface, in ac-
cordance with the specifications prepared and recommended by the State Highway Commission. After
considerable discussion of the matter, the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of
Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond:

RESOLVED That the Board of. City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall enter into an agreement with the Department of Highways of the
State of Nevada, for the improvement of Fifth Street commencing at
the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets and continuing to the south
west city limits a distance of approximately two miles, said improvement

to be of gravel surface in character and to be done with Federal	

Aid and in accordance with the specifications prepared and recommended
by the State Highway Department of Nevada, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that immediate steps be taken by this Board
for the preparation for issuance and for the issuance and sale of
an additional $6,000 of the Las Vegas Highway Bonds provided for in
Chapter 74 of the Laws of the State of Nevada in the 1923 session of
the State Legislature, such amount being hereby declared to be necessary
to meet any contingencies that may arise in the construction of

the said highway, so far as concerns the portion of the expenses there-	

of to be borne by said City, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That when the contract for said proposed im-
provement shall have been let and claim presented to the City by the
Department of Highways for the city's share of the cost of said im-
provement, this Board shall immediately make available funds necess-
ary to pay for the city's share of said proposed improvement, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Commissioner of Streets cooperate
with the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada, taking
such appropriate action and steps as may be necessary to secure a
conveyance of a right of way for such portions of said route as
are not owned by the City of Las Vegas, and that such conveyance
shall be made to the State of Nevada,

the cost to be borne by the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Department of Highways of the State of
Nevada be notified of the action taken by this Board under this Re-
solution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Elwell,

Hammond, Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes
none.	

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that the

licenses and fines for the month of November be distributed as follows:

Licenses to the General Fund

Fines to the Police and Fire Fund.

and the Clerk was directed to so notify the Treasurer. Voting on said motion; Commissioners
Smith, Hammond, Elwell, and Mundy and Bis Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered upon
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Thursday, the 10th day of December
A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. December 10th, 1925.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada, held on the 10th day of December, A.D. 1925, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. Present Hon J.F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, to-
gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting were read, and there being no omissions or correc-
tions were approved as read.

At this time the Board took up for discussion the matter of the request of the Las Vegas
Land and Water Company for a permit to lay a ten inch sewer pipe on Stewart Street to con-
nect with the City's main sewer at the alley between Sixth and Seventh streets , and after
being fully considered, the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy,
seconded by Commissioner Smith:

RESOLVED that the Mayor and the City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to issue
a permit to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, granting said company permission to lay a
ten inch serew pipe on Stewart Street upon terms to be agreed upon by said Mayor and said Las
Vegas Land and Water Company, said permit to be drawn up by the City Attorney.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Elwell, Smith and Mundy and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to write to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company calling their
attention to the unsightly outhouses near the Freight Office and asking to have the same abated.

The Board then took up the discussion of the purchase of a truck for the street department
and the Clerk was directed to wire Hon. Samuel S. Arentz asking him if there were any trucks form-
erly used by the government which could be procured by the City for use on the streets, and also
whether there were any caterpillars available.

At this time the question of the issuance of an additional Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars
worth of Las Vegas City Highway bonds to meet the cost of the improvement of Fifth Street from the
corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximately two
miles, in connection with Federal Aid, to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the
State of Nevada, came on for discussion, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that

by an Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for the year 1923, the City Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas have the authority to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed Fifty Thousand
($50,000.00) Dollars for the construction of a highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with

Route 6 of the State Highway System under an act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada in convention 

assembled, entitled, "An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said
City of Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and
providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any such
bonds," approved March 5, 1923, and

It further appearing to the Board that Thirty-Eight ($38,000.00) Dollars worth of said
authorized issue of bonds has been sold for the purpose above mentioned, and it also appearing that
the further sum of Sim Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars is required for additional work in connection with
the further improvement of Fifth Street commencing at the comer of Fremont and Fifth Streets, thence
to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximately two miles, said improvement to be done in
connection with Federal Aid, and it further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the
amount of money now remaining in the State Highway Fund of the City of Las Vegas is in sufficient to
meet the cost of the improvement contemplated,

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Smith, the qures-
tion being put to the Board, the following Preambles and Resolution were regularly and duly adopted by



the unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the

constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including and provisions of Chapter 74 of the laws of

the State of Nevada, 1923, being an act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada, entitled:

"An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark to issue



bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with route

-	

6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by
special or general election before the issuance of any such bonds," Approved March 5, 1923, the City of
Las Vegas was authorized to issue its bonds in a sum not exceeding $5,000.00 for the purpose of constructing  
a highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System
of the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the
requirements of Secs. 2, 3, 4 and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the state of Nevada, the
question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas to the amount of Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($50,000.00) was submitted to the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, at a general City election held in said City of Las Vegas on the 8th day of May
1923, of which election Notice having first been duly given strictly as provided by law, and at which
election more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds, an and the
result of the vote upon said question of the issuance of said bonds having been duly certified to this
board by the election boards conducting said election and the result of the vote on said question of the
issuance of said bonds having been by this Board at a meeting duly and regularly held on the 16th day
of May, 1923, declared in the manner and form and at the same time as other returns of said general City
election were canvassed and proclaimed; and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas

have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty Thousand

Dollars (§50,000.00), and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand
Dollars ($50,000.00) of said highway bonds has been authorized by said act of the legislature of the
State of Nevada, and such issuance ratified by the vote of the qualified electors of the City of Lae
Vegas at a general City election held as aforesaid; and

	WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable for the

best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Vegas Highway bonds in

the sum of Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars of said authorized issue of Fifth Thousand Dollars ($50,000.)
of said Bonds and that the same be sold at private sale,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that pursuant to and incompliance with the provisions and
authority of said above mentioned Act, and the ratification thereof at said general City election as



foresaid, it be and it hereby ordered that prior to the 1st day of January 1926, bonds of said City of
Las Vegas in an aggregate amount of not to exceed Six Thousand $6,000.00) Dollars exclusive of interest,
being a part of said issue so authorized of $50,000.00 of Las Vegas Highway bonds for the purpose of
providing funds for the construction fo a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6
of the State Highway system of the State of Nevada, be prepared and ready for issuance; that said bonds as
so prepared shall be each in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) numbered thirty nine (39) to
forty-four (44) consecutively, and shall bear annual interest at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum
from the the dates thereof, payable semi-annually on the 1st day of July and the 2nd day of January of 
each year, payable at the office of the City Treasurer of said City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, State of Nevada; that said bonds shall be designated "Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1926 Series)
and shall be dated January 1, 1926, and that said bonds shall be negotiable coupons bonds and shall mature
and become due and payable as follows:
Bonds thirty-nine (39), Forty, (40) and forty-one (41) to become due and payable on or before
first day of July 1944;

Bonds forty-two (42), forty-three (43) and forty-four (44) to become due and payable on or before
 the first day of July 1945.

The payment and redemption of said bonds shall be in the order of their issuance the lowest
bond being first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said bonds shall have been

and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest installment to date
of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall be payable in gold
coin of the United States of America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the
City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of Nevada.
Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same mature.

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that said bonds and coupons with the necessary variations shall be sub-
stantially the following form, respectively, to-wit:

(FORM OF BOND)

UNITED STATE OF AMERICA

"NO.____________ STATE OF NEVADA	$1000.00

COUNTY OF CLARK

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS.

(1926 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to he indebted

and for value received hereby promises to pay the bearer on the _________day of __________19	,

the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest thereon from date there of until
paid, at the rate of six per cent (6%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the first day of July and
the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest to the date of maturity of the principal is
evidenced by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupons as they
severally become due. Interest on this bond shall cease on the date the bond becomes due end pay-
able. Both principal and interest on this bond are payable in Gold Coin of the United States of
America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the principal and in-
terest of these bonds as they respectively become due, and fully faith, credit and resources of
said City are hereby irrevocable pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different, maturities issued for
the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the
State Highway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which more than a majority
of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings of the Board
of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued in fully conformity
with the requirements of the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of
the Session laws of said State for the year 1923, and all acts of the Legislature amendatory thereof
and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required by the Con-
stitution of laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed precedent to and in
the issuance of this bond have existed, happened and have been performed in regular and due form,
time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond together with all other 

indebtedness of said City does not exceed any constitutional or statutory limitations.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond to be
Signed by the Mayor of the City, countersigned by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal
of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the lithographed

facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond to be dated the 1st day	


of January, 1926, respectively become due, the fully faith, credit and resources of said City are hereby
irrevocable pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different, maturities issued for the
purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway
System, and pursuant to and election duly called and held at which more than a majority of the quali-
fied electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners
duly passed and adopted, and is authorized by and is sued in fully conformity with the requirements of
the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the Session laws of said State
for the year 1923, and all acts of the Legislature amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required by the Constitution
of laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed precedent to and in the issuance of
this bond have existed, happened and have teen performed in regular and due form, time and manner as re-
quired by law, and that the amount of this bond together with all other indebtedness of said City does not
exceed any constitutional or statutory limitations.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond to be signed
by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City Treasurer and authenticated by the seal of said City,
and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the lithographed facsimile signatures of
said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond to be dated the 1st day of January, 1926.

(FORM OF COUPON)

"NO_______________ 		$30,00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of January), 19______the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark

State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at pre-
sent standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, being the semi-annual interest then due on its Highway Bond, Dated January 1, 1926, Series 1926.

(FOLLOWING TO APPEAR ON BACK OF BOND:)
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
NO___________________

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BOND (SERIES 1926)
$1,000.00
Per (6%) Cent
Semi-Annually
January 2nd and July 1st.
AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that the sale of said Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars of bonds shall
be at private sale, as is provided in the above mentioned and entitled act, it appearing to the
Board that it is for the best interests of the said City of Las Vegas that the sale of said bonds
be at private sale, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: that this Board be and it is hereby authorized to consider any propos-
itions for the purchase of said Sex Thousand (6,000.00) dollars of bonds which may come before
the Board at this time, and in the event that any of such propositions may appear advantageous to the
said City of Las Vegas said Board is hereby authorized and empowered to sell such bonds forthwith,
as may be for the best advantage of the said City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

CLERK	MAYOR.

Said resolution was passed on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and Hie
Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye, Noes, none.

Thereupon the Board took under consideration the question of the sale at private sale of
Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars Las Vegas Highway Bonds, this being the amount required to take
care of the improvement of Fifth Street from the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the South
west City limits, a distance of approximately two miles, said construction work to be done in con-
nection with Federal Aid, and said proposed sale having been decided upon at regular adjourned
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 10th day of Dec-
ember, A.D. 1925.

The Clerk then presented the following telegram from the State Board of Finance of the
State of Nevada:

Carson City, Nevada.

Dec. 8, 1925.

Florence S. Doherty, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

State Board of Finance will purchase six thousand additional Las Vegas Highway bonds same

previously paid. Your may ship bonds with draft attached through bank or send same to us by re-
gistered mail and we will immediately send warrant for same.

Ed. Malley,

State Treasurer.

At this time C. S. Wengert of the Fist State Bank of Las Vegas also appeared before the
Board and presented the offer of said Bank to purchase the above mentioned bonds at the same price
as that offered by the State Board of finance, to-wit the sum of Six Thousand Two Hundred Eight-
Four and Eighty-eight one hundredths ($6,284.88) Dollars, and accrued interest.

Thereupon after some discussion of the matter, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the offer of the local bank be accented and the bonds
sold to said First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada for the above mentioned sum of Six Thousand
Tow Hundred Eighty-four and Eighty-eight hundredths ($6,284.88) Dollars and accrued interest, and
that the Clerk be directed to write to the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada, ex-
pressing the appreciation of the Board for the co-operation of said State Board of Finance. Vot-
ing on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the. Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Prepared and issued by

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.
Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Smith:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the Con-
stitution and laws of the State of Nevada, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of

Nevada, entitled: "An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas
to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the rat-
ification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any such bonds," approved Mar-
ch 5th, 1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its bonds in a sum not to exceed $50,000.00
for the purpose of constructing a highway through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the
State Highway System of the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said act, and particularly with requirements
of Secs. 2, 3, 4, and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of Nevada, the question of the
issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars
was submitted to the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada, at a general election of said City of Las Vegas held in said City of Las Vegas on the Pth day of
May, 1923, notice of which election having been first duly given strictly as provided by law, and at

which election more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and

the result of the vote upon said question of the issuance of said bonds having been duly certified to
this Board by the election boards conducting said election and the result of the vote on said question
of the issuance of said bonds having been by this Board at a meeting duly and regularly held on the
16th day of May, 1923, declared in the manner and form and at the same time as other returns of said
general election were canvassed and proclaimed ; and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas have
authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of Fifty Thousand ($50,
000.00) Dollars, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00
Dollars of said highway bonds have been authorized by said Act of the Legislature of the State of Nev-
ada, and such issuance by the bote of the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas at a general City
election, held as aforesaid, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable for the best
interests of the City of Las Vegas, that it offer for sale at this time, at private sale, Las Vegas
Highway Bonds in the sum of Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars of said authorized issue of Fifty Thou-
sand ($50,000.00) Dollars, and said Board having received the offer of the State Board of Finance of
the State of Nevada for the sum of Six Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-four and Eight eight hundredths
($6,284.88) Dollars and accrued interest, and having also received an offer from the First State Bank
of Las Vegas, Nevada for the sum of Six Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-four and eighty-eight hundredths
($6,284.88) Dollars and accrued interest, as is more fully set forth in their hereinabove mentioned,
said bids being in excess of par and accrued interest, and said sum of ($6,284.88) being in the judg-
ment of the Board the highest and best bid that could be secured at this time, and it appearing to the
Board that it is to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas to sell said bonds to the local bank
the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, the bid of said Bank being as high as any bid received

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, does hereby accept the bid of said First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, of
Six Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-four and Eighty-eight hundredths ($6,284.88) Dollars and accrued in-
terest, said bid being in excess as par and accrued interest, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED AND ORDERED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as follows;

Section 1. That for the purpose of providing funds to be used in aiding in the improvement
of Fifth Street, from the corner of Fremont and Fifth streets to the southwest city limits, a distance
of approximately two miles, the same being a Federal Aid Highway through said City of Las Vegas to

connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, there shell be executed,

issued and delivered to the First State Hank, the lawful purchaser of said bonds in the principal

aggregate sum of Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars, composed of six bonds numbered consecutively form
(39)	(44)

thirty-nine to forty-four, both numbers inclusive, of the denomination of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars each, dated January 1st, 1926, and absolutely due and payable in numerical order serially
as follows:

Bonds thirty-nine (39), forty (40) and forty-one (41) to become due and payable on or be-
fore the 1st day of July 1944; bonds forty-two (42), forty-three (43) and forty-four (44) to be-
come due and payable on or before the 1st day of July 1945;

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance the low-
est bond to be the first redeemed and so on until the whole amount of said bonds shall have been
paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached each representing each interest installment
to date of maturity of the principal. Both interest and principal of said bonds shall be payable
in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present standard at the office of the City Treas-
urer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same mature.

Section 2; And it is further resolved by the Board that the Six Thousand ($6,000.00)
Dollar bond issue be, and the Clerk is hereby authorized to have printed, a coupon bond, and said
bonds shall be in substantially the following form, respectively to-wit:

(FORM OF BOND)

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK

NO._______ ______LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS	$1,000.00

(1926 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to be indebted

and for value received hereby promisee to pay the bearer on the _________ day	of___________, 19_______

the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest thereon from date hereof until
paid, at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum, payable semi-annually on the first day of July,
and the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest to the date of the maturity of the prin-
cipal is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupons
as they severally become due. Interest on this bond shall cease on the date when the bond be-
comes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this bond are payable in Cold Coin of the
United States of America, at present standard, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the principal and
interest of these bonds as they respectively become due, the full faith, credit and resources of
said City are hereby irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities, iss-
ued for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route
6 of the State Highway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which more than
a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings
of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued in full
conformity with requirements of the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 74
of the Session Laws of said State for the year 1923, and all acts of the Legislature amendatory
thereof and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required by the

constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed precedent to
in the issuance of this bond, have existed, happened and have been performed in regular and due
form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond, to-gether with all other
indebtedness of said City, does not exceed any constitutional or statutory limitation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this bond to be
signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City Treasurer, and authenticated by the seal of
said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the lithographed facsimile
signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond to be dated the 1st day of January 1926.

(FORM OF COUPON)

"NO. _________																	$30.00



On the 1st day of July (2nd day of January), 19___________________, the City of Las Vegas, in the County of

Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars in Gold Coin of the United States of America
at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, being the semi-annual interest then due on its highway bond, dated January 1st, 1926, Series

1926.

(FOLLOWING TO APPEAR ON BACK OF BOND)
UNTIED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
NO.____________________

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BOND (Series 1926)
$1,000.00
PER (6%) CENT
SEMI-ANNUALLY
January 2nd and July 1st

Prepared and issued by

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, CITY OF LAS VEGAS COUNTY OF CLARK,

STATE OF NEVADA.

Section 3; That each of said bonds herein authorized shall be signed by the Mayor of the said
Board of City Commissioners and by the Clerk of this Board and by her sealed with the corporate seal of

said City, which seal shall be impressed thereof and to be countersigned by the Treasurer of said City,
as above set forth, and said officers are hereby authorized, ordered and directed to cause said
bonds to be prepared substantially in the form respectively hereinabove set forth and to execute
same for and on behalf of said City as in the manner aforesaid; that after their execution, said
bonds each of them shall be by the City Treasurer of said City deliver to the First State Bank of

Las Vegas, Nevada, the lawful purchaser, upon the payment of the aggregate purchase price, tow-it;

Six Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Four and eighty-eight one hundredths ($6,284.88) Dollars and accrued
interest, and when said bonds shall have been delivered to said purchase, the legality of the indebtedness
created by said bonds or the levying and collection of taxes for their payment shall not be open	

to contest by and person or persons, corporation or corporations, or by said city for any reason
whatsoever.

Section 4. And it is hereby ordered and directed that any interest falling due on said High-
way bonds on or before December 1 1926 shall be and the same is hereby ordered apportioned and	

paid by the City Treasurer of said City from the General fund of said City or ourt of any funds
belonging to said City not otherwise apportioned, and for the purpose of providing necessary funds
to reimburse said General Fund or other fund or funds for the amount of any money borrowed from it,
and also to pay the interest accrued on said bonds subsequent to January 1st, 1926, promptly and after t
the same falls due and to constitute and maintain a fund to be designated City of "Las Vegas Highway 
redemption fund", sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds promptly
and as the same falls due and to discharge the principal of said bonds promptly at their maturity,
there shall be levied and collected annually a sufficient tax on all property, both real and personal 
subject to taxation, including proceeds of mines within the boundaries of said City of Las Vegas, Clark 
County, Nevada, to pay the interest on said bonds as the same accrues according to the tenor and maturity
thereof, the principal of said bonds at the time provided therein and hereinabove set forth in this resolution. 
Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same manner and at the same time as taxes are assessed and collected
in said City of Las Vegas, and the proceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a	

special fund.

Section 5; That it be and it is hereby certified, recited and warranted that all cond-
itions acts and things necessary and essential to the validity of the bonds of said City in this
order mentioned, and required by law to be done, have been duly done and performed and the pro-
ceeds to be derived from the issue of said bonds are immediately necessary for the purpose
aforesaid.	

section 6. That the Mayor and Clerk of this Board and the Treasurer of said City, or any
or either of them are hereby authorized and directed to furnish the purchaser of said bonds suffi-
cient transcripts of other documents and proceedings preliminary to the issue and delivery of said
bonds and the legality and sufficiency thereof and validity of said bonds and the acts of said
officers in the premises are hereby declared ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 7. That the provisions of this resolution and order and each of the bonds issued
and delivered pursuant hereto, shall be and do constitute, and the same are hereby declared to be
a binding and irrevocable contract between said City and purchaser and holder or holders of said
bonds from time to time.

Section 8: That all resolutions and order or parts thereof of this Board in conflict with 
the provisions hereof, or which might in any manner prevent the issuance or delivery or impair the
validity of said bonds be and the same are hereby repealed, rescinded and annulled and this resolution
and order shall be irrepealable until the indebtedness hereby created both as to principal and in-
terest, shall by said City have been fully paid, certified and discharged.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye, Noes, None.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

FLORENCE S. DOHERTY	J. F. HESSE

CLERK	MAYOR
Thereupon the matter of the numbering of houses and the erecting of mail boxes coming on
for discussion before the Board, after due consideration, the following Resolution was
duly passed and adopted, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell:
RESOLVED that this Board approves of the action of the Postmaster of Las Vegas in securing
for the City free mail delivery, and that this Board co-operate to the fullest extent in
complying with all regulations of the Department necessary for securing said delivery, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that as an aid towards fulfilling said regulations the numbering of
all houses not heretofore numbered in accordance with the city ordinance be numbered at once
by city employees, the charge to be borne by the property owners, and that the erection of
mail boxes be made mandatory.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, upon
motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until Thursday the 17th day of December
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. December 17th, 1925

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of December, 1925, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Hon, J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, to-
gether with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

At this time the Board took under consideration the purchase of a truck for the Street
Department. Action was deferred.

Meeting adjourned upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Elwell until
the next regular meeting to be held on the 7th day of January, 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. January 7th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 7th day of January, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present
W.J. Mundy, Mayor Pro Tem, with Commissioners C.J. Hammond, W.H. Elwell, and O.J. Smith, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Mayor J.F. Hesse, being absent.

The minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read and there being
no omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claim of
R.E. Cowan was reduced from $200 to $40 for the reason that the Board had allowed the claim
of R.E. Lake, Jr., in the sum of $160 for salary during the absence of the said R.E. Cowan.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that
the licensee and fines for the month of December, 1925 be distributed as follows:

Licenses to the General Fund.

Fines to the Police and Fire Fund.

Voting on said motion: Commissioners Hammond, Smith and Elwell and Mayor Pro Tem, Mundy Aye.

Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to notify W.G. Fulton, agent for the Standard Oil Company that this

Board does not desire to sign any contract with the said Company.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

To the City Commissioners,

Gentlemen:

We, the undersigned, wish to call your attention
to the beauty parlor ordinance.

The license fee to conduct a beauty parlor
under this ordinance is fifteen dollars ,($15)
per quarter, which, to our belief and judgment
is excessive and against which we wish to pro-
test. We believe this part of the ordinance
should be amended, and wish to suggest that a
fee of five dollars ($5.00* per quarter
would seem to us to be more just and reasonable.

Sincerely,

Geo. Sanderson
Mrs. Quaid
Ruth A. Spindler
Mrs. Farr

Thereupon said communication was laid on the table for further consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the following
Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that the State Highway Department of Nevada be authorized to negotiate
with and purchase a right of way of S.R. Whitehead over a portion of Meadows addition to
Las Vegas for the sum of $270.00.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Elwell, Hammond and
Mayor Pro Tem, Mundy voting aye. Noes. none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond it
was ordered that the sum of $765.40 be transferred back from the Street Fund to the General
Fund, from which it was heretofore transferred during the year 1925. Voting on said motion:
Commissioners Hammond, Smith, Elwell and Mayor Pro Tem, Mundy, Aye. Noes. none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following applications for Gaming licenses to-wit:
the application of G. Lopez for two games at the Miner's Club; the application of A.T. McCarter
for three fames at the Exchange Pool Hall; the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for
four games at the Vegas Bar; the application of Lilly and James for two games at the Criterion,
all of which had been theretofore approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond. Upon motion
of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Elwell it was ordered that gaming licenses
issue to the following: G. Lopez, Miners Club, two games; A.T. McCarter, Exchange Pool Hall, three
games; Morgan, Stocker and Horden, four games, Vegas Bar; Lilly and James, Criterion, two games; The
vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hammond, Smith, Elwell and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy
voting aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board adjourn until
next regular meeting to be held February 4th, 1926 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 4th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the fourth day of February, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present
Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the
City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the last regular meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on filed in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk. The claim of R.E.
Cowan in the sum of $160.00 for services in December, 1925, was rejected for the reason that Mr.
Cowan had offered to pay for the services of special police during the leave of absence granted
him. The claim of the Mesquite Grocery in the sum of $17.15 was ordered returned for itemization.

At this time Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board and presented a plat of the proposed
Park Place subdivision, an addition to the City of Las Vegas, and upon motion of Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that said proposed subdivision be and the
same is hereby approved, and it was further ordered that said approval be inscribed on said map
by the Mayor Pro Tem, and attest by the City Clerk. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy,
Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

At this time the Clerk brought up for consideration the request of beauty parlor opera-
tors for a reduction of occupation license, the same having been presented at the last meeting
of the Board and taken under investigation. It was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy,
seconded by Mayor Hesse, that the petition for reduction be denied at this time. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes,
none.

The matter of the budget for the year 1926 was taken under consideration, and it was decided
to meet on the 11th day of February for further discussion of the matter.
At this time Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner, W.H. Elwell took up with the Board the 
proposition of installing large lights at the corners on Fremont Street, in place of the string lights now in use,
and it appearing to the Board that such a change would be in the interests of economy, it was
ordered, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the changes from
the present system be made, as suggested by Mr. Elwell, and the said Commissioner Elwell was
authorized by the Board to make the proposed changes. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy
Elwell, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes. none.

Street Commissioner O.J. Smith brought up for discussion the present system of parking,
pointing out to the Board that with the increased population and number of cars now in use,
the custom of parking at an angle on the down town streets was causing a congestion of traffic.
After some discussion of the hatter, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded
by Commissioner Mundy, that Commissioner Smith be authorized to paint lines on the streets in
the down town section, and that instruction be given the public for parallel parking in the
business section. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that the
Licenses and Fines for the month of January, 1926, be distributed as follows:

Police and Fire Department 	$2,000.00
General Fund	1.009.00

Total	3,009.00

Voting on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.	

At this time the Clerk presented the application of Cleto Aguirre for a gaming license,
two games at the Colorado Hotel, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner C.J. Hammond, whereupon it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded
by Commissioner Elwell, that a gaming license for two games be issued to Cleto Aguirre at
the Colorado Hotel. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor

 

the Mayor. J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes. none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board adjourn until
Thursday the 11th day of February, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. when it shall meet
to consider the City Budget for the year 1926, and such other matters as shall come before the
Board at that time. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, aye. None, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. February 11th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned, meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of February, A.D 1926, at the hour

of three o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, together with Commissioners

W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, and the City Clerk.
Commissioner Hammond being absent.

This being the time set by law for the preparation and adoption of a Budget
for the year 1926 the Board thereupon proceeded to take up the budget and tax levy for the

year 1926, in accordance with the provisions of the State of Nevada, and the matter being

discussed at length it was ordered, upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Mundy,
seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the following Budget be adopted. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, aye. Noes,
none.

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1926

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the
Year Ending December 31,1926, as provided by Section 9, Chapter
42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.

ASSESSED VALUATION

Cash on hand Jan. 1, 1926	13,633.34

Balance due on second halftaxes June 1926.	11,000.00

Poll taxes go to street fund

Licenses and Fines to be divided as follows:

Police and Fire	$ 9,000.00

Administration

General	5,740.00

Salary	2,250.00

Total	17,000.00

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commissioner
Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor and attest-
ed by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the City Clerk and a copy thereof published
in a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas , for two publications, one week
apart. The vote on said. Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.	

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las
Vegas for the year 1926. Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith,
and unanimously carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seven cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied ,
collected and paid for the year 1926 , including the net proceeds if the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary
Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of twenty cents on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said Tax to be known as and used as the Street
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of thirteen and one half cents on each
one hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the bet pro-
ceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as
and used as the Light Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seven cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of five and one half cents oh each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of
the mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used
as the Emergency Loand Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of four and one half cents on each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property, situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the
mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known; as and used
as the Sewer Bond Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of fourteen cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the
mines, except such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as
the Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of nine cents on each one hundred dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway
Bond Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of seven and one half cents on each one
hundred dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las
Vegas, be levied, collected and paid for the year 1926, including the net proceeds of the

mines for the year 1926, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway Bond Redemption
Fund.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
The following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Smith;

RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed to notify
the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, of the tax rate established and
levied by this Board for the year 1926, and to direct said Board of County Commissioners
to levy and cause to be collected and paid the sum of eighty-eight cents on each one hundred
dollars worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
including the net proceeds of the mines for the year 1926, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the City of Las Vegas Fund. Voting on said
Resolution Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered, on
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Friday the 12th day of February,
A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy, Smith,
Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. February 12th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of February, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three of o'clock
P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. El-
well, together with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

At this time the Board took up the discussion of various matters relating to city streets
and taxation, and after general consideration of the same, it was ordered, on motion of Com-
missioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Mundy that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on Thursday the 4th day of March, A.D. 1926. Voting on said motion Commissioners
Mundy, Smith, and Elwell , and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 4th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of March, A.D, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners C.J. Hammond, W.B. Mundy and O.J.

Smith, together with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk, Commissioner
W.H. Elwell being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no.

omissions or corrections, were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of

the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time the Board took up the consideration of the question as to whether highway
construction on Fifth Street from Fremont Street to the south city limits should include
wooden or concrete curbings, and after general discussion of the matter it was ordered, on
motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that concrete curbing be
installed on Fifth Street, between Fremont and Garcia Streets at a cost of $2,783.00, the
figures stated in the statement presented by the Department of Highways of the State of
Nevada, and it was further ordered that the whole amount of said claim as presented, in the
sum Of $6,963.15, be approved and allowed and the Clerk is hereby directed to draw a warrant
for said amount in favor of the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Hammond, Mundy and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada. Feb. 23, 1926.

Mayor Fred Hesse,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mayor:

The following is taken from the minutes of the
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of the Las
Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce, held Tuesday Feb. 23rd, 1926,
which I am requested by the Board to place in your hands with
the suggestion that it is given in a spirit of co-operation,
not of criticism.

" On motion regularly carried, the Secretary is hereby
instructed to prepare a suitable resolution calling the
attention of the City Commissioners to the necessity of the
appointment of a City Engineer or come competent official
to prepare proper regulations to be followed in the build-
ing of all public or semi-public buildings hereafter to be
built in the City of Las Vegas; in connection with which it is
recommended that all materials to be placed in said buildings
be properly graded; that all regulations be under his sup-
ervision in order that such buildings may be built in a man-
ner that will protest the life of the citizens of the City.

Buildings, in the past, have been built, such as the building in
which the Elk's Club is now situated, and the city , it is reported 

took no part to see that proper regulations were fol-
lowed to insure the lives of the people who congregate in
such places; it is recommended that proper regulations be
drawn up, by proper Ordinances which may be somewhat sim-
ilar in nature to the recommendations made by the Depart-
ment of the Government, prepared in booklet form, which shall
be enforceable by the City under the supervision of such
officer of Engineer whom the City may appoint; said official
to be thoroughly competent to handle such work."

I am quite sure that it will not be necessary for me
to draw up a resolution after citing the foregoing, which is
brought to your attention in the most friendly spirit of
cooperation.

Yours very truly

Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce
S.R. Whitehead, Secretary

Thereupon the Board took the matter of the adoption of building regulations under
discussion, and the City Attorney was instructed to investigate the regulations,
provided for in cities having the same conditions as Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following

Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolution

Whereas, there are funds in the general road fund of the County of Clark which may
be apportioned to the City of Las Vegas for use in connection with work on the streets, alleys

and public highways of said City, and

Whereas great necessity for such funds now exists,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that a request be and the same is hereby made by the
Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark for the apportionment by said last men-
tioned Board of the proportion to which said City of Las Vegas is entitled under Chapter 159
of the Session Laws of the State of Nevada for the year 1925; such apportionment to be made
as soon as conveniently possible by said Board of County Commissioners.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this Resolution be transmitted by the
City Clerk to said Board of County Commissioners. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith,
Hammond and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that
the licences and fines for the month of February, 1926, be distributed as follows:

Police and Fire Department 	$500.00
General Fund	397.50

Total	$897.50

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Board took up the discussion of the purchase of a truck for the street
department. On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond the Board adjourned
until, Friday the 5th day of February, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. when it shall
meet again for the purpose of continuing the discussion of the proposed purchase of a truck for
the Street department; for the purpose of meeting with the Board of County Commissioners of
Clark County, Nevada to discuss matters pertaining to the Fair Grounds held by City and County
jointly, and for any other business that may properly come before the Board at that time. Voting
on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. March 5th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of March, A.D 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell together
with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

this time the Board continued the discussion of the purchase of a truck for the street
department, it appearing to the Board that a truck is badly needed by said department. After
general consideration of the matter , on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner
Smith, the following Resolution was introduced:

RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS, it is imperatively necessary for the proper conduct of the work of the street
Department of the City of Las Vegas that an auto truck be purchased and there is not on hand
nor will there be collected during the year 1926 sufficient moneys to permit of the pur-
chase of such auto truck and at the same time provide moneys for the conduct of the ordinary
work of said department, and such moneys for the purchase of said auto truck can only be procured
through the securing of an emergency loan as by law provided, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow the
sum of Twenty-four Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-half years by
the issuance of the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City bearing interest at the
rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of an emergency
tax fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of said City do hereby
authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the purposes aforesaid
the sum of Twenty-four Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-half years,
and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City in the
aggregate of said sum of Twenty-four Hundred Dollars, the issue to bear interest at the rate
of not to exceed eight per cent. per annum, to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any
time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be levied by said City at the first
tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided.

Action on this Resolution was deferred until an adjourned regular meeting of this
Board to be held on Monday, the 22nd day of March, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.; and the
City Clerk was directed to have notice of said contemplated action published for two issues
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.



Thereupon the Board met with the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County
Nevada, and general discussion of matters pertaining to the Fair Grounds held jointly by the
City and County was had.

The Board then adjourned until Monday, the 22nd day of March, A.D. 1926, at the
hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY

NEVADA.

March 22, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of March, A. D. 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock p. m. Present Commissioners, Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell, and his Honor the Mayor
J. F. Hesse, together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

This being the time appointed for action on the Resolution authorizing an emergency Loan
of $2400 for the purchase of a street truck, the same having been presented at a regular
adjourned meeting of this Board held on the 5th day of March, A. D. 1926, the Clerk thereupon
read the following notice:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that at an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be held on Monday, the 22nd day of March, 1926,
at the hour of three o'clock of said last mentioned date, the following resolution will be
submitted to the vote of said Board of City Commissioners, viz:

RESOLUTION.

Whereas, it is imperatively necessary for the proper conduct of the work of the street
department of the City of Las Vegas, that an auto truck be purchased, and there is not on
hand nor will there be collected during the year 1926 sufficient moneys to permit of the
purchase of such auto truck and at the same time provide for the conduct of the ordinary
work of said department, and such moneys for the purchase of said auto truck can only
be procured through the securing of an emergency loan as by law provided, and

Whereas, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow the
sum of Twenty-Four Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two, and one-half years
by the issuance of the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City hearing interest

at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of

an emergency tax fund.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said City do
hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the purposes
aforesaid the sum of Twenty-four hundred, Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and
one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes
of said City in the aggregate of said sum of Twenty-Four hundred Dollars, the issue to
bear interest, at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, to be redeemable
at the option of this Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency tax Fund, to

be levied by said City at the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness as

by law provided.

Witness my hand and the seal of said City this 5th day of March, 1926.

Florence S. Doherty__________________________

City Clerk

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that an affidavit of publication has been filed,
showing that the above notice was published for two weeks (2 issues in the Las Vegas Age, a
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and it further appearing that there are
no protests against said Resolution, it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded
by Commissioners Smith that the following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION.

Whereas, it is imperatively necessary for the proper conduct of the work of the street
department of the City of Las Vegas that an auto truck be purchased, and there is not on hand
nor will there be collected during the year 1926 sufficient moneys to permit of the purchase

of said auto truck and at the same time provide the conduct of the ordinary work of said
department, and such moneys for the purchase of said auto truck can only be procured through
the securing of an emergency loan as by law provided, and

Whereas, for the purpose aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow the
sum of Twenty-Four hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-half years by the
issuance of the negotiable promissory not or notes of said City bearing interest at the rate
of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of an emergency
tax fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said City do
hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk thereof to borrow for the purpose
aforesaid the sum of Twenty-Four hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and
one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes
of said City in the aggregate of said sum of Twenty-four Hundred Dollars, the issue to bear
interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent, per annum, to be redeemable at the
option of this Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be
levied by said City at the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness, as by
law provided.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows :

Commissioners, Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse,

Aye, Noes, None. 

The Clerk then presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 22, 1926

To the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada .

Dear Sirs:

The undersigned hereby petitions your Honorable Board for an order closing all trials, roads
and highways running over, across or through that portion of the southwest quarter of Section
34, Tp. 20 South, R. 61 E. M. D. & M. lying south of Garces Street and a continuation of
said Garces Street and lying East of Main Street produced, and lying between Fifth Street
and the north and south center line of said Section 34, and south of Clark Street, all in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and particularly those two certain roads or trails
running from fifth street or in continuation of Fifth street to the Dutton Ranch and running
from Fifth Street or the continuation of Fifth Street to the John S. Park and Wm. S. Park
property, situate in Section 3, Tp. 21, S. R. 61 E.

The consideration for the closing of said roads or trails is that Las Vegas Land and Water

Company has agreed to convey to the State of Nevada for public highway or road purposes an

easement for right-of-way over the southwest quarter of said Section 34 the following

described strip or parcel of land situate in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and

particularly described as follows, to wit:

A strip of land 80 feet wide through that
portion of the said southwest quarter of
section 34 lying southerly of Clark's
Las Vegas, townsite as recorded in Book A,
page 5, of Plats, records of Lincoln County,

Nevada, and being 40 feet on each side, of,
measured at right angles to the following

described center line and prolongation
thereof:

Beginning at the point of intersection of the
center line of Fifth Street with the
Southwesterly line of Garces Street as shown on said
plat of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, said point being
west 853.7 feet, more or less, from a point on the
easterly line of said southwest quarter of said
Section 34, said last named point being 1205.5
feet northerly from the southeast corner of said
southwest quarter of Section 34; thence, S.

27'45'W. 1364.0 feet, more or less, to a point
on the southerly line of said Section 34, said
point being 1288.0 feet westerly from the said
southeast corner of southwest quarter of Section
34;

Containing 2.50 acres, more or less.
Respectfully yours,

Las Vegas Land & Water Co.

By. Walter R. Bracken

Vice-President.

Whereupon,:

On motion duly made by Commissioner Hammond and seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the
following resolution was unanimously adopted:	

Resolved: That all trails, roads and highways running over, across or through that
portion of the southwest quarter of Section 34, Tp. 20 S., R. 61 E. M. D. B. & M. situate
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, lying south of Garces Street and lying
East of Main Street produced, and lying East of Fifth Street and south of Clark Street
produced, and particularly those two certain roads or trails running from the intersection
of Fifth Street with the southwesterly line of Garces Street as shown on the plat of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, recorded in Book A. page 5 of Plats, Records of Lincoln County, Nevada,
to what is known as the Dutton Ranch and to what is known as the John S. Park and Wm. S. Park
property, situate in Section 3 Tp. 21 S. R. 61 E., be and the same are hereby abandoned,
provided however, that said abandonment shall not become effective until Las Vegas Land and
Water Company shall have conveyed to the State of Nevada an easement for public highway or
road purposes over the following described strip or parcel of land situate in said County
and State, to-wit:

A strip of land 80 feet wide through that
portion of the said southwest quarter of
Section 34 lying southerly of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite as recorded in Book A, page 5
of Plats, records of Lincoln County, Nevada,
and being 40 feat on each side of measured
at right angles to, the following described
center line and prolongation thereof:

Beginning at the point of intersection of
the center line of Fifth Street with the
southwesterly line of Garces Street as shown
on said plat of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite,
said point being west 653.7 feet, more or
less, from a point on the easterly line of
said southwest quarter of said Section 34,
said last named point being 1205.5 feet
northerly from the southeast corner of said
southwest quarter of Section 34, thence, S.

27'45' W. 1364.0 feet, more or less, to a
point on the southerly line if said section
34, said point being 1288.0 feet westerly
from the said southeast corner of southwest
quarter of Section 34;

Containing 2.50 acres, more or less.

Said easement to continue as long as said strip
above described shall be used for highway or
road purposes and upon the execution and delivery
of a deed for the above described strip of land
the above described roads, trails, and highways
and all rights of the City of Las Vegas therein or
thereto shall immediately be abandoned and any
rights of said City of Las Vegas or of the public
therein or thereto shall immediately cease and
terminate.

The vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, and
Elwell, and his Honor the mayor J. F. Hesse, Aye, Noes, None.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication
TO THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA :

The undersigned citizens and property holders in the City of Las Vegas hereby
respectfully petition your Board to investigate and take such action as is possible
to prevent the establishment and maintenance of the swimming pool at or near the corner
of Fremont and Fifth Streets, on ground that same will constitute a nuisance; and we
also request that said swimming pool be and not allowed to be connected with the public
sewer, as we are advised that such connection is contrary to the plumbing and sewerage
of the City of Las Vegas.

name	

Mrs. T. R. Hodgens
Mrs. C. McGovern
Mrs. Stella Hawkins
Mrs. E. C. Hicks
Mrs & Mr. F. Herandez
Mrs. J. H. Gordon
Mrs. E. W. Nungesser
Mrs. C. P. Squires
Thos. R. Hodgens
J. H. Ladd
Peter Pauff

Whereupon after the consideration by the Board it appearing to the Board that there are
no grounds for interference by the Board, the petition was ordered filed on motion of
Commissioners, Hammond, seconded by Commissioners Smith, voting on said motion Commissioners
Elwell, Smith, Hammond, and Mundy, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Aye, Noes, None.

A proposition was presented to the Board of City Commissioners by Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, through its Vice President, Walter R. Bracken, that if the County of Clark
and the City of Las Vegas would release or convey back to said Las Vegas Land & Water
Company the land embraced in that certain deed bearing date April 17, 1922, made by the
said Das Vegas Land & Water Company to the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas
as tenants in common, comprising 31.510 acres of land, commonly known as the agricultural
Park, which deed is of record in Book 8 of Deeds, at pages 408-9-10; Clark County, Nevada
Records, the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company would re-convey the said land, except as to
approximately seven acres off the northerly end of said tract, to the City of Las Vegas free
and clear of any restricting whatsoever.

Thereupon a discussion of such proposition was had by the Board of City Commissioners

and upon motion of Commissioner Hammond seconded by Commissioner Smith

the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas by deed bearing date the 17th day of April, 1922, made by Las Vegas Land &

Water Company, a corporation, to the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas, and recorded
in Book 8 of Deeds, at pages 408-9-10, Clark County, Nevada, records, there was donated to
said County and City, as tenants in common 31.510 acres of land for use as an agricultural
fair grounds, park, aviation field and automobile parking ground for the accommodation of the
traveling public and purposes incident thereto, and subject to the certain restrictions and
conditions contained in said deed, which said deed with said restrictions and conditions was
heretofore accepted by said County and City, and

Whereas, a proposition has been presented to this Board by said Las Vegas Land & Water
Company, acting through its Vice President, Walter R. Bracken, of said City of Las Vegas, that
if the County of Clark and the City of Las Vegas would release or convey back to said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company the said Land, so donated as aforesaid, the said Las Vegas Land & Water
Company would thereafter re-convey said land, except as to approximately seven acres off the
northerly end of said tract to the City of Las Vegas free and clear of any restrictions or
conditions whatsoever, and

Whereas, the said proposition is directly in line with the efforts in that respect
heretofore made by this Board to secure said land for the City of Las Vegas free and clear of
any restrictions or conditions whatsoever, and thus to relieve the City of Las Vegas, as well
as the County of Clark of the burdens placed upon them by virtue of the restrictions and
conditions contained in the present deed, and that the consummation of such proposed
proposition would be to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas, and of great value to
said City.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the said proposition of the said Las Vegas Land
& Water Company and the same is hereby accepted, and that the Mayor and the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, on behalf of and in the name of said City of Las Vegas, acting by
and through its Board of City Commissioners, be and they are hereby authorized, empowered and
directed to execute, acknowledge and deliver, either jointly with the County of Clark, or by
separate instrument, a deed of conveyance releasing or conveying back to said Las Vegas Land
& Water Company all of the right, title and interest of said City of Las Vegas in and to the
following described land embraced in the above-mentioned deed of conveyance, as follows,
to-wit:

Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13" E. from the NE corner of Block 33 at its
intersection with Stewart and Fifth street as shown on May of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and

running thence N. 61 deg. 47' E. 447.2 ft; thence S. 61 deg. 47' 13". 1360 ft. to the place

of beginning, excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's addition
and comprising a net area of 31.510 acres exclusive of said conflict; said tract being situate

in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the conveyance by the City of Las Vegas be subject to the
approval of said Mayor, the City Clerk and City Attorney as to the form and validity of the
conveyance to be made by the County of Clark, and subject also to such conveyance being made
by the County of Clark.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said Mayor and City Clerk, on behalf of the City of
Las Vegas, be also and they are hereby also authorized, empowered and directed to receive
and accept from Las Vegas Land & Water Company the deed herein provided to be given by said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company to the City of Las Vegas, the same to be approved as to the
form and validity thereof by the City Attorney.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution certified by the City Clerk
be furnished to the Board of County Commissioners of the County of Clark, and a copy thereof
furnished to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company.

The vote on said resolution was follows: Commissioners, Mundy, Hammond. Elwell, & Smith

and his honor the Mayor, voting Aye, Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
on motion duly made and unanimously carried that the Board adjourn until the next
regular meeting on April 1, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 1st, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark

County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of April, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present his

Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell to-gether with

the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens Esq. and the City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no

omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

The Clerk presented the following petition:

His Honor, the Mayor and Members of
the Board of City Commissioners of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The Undersigned, residents and property-owners of Block Two (2) in Hawkin's
addition, respectfully petition your Honorable Board to extend the sewer line in said

block so as to take in all of said block up to and including the south side of Odgen
Street in said block, between Fifth and Sixth streets in said Hawkin's addition of
the City of Las Vegas, and your petitioners will ever pray.

W. E. Hawkins	Lots 1, 2, 3, 4 Block 2

E. C. Hicks	"	30, 31, 32 Block 2

Dan Johdahl	"	7, 8	"	2

Frank E. Hunt	"	27,28, 29	"	2

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the City Attorney was directed to
draw up an ordinance covering said petition. The vote on this question was as follows: Commissioners
Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming
license (four games) at No. 21 Fremont Street, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and
Fire Commissioner Hammond. On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith the Clerk
was directed to issue a gaming license for four games to Morgan, Stocker and Horden at No. 21 Fremont
Street. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.
Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

The clerk then presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a gaming license (three
games) at No. 123 So. First Street, the same having been heretofore approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Hammond. On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the Clerk was
directed to issue a gaming license for three games to A.T. McCarter at 123 So. First Street. The
vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith and His Honor the Mayor
J.F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

Licenses and fines for the month of March were ordered distributed as follows: 50% to the
police and Fire fund: 50% to the General Fund.

Dr. W. W. Martin and W. E. Hawkins appeared as a committee from the Chamber of Commerce 
requesting the Board to give some assistance towards putting in condition the aviation field adjacent
to the City. The matter was discussed at length and continued until a regular adjourned meeting to
be held on the 5th day of April, A.D. 1926, at which it was proposed to discuss the matter with the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County.

A committee from the Kiwanis Club, of which Chas. Lee Horsey Esq. was spokesman requested
the Board to ask for the resignation of R.E. Cowan as City Marshall.

After listening to Mr. Horsey's statement and to the statements of other members of the
committee the Board took the matter under consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered on
motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the Board adjourn until Monday the
5th day of April A.D. 1926. Voting Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor,

J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 5, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of April A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Pres-
ent His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, And W. H. Elwell together with
the City Attorney F. A. Stevens Esq. and the City Clerk.

At this time the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada met with the City Board and
the proposition of the establishment of public aviation filed was considered by both Boards. No
action was taken thereon by this Board the matter being continued until a regular adjourned meeting of
this Board to be held Thursday the 15th day of April at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

The Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez, Eli Nickerson and A. E. Gains for a gaming

	

license (two games) at the Miners Union Club on first street, On motion of Commissioner Elwell,

the Clerk was directed to issue a gaming license for two games to the above named applicants at the



Miner's Union Club on First Street. Voting Commissioners Mundy Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.

Heese, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK

COUNTY, NEVADA. April 15th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada held on the 15th day of April, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and W.H. Elwell, together with the
City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk, Commissioners Hammond and Smith being absent.

At this time the Clerk presented the following communication from the State of Board

of Finance of the State of Nevada: 



STATE BOARD OF FINANCE.

Meeting held March 29,1925.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners of City
of Las Vegas TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the
State Board of Finance, duly called and met in session under
and pursuant to the provisions of that certain act of the
Legislature of Nevada entitled " An Act Regulating the Fiscal
Management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and Other
Governmental Agencies," approved March 22,1917, as amended 1919,

		that a great necessity or emergency has arisen in the City

of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that necessity
now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by
and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners for the
purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by
the preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of
said Board of City Commissioners duly called and held on the
22nd day of March, 1926, authorizing a temporary loan for the
purposes set forth in said resolution, a duly certified copy
of which is now on file and of record in the office of the
State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention
to adopt said emergency resolution was duly published according
to law; therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act
and resolution of said Board of City Commissioners of City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of
Twenty Four Hundred Dollars as in said resolution set forth and
authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further
RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution
be transmitted by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance
to said Board of City Commissioners in order that the sane
may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners, as provided by law.

I,	George M. Southward, certify that I am the duly authorized
and acting Secretary of the State Board of Finance and that the
foregoing is a full, true and correct copy of a resolution duly
adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at a
meeting held on the 29th day of March, 1926.

Dated this 29th day of March, 1926.

_________Geo. M. Southward_______________

Secretary of the state Board of Finance.

(SEAL)

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the Resolution heretofore adopted at a
regular adjourned meeting of this Board held on the 22nd day of March, A.D, 1926, author-
izing the Mayor and the City Clerk to make a temporary emergency loan of Twenty-four
Hundred Dollars in behalf of the said City of Las Vegas, as is more fully set forth
in said Resolution as recorded in the minutes of said meeting held on the 22nd day
of March, A.D 1926 , has been duly and legally approved by the State Board of Finance
of the State of Nevada, as above set forth, the following Resolution was adopted upon
motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, and unanimously carried:
Resolved that the Mayor and the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be and they
are hereby directed to make an emergency loan of Twenty Four Hundred Dollars, in be-
half of the City of Las Vegas, for a period of two and one half years, with interest at
six per cent, as is more fully set forth in the Resolution heretofore referred to and
adopted by this Board on the 22nd day of March, 1926, and it appears further to the Board that
the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, has signified its willingness to make an
Emergency Loan, in accordance with said Resolution. Therefore, Be It Further RESOLVED that
the Mayor and City Clerk of the C.ity of Las Vegas be and they are hereby authorized and
directed to make and execute on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas, the good and
sufficient and binding note of said City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the sum
of $2400.00, with interest thereon from the date thereof until paid at the rate of six per
cent per annum, payable to First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada Inc., or order, on or
before two and one half years from the date thereof.

The same to be dated April 20, 1926 and to have the seal of said City affixed and
the same to have such other provisions therein relative to the payment of attorneys
fees in case of default of interest semi-annually, etc. as are usually contained in notes
given to said Bank, and shall also contain the provisions that the faith and credit of the
said City of Las Vegas, are hereby pledged for the full payment thereof, with the interest
within the time specified.

And said note shall be delivered to said First State Bank as evidence of the said loan,
so authorized as aforesaid. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners,
Mundy, and Elwell and his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye, Noes, None.

The City Attorney then read for the first time a proposed Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to Amend Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to License traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menageries
and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance 105 of the City of Las
Vegas, and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances inconflict therewith' ", and the same
was passed to the second reading on motion duly made and seconded and unanimously carried.

At this time the Board discussed the matter of extending the sewer system into certain
blocks in Hawkins subdivision, and after considerable discussion the matter was continued
 for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the 21st day of

April, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 21st, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Clark County, Nevada, Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, together with the Commissioners C.J. Hammond,

and O.J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioners Mundy and Elwell
being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

At this time the following communication was presented:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

April 21,1926.

Honorable Mayor Hesse
and City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

At a special meeting of the Board of Education
held on April 19, 1926 a resolution was passed requesting
the Board of City Commissioners to vacate that portion
of Lewis St. between 4th and 5th streets. Between the
present school blocks 37 and 38, this is for the use of
the Public Schools of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board would like very much to have this
street vacated if the City Commissioners can see their
was clear to do so.

Sincerely yours,

		E.E. Smith____________

	President.

After general discussion of the matter, it appearing to the Board that it will be

for the best interests of the Public Schools of the City of Las Vegas to vacate

that portion of Lewis Street between 4th and 5th streets, and it further appearing

that the above described portion of Lewis Street is seldom used, and that the safety

of pupils of the Public Schools demands that it be closed to traffic, the following

proposed Ordinance No. 116, of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance vacating

a portion of Lewis Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas for

public school and high school purposes" was introduced, and read for the first time.

On motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was passed to the

second reading. Voting on said motion. Commissioners Smith and Hammond and Mayor Hesse, Aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hammond , the office of
Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas was declared vacant. Voting on said motion
Commissioners Smith, and Hammond, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, W.J. Rhoads was
appointed Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon
the filing and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1,000.00, and upon
his taking the oath of office required by law, and it was further ordered that the Hon.
J.F. Hesse be authorized to approve the bond of the said W.J. Rhoads as Plumbing Inspector
of the City of Las Vegas whenever said bond shall have been executed and presented. Voting
Commissioners Hammond, Smith and the Honorable J.F. Hesse, Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

It was further ordered, upon notion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner
Hammond that L.R. Hilkie be and he is required to deliver up to the City Clerk all licenses,
books and forms and records belonging to said City now in his possession. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Hammond, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.
There being no further business to cone before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting
of said Board which shall be held on Tuesday, the 4th day of May, A.D. 1926, at the hour
of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion Commissioners Hammond, Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 4th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 4th day of May, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present
Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together
with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous adjourned meeting were read, and there being no omissions or
corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk. The claim

of the Consolidated Power and Telephone Co. for $404.50 was cut to $350.00.

At this time proposed Ordinance No. 116 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled,

"An Ordinance vacating a portion of Lewis Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the
City of Las Vegas for public school and high school purposes" was read for the second time
and passed on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, on the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the City Attorney read for the second time a proposed Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to Amend Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled ' An Ordinance to License traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes,
menageries and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance 105 of the
City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith,"
and the same was ordered laid over for further investigation.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the Licenses and

Fines for the month of April, 1926, were ordered distributed as follows:

Salary Fund	$225.00

Balance to be distributed as follows:

General Fund	50%

Police and Fire Fund	50%

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor,

J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

There being no fur her business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn
until Thursday the 13th lay of May, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. MAY 13th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned, meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 13th day of May, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, together with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, C.J.
Hammond, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous regular meeting were read, and there being no omissions of
corrections were appro ed as read.

Messrs. Harry Blanding, John F. Miller, W.S. Rhoads and Joe S. Smith appeared before the
Board requesting the improvement of Main Street , presenting a petition which is on file
with the Clerk of the Board. After considerable discussion the matter was taken under
consideration by the Board.

It appearing to the Board that the Fire Department needs 100 feet of fire hose,



the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to enter into a contract with the Eureka
Fire Hose Company for the purchase of 1000 feet at $1.50 per foot, payable on or before
the first of May, 1927.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered, on motion of Commissioner Mundy. seconded by Commissioner Hammond, that the Board
adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on Thursday, the 3rd day of June, A.D.
1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 3rd,1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of June, A.D, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and
W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.
The claim of R.E. Rockwell in the sum of $2.50 and that of L.H. Rockwell in the sum of
$47.15 were ordered held up as there were no requisitions accompanying.

F.A. Gibson appeared before the Board requesting a permit for his son, who is under the
age of 16 years, to drive a car in the City of Las Vegas, But on referring the natter to the
City Attorney the Board was advise that neither the State Law nor the city ordinance pro-
vided for the issuance of permits to youths under the age of 16 years.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada. June 3,1926
Board of City Commissioners,
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

My duties with the power and telephone company
have grown to the extent that it is impossible for me to
find the time necessary to properly head an organization
as important as the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Department.

I therefore ask that you consider this as my resig-
nation as chief of the Fire Department same to be in effect
Tuesday June 15th, 1926.

Very truly yours,

H.	Case, Chief of Fire Department

Thereupon, it was moved by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by commissioner Elwell, that said
resignation of H. Case, as Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, be not accepted at this time.
Voting on said resignation; Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor,
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was ordered, upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until
Thursday the 17th day of June, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion :
Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Biwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes,
none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

June 17th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of June, A.D, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M, Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

At this time the Clerk presented a communication from Messrs. Cragin and Pike urging
the passage of proposed ordinance No. 117 of the City of Las Vegas, said proposed ordinance
having been read for the first time at a regular adjourned meeting of said Board held on the
21st day of April, 1926.

Thereupon the Clerk read for the second time proposed Ordinance No. 117 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled ," An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, men-
ageries and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances add parts of Ordinances
in conflict therewith.' " On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith,
said Ordinance was passed and adopted, and the Clerk was directed to have the same published
for one week, one issue in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in said City of
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 1st, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, held on
the 1st day of July, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor,
J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, W.H. Elwell and O.E. Smith, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being no
omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of

the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

Applications were received form D.G. Lorenzi and Jas. H. Down for permission to give
public displays of fireworks on the evening of July 5th, 1926, the display by D.G. Lorenzi to
be given at Lorenzi Lake, and the display by Jas. H. Down to be given at and on the property
commonly known as the Stewart Ranch, and on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy, it was ordered that the Clerk and Mayor issue permits to the above named
persons granting them leave to give public displays of fireworks at the times and places
stated. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor,
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Las Vegas upon the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the
Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes. none.

It appearing to the Board that the celebration of Independence Day (July 4th) by the
discharge of fireworks within the City of Las Vegas would endanger the safety of said City,
and

It further appearing that already there are fireworks being discharged daily with-
in said City of Las Vegas, thereby endagering the safety of said City,

Now therefore BE IT RESOLVED that an emergency exists within the City of Las Vegas
and that this Board take some action to preserve the safety of said city against the dangers
above recited. Said Resolution was thereupon adopted on motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded
by Commissioner Smith, and adopted upon the following vote; Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell,
and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST: Thereupon the Clerk read Ordinance No. 118, entitled "An Ordinance for the regulation

of the use of fire works in the City of Las Vegas prohibiting firing or discharging any fire-

	

works within the City without a permit granted by the Board of City Commissioners, and providing

penalties for the violation hereof, and the same was passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance

on motion of Commissioners Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, sad upon the following vote:

Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. August 5th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of August, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and W.H. Elwell, to-
gether with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, and the City Clerk, Commissioners O.J. Smith and
C.J. Hammond, being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being
no omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of
the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time W.E. Hawkins and Leo A. McNamee appeared before the Board and presented
for the approval of the Board the plat of the proposed South Addition to the City of Las
Vegas. After due consideration of the matter, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner
Elwell, seconded by Mayor Hesse, that the Mayor Pro Tem, W.B. Mundy be and he is hereby
directed to approved said plat, and the city clerk is hereby directed to attest the sig-
nature of the said mayor pro tem, and it is further ordered that that portion of the pro-

At this time the Clerk presented the application of the firm of Morgan, Stocker
and Horden for a gaming license for two games at the Las Vegas Bar, the same having been here-
tofore approved by the Mayor, in the absence of the Police and Fire Commissioner, Whereupon, it
was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Clerk issue
a gaming license for two games to the said firm of Morgan ,Stocker and Horden at the Las egas

Bar. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F.



Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application dir A.T. McCarter for a gaming license
for three games at the Exchange Pool Hall on First Street, the same having been heretofore
approved by the Mayor in the absence of the Police and Fire Commissioner, whereupon it was ordered
on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Clerk issue a gaming
license for three games to the said A.T. McCarter at the Exchange Pool Hall on First Street. Voting
on said motion, Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that
the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to instruct the City Treasurer to transfer the sum of
$269.43 from the General Fund to the Publicity Fund. Voting on said motion Commissioners
Mundy, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board adjourn
until	Voting on said motion Commissioners

Mundy, Smith, and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
longation of Main Street commencing at 286 feet south of the south east corner of Main and
Garces streets in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to the common corner of Sections
3 and 4, Township 21 S., R.61 E,M.D.B. and M is hereby vacated, same to take effect upon the con-
struction of the street as outlined in the plat of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
along Main Street as designated on said plat. 

At this time Ordinance No. 119 entitled :"An Ordinance authorizing C.O. Lauritzen
and George P. Peabody, and their assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains, distributing
pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith or
appurtenances thereto, in, through, over ,across, under and along all or any of the streets,
alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas
to the inhabitants of said City for heating, lighting and power and other uses and purposes, and
establishing regulations and conditions in connection therewith", was introduced and read for the
first time. A discussion of said Ordinance was had.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, the following
Preambles and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, there is at the present time no gas works within the City of Las Vegas or
vicinity, and there is immediate need of such gas works for said City and prompt action is necess-
ary for the permission for the construction of such gas works in order that the same may be in
operation for fall and winter use of gas during the current year, and Ordinance No. 119 has been
introduced at this meeting providing for a franchise granting to C.O. Lauritzen and George P.

Peabody permission to install, lay down and maintain pipes in the streets, alleys and public
grounds of said City, and

Whereas, in the opinion of this Board an Emergency exists for the immediate
passage at this meeting of said Ordinance, Now

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that action be taken immediately upon said Ordinance

at this meeting.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and His
Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said Ordinance No. 119 was read for the second time and put to a vote

upon the passage of the same. The vote on said Ordinance No. 119 was as follows: Commissioners Mundy,

Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none. The ordinance was declared duly and

regularly passed by the vote of the whole board.

It was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell,

that the licenses and fines be divided as follows:

General Fund	$500

Police and Fire Fund	1459

and the Clerk was directed so to notify the Treasurer.

Harold Case, Fire Chief appeared before the Board and requested the Board to adopt

and Ordinance preventing citizens from getting in the way of and interfering with the fire

engine and fire department at the time of fires in the City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was
ordered upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on the 2nd day of September, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
Nevada. September 2nd, 1926,

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of September, 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor with members W.B. Mundy, C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith, and W.H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the last regular meeting were read, and there being no omissions or correc-
tions were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

At this time A.S. Henderson, Esq., appeared before the Board and requested that the
franchise heretofore granted to Lauritzen and Peabody for the laying and maintaining of
gas mains, etc., be transferred to the Clark County Gas Company, Mr. Henderson's oral request
be accompanied by the following in writing:

Whereas, on the 5th day of August, 1926, by Ordinance No. 119
a franchise was granted C.O. Lauritzen and George P. Peabody
permitting them to install, lay down and maintain gas mains
and distributing pipes and all necessary and proper appli-
ances used for the purpose of, and in connection with the
supplying of gas to the inhabitants of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada: and

Whereas in said franchise it is provided that the said
franchise could be by said Lauritzen and Peabody assigned
on the written consent of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City; and said franchise having been on the 15th
day of August, 1926, accepted by said Lauritzen and Pea-
body;

Now therefore, we, the undersigned, owners of said franchise,
in compliance with said proviso hereby request permission
of your Honorable body to assign said franchise to the
Clark County Gas Company, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the State of
Nevada.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 2nd day of September,

1926.

C.O. Lauritzen

George P. Peabody

by C.O. Lauritzen.

Thereupon, it was ordered, on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy that the above mentioned franchise be and the same is hereby assigned to the Clark
County Gas Company. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following petition:

August 23,1926.

To The Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

We, the undersigned, citizens of this City
do positively object to any change of direction or
location of the section of Main Street between Garces
Street and Charleston Blvd.

his road has been in use a great number of years
and is of great value to the City. We trust your body
will comply with this request without further urging.

(Signed) H. Blanding

James L. Filby
Earl W. Higgins
P.D. Rabb

H.N. Anderson
Gilbert Hefner
Geo. L. Ullom

Said Petition was ordered placed on file. 
Upon motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the fol-
lowing Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas there is no adequate provision for the prevention of vehicles following
fire apparatus and parking in the vicinity where fires occur, nor for the pre-
vention of vehicles from running over the fire hose, and

Whereas, it is necessary to the public peace, health and safety that such re-
strictions become immediately operative;

Now, therefore, an emergency is hereby declared to exist and it is hereby
provided that proposed ordinance No. 120 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An
Ordinance to amend Section 33 of Ordinance No. 66, of the City of Las Vegas entitled
' An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, 's" shall be acted on immediately as an emergency Ordinance at
this meeting, and that the same shall be in full force and effect from and after
its passage by the Board of City Commissioners, approved by the Mayor, and pub-
lication thereof as by law required. The vote on said Resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,
voting aye. Noes. none.

Thereupon proposed Ordinance No. 120 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance to
amend Section 33 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, entitled 'An Ordinance
regulating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,' "	

was read for the first time, and on motion of Commissioner Hammond, Seconded by Commissioner
Smith, was ordered passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance upon its approval by the
Mayor and its publication as by law provided. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy,

Hammond, Smith and Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of making the Las Vegas Fire Department an allowance of $25.00 per
month was then brought up for discussion, and it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the sum of $25.00 per month he paid to the
Las Vegas Fire Department until the further order of this Board, upon the proper presen-
tation of vouchers in regular form. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner
Mundy, Hammond, Smith and Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

An order was made on motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner



Mundy, directing that all license and fines for the month of August, 1926, be placed to the,
credit of the Police and Fire Fund, and the Clerk was directed so to notify the Treasurer.
Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the
Board adjourn until Wednesday, the 8th day of September, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith, and
Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 7th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark. County
Nevada, held on the 7th day of October, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present Hon.
J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and
City Clerk, Commissioners C.J. Hammond and W.B. Mundy being absent.

The minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions of corrections,
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the officer of the Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time Leo A. McNamee Esq., appeared before the Board and presented the following com-
munication:

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 8th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of September, A.D. 1926, at the hour
of three o'clock P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. 

Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and the City Clerk,
Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

At this time on request of the Mayor, Mayor Pro Tem W.B. Mundy took the chair.

Thereupon the plat of the proposed Boulder addition to the City of Las Vegas was
presented to the Board for approval, whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion of Com-
missioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that said plat of Boulder Addition to
the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby accepted, and the Mayor Pro tem is here-
by ordered to approve the same, and his signature to be attest by the City Clerk ; it
was further ordered that the extension of Main Street as it now exists over said land
be vacated, provided however, that said vacation shall not be effective until a road
along Main Street of said Boulder Addition as designated on the said plat has been construc-
ted and placed in as good condition as the road that is hereby vacated. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Smith, Elwell and Mayor Pro Tem Mundy, Aye. Noes, none. Mayor J.F.

Hesse not voting.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, it is ordered that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held
on Thursday, the 7th day of October, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 1, 1926.

Hon. Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

The undersigned, Hawkins Land and Water Com-
pany, a corporation respectfully petitions your Honor-
able Board for a permit to use certain of the Streets
and Alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, for the purpose of laying water mains to supply
the inhabitants of South Addition to the City of Las
Vegas with Water.

The undersigned has entered into a contract with the
Las Vegas Land and Water Company ,whereby said Company
agrees to furnish the undersigned with water.

The Streets and alleys desired to be used under said
requested permit are as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the Southerly end of the alley in
Block 8 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, thence Souther-
ly across Garces Street at right angle, thence along the
alley in Block 1 of South Addition, thence along the
Easterly side of Main Street, as designated on the
plat of South Addition, to Charleston Boulevard to the
Southerly end of the alley in Block 10, South addi-
tion, thence Northerly along the alley in Blocks
10,9,8,7,6, in said South Addition to Garces Street
crossing Boulder, Coolidge, Hoover and Gass Streets,
respectively, thence across Garces Street to the
Alley in Block 9 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Also beginning at the Southerly end of the alley
in Block 24 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, thence
Southerly across Garces Street at right angle, thence
Southerly along the alleys in Blocks 11,12,13 and 14,
South Addition to Charleston Boulevard, crossing Gass,
Hoover and Coolidge Streets respectively, thence East
along the Northerly side of Charleston Boulevard to
the Southerly end of the alley in Block 18 South
Addition, thence Northerly along the alley in Blocks
18,17,16,15 to Garces Street crossing Coolidge,

Hoover and Gass Streets respectively, thence across
Garces Street to the Southerly end of the alley in
Block 25 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Also beginning at the Southerly end of the
alley in Block 40 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
thence across Garces street at right angles, thence
Southerly along the alley in Blocks 19,20,21 South
Addition to Coolidge St. crossing Gass and Hoover
Streets respectively, thence Easterly along Coolidge
Street to its intersection with Charleston Boulevard
, thence easterly along Charleston Boulevard across
Fifth Street to the Southerly end of the Alley in
Block 27, South Addition; thence Northerly along the
the alley in Blocks 27,26,25,24 and 23, South Addi-
tion to Clark Street crossing Hoover, Gass, Garces and
Boneville Streets respectively.

Also beginning at the northerly end of the
alley in Block 19, South Addition, thence easterly along
the Southerly side of Garces Street to the Northerly
end of the alley Block 33, South Addition (The same
being Block 12, Wardie Addition ) crossing Fifth,

Sixth and Seventh Streets.

Also beginning at the Northerly end of the alley
in Block 30, South addition, thence Northerly across
Garces Street to the Alley in Block 29, South Addi-
tion, thence Northerly along the alley in said Block 29
to Bonneville Street.

Also beginning at the Northerly end of the alley
in Block 30, South addition, thence Southerly along the
alley in Blocks 30 and 31 to Hoover Street crossing
Gass Street; thence Easterly along Hoover Street cros-
sing Seventh Street to Charleston Boulevard; thence
Easterly along the Northerly side of Charleston Boulevard
to the alley in Block 34, South Addition; thence Northerly
along the alley in said Block 34 and along the alley in
Block 33, South addition (Block 12, Wardie Addition ) to
Garces Street crossing Gass street.

Also beginning at the Southerly end of the alley
in Block 31, thence across Hoover Street to Block 32.

That the undersigned intends to lay a six inch
water main from the Southerly end of the alley in
Block 8, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite along the alley
in Block 1 and along the easterly side of Main Street
to Charleston Boulevard; and also a six inch water
main from the northerly end of the alley in Block 19,

South addition along the southerly side of Garces

street to the northerly end of the alley in Block 33
South addition and all of the rest of said water
mains shall be four inches.
The undersigned. will also file with the Public
Service Commission of the State of Nevada, a schedule
of its rates and charges for water service and shall
also file what ever rules and regulations it may 
promulgate and shall also apply to said Public Service
Commission for a certificate of Public Convenience and
shall in all respects comply with the statutes of the
State of Nevada, and with the rules, regulations and or-
ders of the Public Service Commission of the State of
Nevada, relative to furnishing water to said South
Addition as a public utility.

HAWKINS LAND & WATER COMPANY

By W.E. Hawkins__________

	President.	

Whereupon, an order was made upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner
Elwell, granting a permit for laying water mains in the streets and alleys of South Addition
to the City of Las Vegas to the Hawkins Land and Water Company, said permit to incorporate
the terms and provisions of the permit previously issued to said Hawkins Land and Water
Company for the Hawkins Addition, and it is further ordered that said permit shall be issued
by the Mayor and the City Clerk upon the approval of the City Attorney. Voting on said

motion Commissioners Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, it was ordered that



the license and fines for the month of September, 1926, be distributed as follows: 

General Licenses	Light Fund		



		Municipal Court Fines Salary Fund.



Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of Morgan, Stocker and Horden for a gaming license for 

three games at the Vegas Bar on Fremont Street the same having been theretofore approved by Police and Fire 

Commissioner C.J. Hammond, whereupon an order was made upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded 

by Commissioner Smith, directing the Clerk to issue a license for three games to Morgan, Stocker and Horden

at the Vegas Bar. Voting on said motion Commissioners Smith, Elwell, and Mayor Hesse, Aye. Noes, None

The Clerk then presented the application of A.T. McCarter for a gaming license for

three games at the Exchange Pool Hall on First Street, the same having been theretofore ap-

	

proved by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, whereupon an order was mad upon motion of



Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, directing the Clerk to issue license

for 	

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license for
two games at the Miners Club on North First Street, the same having been theretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, whereupon an order was made upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, directing the Clerk to issue a license for two games to

G. Lopez at the Miners' Club on North First Street. Voting on said motion Commissioners Smith,

Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, an order was made upon motion
of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Commissioners Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,
voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the application of G. Lopez for a gaming license for
two games at the Miners Club on North First Street, the same having been theretofore approved
by Police and Fire Commissioner Hammond, whereupon an order was made upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, directing the Clerk to issue a license for two games to
G.Lopez at the Miners' Club on North First Street. Voting on said motion Commissioners Smith,

Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, an order was made upon motion
of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Elwell, that the Board adjourn until the next regular
meeting to be held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Commissioners Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse,
voting aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

Las Vegas, Nevada. November 4th, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 4th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present Hon. J.F.

Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and O.J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and the
City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved ad read.

Reports of officers were, read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the clerk of this Board.

The claim of Ed. W. Clark Forwarding Company in the sum of $5.45 for hay furnished B.S. Barrett

was rejected for the reason that the city had paid Mr. Barrett for the work done on the Streets

and had not contracted to pay for any teams or fDr hay used by any teams.

Licenses and fines in the sum of $2141.50 were ordered distributed as follows:

Salary Fund	$	376.94

Police and Fire Fund Tot	1764.56

Total		2141.50

and the clerk was directed so to notify the City Treasurer.

Said order was made upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried
upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.

At this time an order was made, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner
Smith, that the Board adjourn until Friday, the 5th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three
o'clock PMH. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, Aye.
Noes. none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 5th, 1926.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada,
held on the 5th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present Hon. W.J. Stewart,
Chairman, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, C.J. Hammond, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together with the
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Members of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, and of a committee
from the Chamber of Commerce were present at this meeting and a discussion of the proposed
lighting of the air mail landing field was had. After general discussion of the matter it
was decided upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board
shall appropriate the sum of $700 from the Publicity Fund of the City of Las Vegas to assist
in the proposed lighting. Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Hammond, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Mundy that the Board adjourn until
Friday the 12th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Hammond, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes,
none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.	November 12th, 1926.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark 
County, Nevada, held on Friday the 12th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. 
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and O.J. Smith, together with the City
Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioners Hammond and Elwell being absent.

The following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Com-
missioner Smith:

WHEREAS R.E. Cowan, the duly appointed and qualified City Mar-
shall of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, has re-
moved his domicile from the State of Nevada to the State of
California, therefore

BE IT RESOLVED that the said office of City Marshall of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the same is hereby declared
vacant.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes. none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded
by Commissioner Mundy:

WHEREAS the office of City Marshall of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, has been declared vacant, and

WHEREAS, it is necessary for the best interests of the said City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that said position of City
Marshall be filled at once,

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that R.G. McCubrey be and he is hereby appointed
city Marshall of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, at a
salary of $200 per month, said appointment to take effect upon his
executing and filing a bond in the sum of $1000.00 and upon his taking
the oath of office required by law, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, the Hon. J.F. Hesse, be and he is hereby authorized to
approved the bond of the said R.G. McCubrey.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and Smith and His Honor the
Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk presented the following communication:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

	0ctober 21,1926.



Honorable Fred Hesse, Mayor,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

Referring to our conversation in reference to re-
placement of city fire hydrants, I beg to herewith and you
figures as given us by the Pacific Pipe and Tank Co. covering
the entire cost of same, which includes all 150 ft. runs, 6"
pipe from Water mains to hydrants. The cost of this pipe is
80 per foot, as you will note, quoted by the Pacific Pipe
and Tank people:

Fire Hydrant Connections 

30 pcs. 6" x 20 ' M.B. Rwd. Pipe, 600'	.80	$480.00

13 -	6" W tees	8.00	104.00

1-	6" - 90% ell	6.50

860' - 6" M.B. Rwd. pipe	.80	688.00

Installation of 30 hydrants, etc.	20.00	600.00

Installation of 860'- 6" pipe	.30	 	$258.00

$2136.50

We are well along with our work and are handling this matter as suggested
by you. will you, therefore, kindly sand me letter of authority for the
expenditure, which will be billed to you after the work is completed.

Yours truly,

Walter R. Bracken

Vice President & Agent.

Whereupon it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner
Smith that the performance of the above mentioned work at the expenditure hereinbefore
set forth be and the same is hereby authorized, and the Clerk is hereby directed so to
notify Walter R. Bracken, Agent of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company. Voting on said
motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.

	 Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time
it is hereby ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy
that the Board adjourn until an adjourned meeting to be held on Wednesday the 24th day
of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Voting on said motion Commissioners
Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 27th, 1926

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 24th day of November, A.D. 1926, at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with commissioners O.J. Smith and W.B.
Mundy, together with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the city Clerk, Commissioners
C.J. Hammond and W.H. Elwell being absent.

All bills allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk of the Board.

The petition of Thomas B. Keeler for permission to lay a pipe line down the alley from
Mesquite to Linden Streets, between Seventh and Eighth Streets was granted and the City
Attorney was authorized to draw up said permit and the Mayor and City Clerk were directed
to sign said permit.

Thereupon the Board took under advisement the question of making certain improvements
to the city streets by applications of calcium chloride solution, and after a general
discussion of the matter the Street Commissioner was authorized to order one ear of the
solution and apply it as an experiment.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith that the Board adjourn
until the next regular meeting to be held on Thursday the 2nd day of December, A.D 1926.,
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. December 2nd, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of December, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and W.H. Elwell, together
with the City Attorney, F.A. Stevens, Esq., and the city clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith the licenses and fines

for the month of November, 1926, were ordered distributed as follows:

Street	Fund	$500.00

Police	and Fire	Fund	1059.50______

Total	$1569.50

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.
Noes, none.

Thereupon the Board took under discussion the proposition of inspection of the dairies
furnishing milk to the city, and the opinion was expressed that there should be some inspection
if it could be arranged with out becoming too great a financial burden upon the city. The
question was continued for further investigation on the part of members of the Board.

The matter of further sidewalk construction and of proper and strict inspection of the
same also came up for consideration and general discussion.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it
was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board ad-
journ until Tuesday the 21st day of December, A.D. 1926, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye.
Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. December 21st, 1926.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of December, A.D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. Present His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith and C.J. Ham-
mond, together with the City Attorney and City Clerk, Commissioner W.H. Elwell being absent.

On motion of Commissioner Hammond, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered that
the city attorney be and he hereby authorized to purchase of Bancroft Whitney Company Elliot
on Roads and Streets, 1926 Edition at a cost of $20.00.

Vote on said Resolution as follows : Commissioners Mundy, Hammond, Smith and his Honor the
Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was ordered

that the City Attorney be and he is hereby authorized and instructed to appear on behalf of the
City of Las Vegas, and the respective Commissioners made defendants in an action now pending
in the District Court of Clark County, Nevada, wherein H. Blanding, et al are plaintiffs, and The

City of Las Vegas, et al are defendants arising out of and embracing alleged threatened obstruction
of that portion of Main Street extended southerly which is embraced in the South Addition,
plat of which has heretofore been approved by the Board. Vote on said Resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Hammond, Smith and Mundy, and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered upon
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until the next regular meeting to be held on
Thursday the 6th day of January, A.D 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
	COUNTY NEVADA, January 6, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of January A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, C. J. Hammond, and
W. H. Elwell together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read, and there being no omission on corrections
were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the
Clerk of the Board.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

this time the gaming license of J. W. Horden, A. T. McCarter were approved, and the
Clerk was directed to issue the license for same.

Thereupon the Board together with the County Board and W. R. Bracken, representing the
Las Vegas Land & Water Co., and R. W. Martin, representing the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce,
took under discussion the proposition of transferring City and County property to the Las
Vegas Land & Water Co. for the purpose of building the new Hotel.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it
was ordered upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Saturday the
8th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith, Hammond and His Honor the Mayor
J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, JANUARY 8,

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.
Present Hon. J. F, Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and W. H. Elsell,
together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., and the City Clerk.

At this time the business of transferring property and building the Hotel was considered.

The Petitions circulated for signatures of City and County voters petitioning City commissioners
to reconvey the property in question were presented and City Clerk was directed to certify the
signatures contained therein and present same at the meeting of January 12, 1927.

The gaming license of Serreville & Stocker were approved and the Clerk was directed to
issue the license of same.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, January 15, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada held on the 15th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.
Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners Elwell, Mundy Smith, and the City Attorney,
F. A. Stevens together with the City Clerk.

Report of J. T. McWilliams on question of acquiring lard to produce water supply for Old
Town was presented, filed and considered by the Board. The matter was laid over until the
next meeting.

At this time W. E. Hawkins reported that the residents in in a portion of Block 2,

Hawkins addition desires to put in at their own expense a sewer line in the alley running
northerly and southerly to connect with existing lines in alley running easterly and westerly
in Block 2, of Hawkins Addition. The matter was considered, upon motion of Commissioner

O.	J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, the following Resolution was duly adopted:
Resolved that T. A. Wells, be and he is hereby granted permission, subject to compliance
with the laws and ordinances of the City to put in at the expense of himself and residents in
Block 2 of Hawkins Addition a Six inch sewer line in the alley running Northerly and Southerly,
in Block 2 of Hawkins Addition to connect with the existing sewer line running easterly and

westerely in said Block 2 of Hawkins Addition.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS NEVADA, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA. January 12, 1927

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.
Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners, W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens and City Clerk.

At this time upon motion duly made and carried the gaming license of G. Lopez & M. Marquez
were approved and the clerk directed to issue the license.

At this time the following Ordinance was read for first time:

An Ordinance establishing official grades of the lots, streets, alleys, avenues, public
places, sewers, and other grades in Clerk's Las Vegas Townsite and in other additions to and
subdivisions of the City of Las Vegas, fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the
provisions hereof, and repealing Sections one, two, three, four and five of Ordinance No. 47
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance establishing official grades of the lots,
streets, alleys, avenues, public places, sewers, and other grades in Clerk's Las Vegas
Townsite and City of Las Vegas, and regulating the construction of sidewalks therein and other
matters relating thereto", approved Oct. 3, 1913, and also repealing all Ordinances and parts
of Ordinances in conflict herewith." On motion duly made and seconded and carried this
Ordinance was passed over for the second reading.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was
ordered upon motion of Commissioners Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that the Board
adjourn until Saturday the 15th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.

upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, the 12th day of
January A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.
Vote on said Resolution as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith, Aye, Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Wednesday, January 19,1927, at
the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioner Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse, Aye, Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY
NEVADA, JANUARY 19, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 19th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and

Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time J. T. McWilliams appeared before the Board on the question of acquiring
land to produce water supply for Old Town. The matter was continued until the next meeting.

At this time Col. May appeared before the Board on the question of acquiring land to
produce water supply for Old Town. The matter was laid over until the next meeting.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Monday, the 24th day of
January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioner Mundy, Elwell, Smith and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse.
Aye. Noes None.

Office Of The City of Las Vegas , Clark County, Nevada
January 24, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada held on the 24th day of January, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners Mundy, Elwell and Smith, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

This being the time set for the joint meeting of the City and County Commissioners to
discuss the matter of the building of the new Hotel.. This matter being continued until
Monday, January 31, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered upon
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Monday, January 31,1927, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioner, Mundy, Elwell, Smith and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse.
Aye. Noes None.
OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, FEBRUARY 3, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 3rd day of February, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M. Present
Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. H. Elwell and Chas. J.
Hammond, together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read, and there being no omissions or corrections were
approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the Clerk
of the Board.

All claims approved as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time the gaming license of J. W. Horden, for an additional table was approved, and
the Clerk was directed to issue the license for same. Moved by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, and
Seconded by O. J. Smith.

Thereupon there being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered
upon motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Friday, February 4, A. D. 1927, at
the hour of three o'clock , P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners, Mundy, Elwell, Smith, Hammond, and his Honor the Mayor
J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, FEBRUARY 4, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of February, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and W. E. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read, and there being no omissions or corrections were
approved as read.

It was ordered by the Board at this time to have all licenses and fines apportioned as
follows: $2,000.00, to Police and Fire, $500.00 to salary, and the balance to General. The Clerk
was then directed to write to the City Treasurer, Mr. J. M. Ullom, as to this distribution.

On motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner 0. J. Smith, the following
Preambles and Resolution was duly adopted:

	 RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there were cast in the City of Lae Vegas for Representative in Congress at the last
preceding general election, held on November 2, 1926, Thirteen Hundred thirty eight votes, and

WHEREAS, a petition has this 8th day of February, 1927, been presented to and filed with the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, containing the following prayer, to-wit:

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada:

Gentlemen:

We the undersigned, electors of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do
hereby petition your honorable body to reconvey, upon such terms as you may pescribe, all the right,
title and interest, of said city of Las Vegas, in and to the land and premises hereinafter described
which have heretofore been donated and dedicated for use as an agricultural for rounds, park,
aviation field and automobile parking ground for the accomodation of the traveling public and
purposes incident thereto, to Las Vegas Land & Water Co., the corporation from whom such land was
acquired. We respectively believe that such reconveyance will be advantageous to such city and its
citizens.

The land so donated and dedicated which we petition to be reconveyed is situate
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and is described as follows:

Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the NE corner of Block 33, at its
intersection with Stewart and Fifth street as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and
running thence N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. 1060 ft; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min, E. 960 ft; thence N. 54 deg.
47 min. E. 4472 ft; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. #. 860 ft; thence S.28deg, 13 min. W. 1360 ft; to the
place of beginning excepting and excluding therefrom 667 acres in conflict with Buck's addition
and comprising a net area of 31.510 acres exclusive of said conflict; being the same land as is
described in the deed from Las Vegas Land & Water Co., a corporation to the County of Clark, in
the State of Nevada and the city of Las Vegas a municipal corporation in said County of Clark,

State of Nevada as tenants in common and which deed is recorded in Book 8 of deeds, pages 408,

409 and 410 Clark County, Nevada, Records, and which records are hereby referred to and made a
part hereof.

WHEREAS, said petition consists of several parts, each containing signatures and verification
as hereinafter mentioned, and each part has appended thereto the signature and places of residence
of electors of said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, each of said parts of said petition has appended thereto as a part thereof the
oath of one of the signers of each respective part that the statements therein made and the
signatures therein set forth are true to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person
make the respective oath, and

WHEREAS, this Board has, found, and hereby finds and determines from the foregoing that the
said petition, as a whole and in its said several parts, is in proper from and is verified as
required by law and further that the said petition in the aggregate contains the signatures of
Seven hundred seventy four persons, who were at the time of the making of such signatures, and
now are, electors of the said City of Las Vegas in a number in excess of fifty-one per cent of
the number of votes cast in such City for representative in Congress at the last preceding general
election, held November 2, 1926, and

WHEREAS, it appears to and is so found and determined by this Board that the land mentioned
and embraced in said petition, and hereinafter more particularly is described is now held in
trust for the public for the following public uses, towit: For use solely for agricultural fair
grounds, park, aviation field and automobile parking ground for the accomodation of the traveling
public and purposes incident thereto, by the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, both in the
State of Nevada, as tenants in common, under a donation and dedication thereof to such public
uses, made by that certain deed of conveyance, bearing date the 17th day of April, 1922, made by
Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, as grantor, and said County of Clerk and said City
of Las Vegas, as grantees, which said deed embraces and embraced the following described land,
to-wit:

Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28˚ 13' E. from the N E. Corner of Block 33, at its
intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown on map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and
running thence N. 61˚ 47'W. 1050 ft; thence N. 28˚13' E. 960 ft; thence N. 54˚ 47' E. 447.2
ft; thence S. 61 47' E. 860 ft; thence S. 28˚ 13' W. 1360 ft., to the place of beginning,
excepting therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's Addition and comprising a net area of
31, 510 acres, exclusive of said conflict, and

WHEREAS , said deed by its terms provides for the recersion of said land to the said donor
Las Vegas Land & Water Company upon the failure of the said grantees, to comply with the
conditions thereof, as set forth in said deed, which is of record in Book 8 of Deeds, rages
408,409,410 and 410 A, Clark County, Nevada Records, which said record is hereby specifically
referred to and made a part hereof, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that said Las Vegas Land & Water Company is about to
enter an agreement with one A. L. Richmond of Los Angeles, California to convey to said A. L.
Richmond approximately ninety acres of land in said City of Las Vegas, including said 31.510
acres hereinafter referred to as "Public Park", upon the requirements of a proposed agreement
a copy of which has been submitted to this Board, wherein, among other things, the said A. L.
Richmond is required, on or before six months from the date of the execution and delivery of
the deed and abstract, provided for in said proposed agreement, to commence and thereafter
diligently pursue the construction of a first class modern tourist hotel on said premises, so
proposed to be conveyed by said Las Vegas land and Water Company, the same to contain not lees
than one hundred fifty (150) rooms and to cost and to be reasonable worth not less than Two
Hundred Fifty Thousand ($250,000.00) Dollars, together with suitable adjucts such as garages,
roadways, drives, walks, lawns, gardens, tennis courts, swimming pool, a nine hole golf course
and other play grounds in and upon said premises, so proposed to be conveyed to said A. L.
Richmond by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, the said adjucts to cost and to be reasonable
worth the sum of Fifty-Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) and to complete the same and the whole
thereof and have it and them available and in actual operation for the accomodation of guests
on or before September 1, 1928; and, it is provided in said proposed agreement that in order
to insure the construction of said hotel and adjuncts upon said premises, so proposed to be
conveyed to said A. L. Richmond, as aforesaid, be, the said A. L. Richmond shall on or before
thirty days from the date of the execution and delivery of said agreement, deliver to the said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company a good and sufficient bond in the penal sum of Fifty Thousand
($50,000.00) with sureties to be approved by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, conditioned
on and requiring the performance of said agreement, and

WHEREAS, in order to fully consummate the arrangement contemplated by and embraced in said
proposed agreement, it is necessary that said City of Las Vegas and County of Clark re-convey the

above-described Public park to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board and is so found and determined by this Board that
the maintenance by said City, either solely, or in connection with such co-owner, the said
County of Clark, of such public park for the purposes specified in the instrument or instruments
of donation and dedication, as aforesaid, under the conditions prescribed by and contained in
said deed of donation and dedication as aforesaid, is unnecessarily burdensome upon said City,
and that such re-conveyance of the said premises, so held by said City and County, to said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company, to facilitate and make possible the consummation of the said
proposed agreement and arrangements and the construction and operation of said hotel and
adjuncts, will be advantageous to said city and its citizens,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a deed of re-conveyance, without warranty, on behalf
of said City of said Public Park, as hereinabove more particularly described, shall be and is

hereby ordered and directed to be made of all the right, title and interest of said City of

Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company; that such deed of re-conveyance on behalf of
said City shall be executed under the hand of the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, and attested
by the City Clerk thereof under the seal of said City; that such deed of re-conveyance may be
made, as aforesaid, either in conjunction with a deed executed by the County of Clark or

separately; that in such deed of re-conveyance the right shall be specifically reserved to said

City, either separately or in conjunction with the said County of Clark, to remove the

improvements from said public park within Sixty days from the date of such deed, so executed

by and on behalf of said City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said deed of re-conveyance shall not be delivered by the said
Mayor and City Clerk, who are hereby empowered to make delivery of said deed of re-conveyance,
until the said proposed agreement, substantially in the form and substance as above mentioned,
has been entered into between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond, and
further , that in such agreement is not entered into between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company
and said A. L. Richmond, substantially in the form and substance as above mentioned within thirty
days from this eighth day of February, 1927, then this Resolution and all the papers thereof shall
ipso facto become imperative, null and void.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Mundy, Elwell, Smith, and his Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes None.

Thereupon upon motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, by Resolution duly adopted at this meeting, held on the 8th day of February, 1927
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have authorized the Mayor and City
Clerk to execute and deliver to Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, a deed of re-
conveyance of what was denominated therein as "Public Park" the premises embraced therein
being more particularly described in said Resolution, to which reference is hereby had and
made, and
WHEREAS, it is deemed necessary in order to protect the rights and interests of the City
of Las Vegas and its citizens that further provision should be made with respect to the
delivery of said deed of re-conveyance as hereinafter set forth, and

Whereas, one of the principal considerations for the making and delivery of said deed of
reconveyance was and is the assurance that the said tourist hotel and adjuncts would be completed
and put in operation as provided in the said proposed agreement between said Las Vegas Land
& Water Company and said A. L. Richmond, and it is also now considered and was considered in
the adoption of said Resolution at this meeting, as aforesaid, that provision should be made for
the reconveyance to said City of said public park in the event the said proposed agreement is
executed and delivered by and between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond,
and said A. L. Richmond shall fail to execute and deliver the ($50,000.00) indemnity bond provided
for in said proposed agreement, and further that in the event said agreement is executed and
delivered and said bond is also executed and delivered as proposed that said City of Las Vegas
should have a reasonable share of the net proceeds derived from said indemnity bond in the event
of its successful enforcement upon a breach of the conditions thereof.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED , that as a further condition precedent to the delivery of said
deed of reconveyance by said Mayor and City Clerk they shall on behalf of said City of Las Vegas
under the hand of said Mayor, attested by said City Clerk under the seal of said City enter
into an agreement with said Las Vegas Land & Water Company upon the following conditions;

1.	That in the event said purposed agreement between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and
said A. L. Richmond is entered into substantially in the form provided for in said Resolution
heretofore passed at this meeting, and said A. L. Richmond shall within the period of thirty days,
provided for in said proposed agreement, fail to neglect or refuse to deliver the said $50,000.00
indemnity bond therein provided for, and said deed of reconveyance shall have passed to said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company, then and in that event the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company
shall re-convey said Public Park to the City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

2.	That in the event said purposed agreement and said bond are executed and delivered, as
aforesaid, and in the event a breach of the conditions of said bond is made by said A. L. Richmond
giving rise to a cause of action upon said bond by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, then and
in that event One sixth of the net Amount recorded in any but upon said bond shall be, upon its
recovery by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company paid to said City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith, His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none

There being no further business to come before the Board it was made upon motion duly made
and carried that the Board adjourn until Friday the 11th day of February, A. D. 1927, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners, Mundy, Elwell, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F.
Hesse, Aye. Noes. none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada.

February 11, 1927



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada, held on the 11th day of February, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock,. P. M. Present
Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. H. Elwell, O. J. Smith, together with
the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read, and there being no omissions or corrections were
approved as read.

At this time the Clerk presented the application for gaming license of W. H. Hume, It was
moved by Smith, Seconded by Mundy, that the application be approved. The Clerk was then directed
to issue the license for same.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered upon
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Saturday the 12th day of February, 1927,
at three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners, Mundy, Elwell, Smith, and his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse.
Aye, Noes hone.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, February 12, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of February, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. H. Elwell, O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney F.A. Stevens and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and there being no omissions or corrections were
approved as read.

At this time the making up of a Budget and the reviewing of taxes were taken under
consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time it was ordered upon
motion duly made and carried that the Board adjourn until Wednesday the 16th day of February,

1927,	at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Voting on said motion Commissioners, Mundy, Elwell, Smith, and his honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse.
Aye. Noes, none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA, FEBRUARY 16, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 16th day of February, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M. Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith,

C. J. Hammond, together with the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, and City Clerk.

Minutes of the previous meetings were read and there being no omissions or corrections
were approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner W.B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner O. Smith

it was ordered that the resolutions of February 4, 1927 be rescinded.

Voting on said motion Commissioners, W. B. Mundy, 0. J. Smith, C. J. Hammond, and his Honor

the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner _____________________, seconded by Commissioner _______________
the following Preambles and Resolutions were duly adopted:

RESOLUTION.

WHEREAS, There were cast in the City of Las Vegas for Representative in Congress at the last
preceding general election, held on Nov. 2, 1926, Thirteen hundred thirty-eight votes, and

WHEREAS, a petition was on the 8th day of February, 1927, presented to and filed with the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, containing the following prayer, to-wit:

TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONER OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, IN THE COUNTY OF CLARK,

STATE OF NEVADA:

Gentlemen:

We, the undersigned, electors of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do hereby petition
your honorable body to reconvey, upon such terms as you may prescribe, all the right, title and interest,
of said city of Las Vegas in and to the land and premises hereinafter described which has heretofore
been donated and dedicated for use as an agricultural fair grounds, park, aviation field and automobile
parking ground for the accomodation of the traveling public and purposes incident thereto, to Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, the corporation from whom such land was acquired. We respectively believe that
such reconveyance will be advantageous to such city and its citizens.

The land so donated and dedicated which we petition to be reconveyed is situate in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and is described as follows:

Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28 Deg. 13 min. E. from the NE corner of Block 33 at its inter-
section with Stewart and Fifth Street as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence

N.	61 Deg. 47 min. W. 1060 ft.; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min, E. 960 ft.; thence N. 54 deg. 47 min. E. 447.2
ft.; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E 860 ft.; thence S. 28 deg. 13 min. W. 1360 ft. to the place of beginning,
excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's addition and comprising a net area of
31.510 acres exclusive of said conflict; being the same laud as is described in the deed from Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, a corporation, to the County of Clark, in the State of Nevada and the City of Las
Vegas, a municipal corporation in said County of Clark, State of Nevada, as tenants in common and which
deed is recorded in Book 8 of Deeds, pages 408, 409 and 410 Clark County, Nevada, Records, and which re-
cords are hereby referred to and made a part hereof.
and.

WHEREAS, said petition consists of several parts, each containing signatures and verification as
hereinafter mentioned, and each part has appended thereto the signatures and places of residence of
electors of said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, each of said parts of said petition has appended thereto as a part thereof the oath of
one of the signers of each respective part that the statements therein made and the signatures therein
set forth are true to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person making the respective oath, and

WHEREAS, this Board has found, and hereby finds and determines from the foregoing that the said
petition, as a whole and in its said several parts, is in proper form and is verified as required by
law, and further that the said petition in the aggregate contains the signatures of Seven Hundred
Sixty (760) persons, who were at the time of the making of such signature, and now are, electors of the
said City of Las Vegas, in a number in excess of fifty-one per cent, of the number of votes cast in
such City for representative in Congress at the last preceding general election, held November 2, 1926,
and

WHEREAS, it appears to and is so found and determined by this Board that the land mentioned and
embraced in said petition, and hereinafter more particularly is described, is now held in trust for the
public for the following uses, to-wit: For use solely for agricultural fair grounds, park, aviation
field and automobile parking ground for the accomodation of the traveling public and purposes incident
thereto, by the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, both in the State of Nevada, as tenants in
common, under a donation and dedication thereof to such public uses, made by that certain deed of con-
veyance, bearing date the 17th day of April, 1922, made by Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation,
as grantor, and said County of Clark and said City of Las Vegas, as grantees, which said deed embraces
and embraced the following described land, to-wit; Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28˚ 13' E. from the

N.	E. Corner of Block 33, at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown on map of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence N. 6l˚47' W. 1060 ft.; thence N. 28˚13' E. 960 ft; thence N. 54˚
47' E. 447.2 ft.; thence S. 61 47' E. 860 ft.; thence S. 28˚ 13' W. 1360 ft.; to the place of beginning,

excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's Addition, and comprising a net area
of 31.510 acres, exclusive of said conflict, and

WHEREAS, said deed of its terms provides for the reversion of said land to the said donor, Las
Vegas Land & Water Company upon the failure of the said grantees to comply with the conditions thereof,
as set forth in said deed, which is of record in Book 8 of Deeds, pages 408-409-410 A, Clark County,

Nevada Records, which said records is hereby specifically referred to and made a part hereof, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, has entered into an
 agreement, bearing date the 9th day of February, 1927, with one A. L. Richmond, of Los Angeles, California
to convey to said A. L. Richmond approximately ninety acres of land in said city of Las Vegas including
said 31.510 acres, hereinafter referred to as "Public Park", upon the requirements of said agreement, a
copy of which has been submitted to this Board, wherein, among other things, the said A. L. Richmond is
required, on or before six months from the date of execution and delivery of the deed and abstract, pro-
vided for in said agreement, to commence and thereafter diligently pursue the construction of a first
class modern tourist hotel on said premises, so proposed to be conveyed by said Las Vegas Land & Water
Company, the same to contain not less than one hundred fifty (150) rooms, and the cost to be reasonably
worth not less than two hundred fifty thousand ($250,000.00) Dollars, together with suitable adjuncts such
as garages, roadways, drives, walks, lawns, gardens, tennis courts, a nine hole golf course and other play
grounds in and upon said premises, so proposed to be conveyed to said A. L. Richmond by said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, the said adjuncts to cost and to be reasonably worth the sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000.00) and to complete the same and the whole thereof and have it and them available and in actual
operation for the accomodation of guests, on or before September 1st, 1928; and, it is provided in said
agreement that in order to insure the construction of said hotel and adjuncts upon said premises, so
proposed to be conveyed to said A. L. Richmond, as aforesaid, he, the said A. L. Richmond shall, on or
before ninety days from the date of the execution and delivery of said agreement, deliver to the said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company a good and sufficient bond in the penal sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000.00), with sureties to be approved by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, conditioned on and re-
quiring the performance of said agreement, and an additional bond of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00)
without sureties, executed by A. L. Richmond, individually with the same conditions, and

WHEREAS, in order to fully consummate the arrangement contemplated by and embraced in said agree-
ment, it is necessary that said City of Las Vegas and County of Clark re-convey the above described
Public Park to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board and is found and determined by this Board that the maintenance
by said City, either solely, or in connection with such co-owner, the said County of Clark, of such
public park for the purposes specified in the instrument or instruments of donation and dedication, as
aforesaid, under the conditions prescribed by and contained in said deed of donation and dedication
as aforesaid, is unnecessarily burdensome upon said City, and that such re-conveyance of the said premises
so held by said City and County, to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, to facilitate and make possible
the construction and operation of said agreement and arrangements and the construction and operation of
said hotel and adjuncts, will be advantageous to said City and its citizens.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a deed of re-conveyance, without warranty, on behalf of said
City of Said Public Park, as hereinabove more particularly described, shall be and is hereby ordered and
directed to be made of all the right, title and interest of said City of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company; that such deed of re-conveyance on behalf of said City shall be executed under the

hand of the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas, and attested by the City Clerk thereof under the seal of
said City; that such deed of reconveyance may be made, as aforesaid, either in conjunction with a deed
executed by the County of Clark or separately; that in such deed of re-conveyance the right shall be
specifically reserved to said City, either separately or in conjunction with the said County of Clark,
to remove the improvements from said public park within ninety days from the date of such deed, so
executed by and on behalf of said City .

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith 

and his honor, the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye; Noes, none

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner W.H. Elwell seconded by Commissioner

the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, by Resolution duly adopted at this meeting, held on the 16th of February, 1927. the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have authorized the Mayor and City Clerk to execute
and deliver to Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, a deed of re-conveyance of what was
denominated therein as "Public Park," the premises embraced therein being more particularly described

in said Resolution, to	 which reference is hereby had and made, and

Whereas, it is deemed necessary in order to protect the rights and interests of the City of Las
Vegas and its citizens that further provision should be made with respect to the delivery of said deed
of re-conveyance as hereinafter set forth, and

Whereas, one of the principal considerations for the making and delivery of said deed of recon-
veyance was and is the assurance that the said tourist hotel and adjuncts will be completed and put
in operation as provided in the said agreement between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said
A. L. Richmond, and it is also now considered and was considered in the adoption of said Resolution

at this meeting, as aforesaid, that provision should be made for the re-conveyance to said City of

said public park in the event the said proposed agreement is executed and delivered by and between
said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond, and said A. L. Richmond shall fail to
execute and deliver the $50,000 indemnity bonds provided for in said agreement, and further that in
the event said bonds are executed and delivered as required in said agreement, said City of Las Vegas
should have a reasonable share of the net proceeds derived from said indemnity bonds in the event
of their successful enforcement upon a breach of the conditions thereof.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that as a further condition precedent to the delivery of said deed
of re-conveyance by said Mayor and City Clerk they shall on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, under
the hand of said Mayor, attested by said City Clerk under the seal of said City enter into an agree-
ment with said Las Vegas Land & Water Company upon the following conditions:

1.	That in the event said A. L. Richmond shall within the period of ninety days, provided for

in said agreement, fail, neglect or refuse to deliver the said two $50,000 indemnity bonds therein
provided for, and said deed of re-conveyance shall have passed to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company,
then and in that event the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company shall re-convey said Public Park to

the City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

2.	That in the event said bonds are executed and delivered, as aforesaid, and in the event a
breach of the conditions of said bonds is made by said A. L. Richmond, giving rise to a cause of
action upon said bonds by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, then and in that event one-sixth of
the net amount recovered in any suit upon said bonds shall be, upon its recovery by said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company paid to said City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, Smith and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse, Aye. Noes, None.

AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into in duplicate this 16th day of February, A.D., 1927, by
and between Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue

of the laws of the State of Nevada, with its principal office and place of business at the City of

Las Vegas, said state, the party of the first part, and the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation
of the State of Nevada, the party of the second part, WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the said party of the second part, on this 16th day of February, A. D., 1927, at an
adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, duly adopted
these two certain Resolutions which are attached hereto, marked respectively Exhibits "A" and "B" and
made a part hereof, and

WHEREAS, the said agreement between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond,
as mentioned in said Resolutions, Exhibits "A" and "B" was heretofore, on the 9th day of February, 1927
entered into between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond, a copy of which said
agreement, so entered into between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A. L. Richmond is at-
tached hereto and made a part hereof, marked "Exhibit C."

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and under and by virtue of the terms of said
Resolutions, Exhibits "A" and "B" aforesaid, it is hereby mutually agreed between the parties hereto,
as follows, to-wit:

1.	That if the said A. L. Richmond shall within ninety days from the date of the execution and
delivery of said agreement, "Exhibit C." namely, within ninety days from February 9, 1927, fail, neg-
lect or refuse to deliver to the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company the said indemnity bonds in the
penal sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) each, as provided for in said agreement, "Exhibit C."
and said deed of reconveyance shall have passed to the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company from said
City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark to the public park mentioned in said Resolutions, Exhibits
"A" and "B", then and in that event the party of the second part herein shall, upon the request of said
City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners, re-convey said Public Park
and the whole thereof to said City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

2.	That if said bonds of Fifty Thousand Dollars each are executed and delivered to said second
party herein, as provided in said agreement, "Exhibit C," and in the event of a breach of the conditions
of said bonds by the said L. Richmond, or his assigns, giving rise to a cause of action on said bonds
by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, then and in that event one-sixth of the net amount recovered in
any suit upon said bonds shall be, upon its recovery by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, paid to
said City of Las Vegas.

3.	Within ten days after the execution and delivery of said bonds of Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) each to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a full, true and correct copy thereof, as executed
shall be delivered to said City of Las Vegas by said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, certified by the
Secretary of said Las Vegas Land & Water Company to be correct copies.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said party of the first part, acting through its_______________________

and ___________________, thereunto duly authorized, and said party of the second part, acting by and

through its Mayor and City Clerk, thereunto duly authorized, have hereunto set their respective
corporate names and seals the day and year in this agreement first above written.

LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER COMPANY
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK
STATE OF NEVADA.

OFFICE OF THE CITY OF CLARK LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, FEBRUARY 19th, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of February 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. H. Elwell, together

with the city Attorney, F. A. Stevens, and City Clerk.			

At this time Ordinance No. 121 was read for the second time and upon the motion of Com. Mundy, seconded

	

 by Com. Smith was passed upon the following vote: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O.J. Smith, W. H. Elwell and his 

Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes, none.

This ordinance was ordered published in the Las Vegas Review for one week.

The Board at this time reviewed the tax situation for the Year 1927 and was engaged in drawing.

up a budget for 1927.	



Upon motion of Commissioner Elwell, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was ordered on motion
duly carried that this body adjourn to March 1st, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLARK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, MARCH 1, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held on the 1st day of March, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, p. M.

Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. H. Elwell,
the city Attorney, and the City Clerk, commissioner C. J. Hammond being absent.

The board was engaged at this time in working up the budget and reviewing the Tax situation
for the year 1927.

THEREUPON: On Motion duly made seconded and carried this Board adjourned to March 2, 1927 at
the hour of three o'clock p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLARK, LAS VEGAS
	CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, MARCH 2, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held on the 2nd day of March, 1927, at the hour of three O'clock, p. m.

Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. H. Elwell,
the city Attorney, and the City Clerk, commissioner C. J. Hammond being absent.

At this time the board was again engaged in drawing up a budget for the year 1927.

At this time proposed ordinance No. 122 entitled "An ordinance providing for fire limits,
and the construction and equipment of buildings, etc.", was read for first time.

At this time proposed ordinance No. 123 creating the office of City Engineer and Superintendent
of Streets was read for first time.

On motion duly made, seconded, and carried, it was ordered at this board adjourn.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. MARCH 4, 1927.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held on the fourth day March, A.D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. Present: Hon.

J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith, W.H. Elwell, the City Attorney and

the City Clerk; Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

	

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Com. Elwell, the budget as pre-
sented by the Clerk was approved and ordered filed in the various offices as required by
law. Voting on said motion: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and His Honor the Mayor,
J.F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

this time proposed Ordinance No. 124, entitled an Ordinance to amend, revise and
re-enact Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66, of the City of Las Vegas" was read for the First
time and laid over for second reading.

No further business appearing it was ordered on motion of Commissioner Elwell,
seconded by Commissioner Smith, same being unanimously carried that this board adjourn
until Wednesday, March 9,1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. MARCH 3,1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of the City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the third day of March, A.D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present: Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O.J. Smith, W.H. Elwell, together
with the City Attorney and the City Clerk. Commissioner C.J. Hammond being absent.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings were read, and there being
no omissions or corrections were approved as read.

Reports of officers were read, approved and ordered placed on file.

All claims were allowed as per claim book in the office of the Clerk.

It appearing to the Board that this is the time for considering the election

to be held for the purpose of electing two Commissioners and a city clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, it was the order of the Board, on motion of Commissioner  , and
seconded by Commissioner that the following Resolution be spread upon the min-

utes of the Board:

WHEREAS under the provisions of section 3 of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada in the year 1927,
a general election shall be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday, every odd
numbered year dating from the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1913, and it ap-
pearing therefrom that a general election for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be held on
the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1929, and the matter coming up regularly to
be heard and arrangements made therefor, and motion duly made and carried, the following
Resolution was adopted, to-wit:

Resolved that a general election be and the same is hereby ordered to be held
at the City Fire House situated on lot 23 in block 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, for
voting precinct No. 1; at the building known as the Public Library Building situated on
block 20 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, for voting precinct No. 2; At the garage of the
Clark Forwarding Company situated on the rear of lot 26, block 7 of Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, for voting precinct No. 3; at the Latter Day Saints Church on sixth street
between Fremont and Bridger in Hawkins Addition to Las Vegas, for voting precinct No. 4;

and at the Administration Building of the City and County Fair Grounds for voting precinct
precinct No. 5, on the 3rd day of day of May, 1927, for the election of a Mayor and four
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas; that the polls be opened at 8 o'clock a.m. and
close at 6 o'clock p.m., on said day; that Clara Wadsworth, Minnie Woodard, and Alice
Day inspectors and Harriet Hemphill and Delpline Squires, clerks, be and they are hereby
appointed as inspectors and clerks of election precinct No. 1; That Luetta Gill
Agnes Watters, Loulla B. Hansell, inspectors, and Emma N. Schuyler and Minerva Honford,
clerks, be and they are hereby appointed as inspectors and clerks of election precinct
No. 2; That Lucille Earl, Anna L. Peiffer, and Sarah W. Root, inspectors, and Minnie
Davison, Agnes Mott, clerks, be and they are hereby appointed as inspectors and clerks

of election of precinct No. 3; that Emily R. Ball, Ruth Cahlan, Ruby White, inspectors

and Julia P. Mundy, and Elizabeth Pembroke, clerks, be and they are hereby appointed as
inspectors and clerks of election precinct No. 4; and that Anna Knickerbocker, Eva W.

King, Zetta Weeks, inspectors, and Walter Reeder, Sr. , and Florence S Boyer, Clerks, be
and they are hereby appointed as inspectors and clerks of election precinct No. 5.

BE IT 	FURTHER RESOLVED	that no candidate, for office at said election shall be

entitled to have his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate, at least

ten days before the date of such election, file in the office of the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, a certificate of nomination, in writing, containing the name of the
person nominated. Such certificate shall be signed and verified by the candidate seeking
nomination and shall show that the nominee therein possesses the qualifications as required

by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all provisions of the law relating to general el-
ections so far as the same shall be made applicable, and not inconsistent with the provisions
of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be observed in conducting such
election.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the
holding of said election. Such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution and such
other matters necessary to fully and fairly appraise the qualified voters of the City of
Las Vegas Nevada, the date, time and places of holding such election, the purpose thereof,
the condition under which held, the names of the Inspectors, the method and manner of class-
ifying the commissioners on ballot and such other matters as may be deemed proper in the pre-
mises.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such Proclamation be published in the Las Vegas
Age a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada for a period of at least four consecutive weeks, (four issues) prior to the date of
such election and printed copies of such proclamation be posted by the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, in fifteen public places in said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the
same period of time, three of such Proclamations to be posted in each of said voting precincts.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to notify the duly elected and acting registry
agent in and for the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to open Registration Books for the
registration of the voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for said election at the time
and in the manner provided by the laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration of
voters in incorporated cities. Registration Books shall be open March 14th, 1927.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purposes of complying with the general
law of the State of Nevada governing elections and for the purpose of giving the qualified
voters of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a full and fair opportunity of casting their ballots
at such election the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and it is hereby divided into five (5)

voting election precincts described as follows to-wit.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1, shall extend from the center line of Ogden
street south to center line of Carson street, and west from the center line of
fifth street to the City west limits.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 2, shall extend south from the center line of
Carson street to the center line of Clark street, and west from the center line
of fifth street to the City west limits.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 3, shall extend south from the center line of
Clark street to the south City limits, and west from the center line of fifth
street to the west city limits.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 4, shall extend east from the center line of
fifth street to the East City limits.

Las Vegas Precinct No. 5, shall extend north from the center line of
Ogden street to the north City limits, and west from the center line of fifth
street to the west City limits.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to have the official ballots prepared and to do
and perform all such acts and give such notices as may be necessary or required of him in
order that the said election may be called and held and the qualified voters may have due
notice thereof as required by the laws of the State of Nevada governing and as required by
the provisions of the city charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and this Resolution.
Voting on said Resolution: Commissioners, Mundy, Smith, Elwell, and Mayor Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.

This being the time set by law for the preparation and adoption of a Budget for the
year 1927, the Board thereupon proceeded to take up the budget and tax levy for the year
1927, in accordance with the provisions of the State of Nevada, and the matter being discus-
sed at length it was ordered, upon motion being duly made by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by
Commissioner Elwell, that the following Budget be adopted. Voting on said motion Commission-
ers Mundy, Elwell and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1927

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year
Ending December 31, 1927, as provided by Section 8, Chapter

42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.
Thereupon the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commis-
sioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Elwell:

BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor
and attested by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the City Clerk and a copy thereof
published in a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one
week apart. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Elwell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of
Las Vegas for the year 1927. Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith,
and unanimously carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.019 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds if the mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Police and Fire Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.159 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds on the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.22 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street and Alleys Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.145 on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Light Fund.

BE	IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that an ad valorem tax of $.06 on each one hundred dollars worth

of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Cemetery Fund.

BE	IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.075 on each one hundred dollars worth

of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

BE	IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.089 on each one hundred dollars

worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Emergency Loan Fund.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.04 on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property, situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
Collected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer Bond Interest
Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.15 on each one hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, Col-
lected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.098 on each one hundred Dollars
worth of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be
levied, collected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway
Bond Interest Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.075 on each hundred dollars worth
of taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1927, including the net proceeds of the mines for the year 1927,
said tax to be known as and used as the Highway Bond Redemption Fund.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered on motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this Board adjourn until the 11th day of March, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock p. m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. MARCH 11,1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of March, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present: Hon. J.F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W.B. Mundy and O.J. Smith, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk. Commissioners C.J. Hammond and W.H. Elwell being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Thereupon the Board entered into discussion on the subject of issuing Highway Bonds
in the amount of Two Thousand ($2,000.00) Dollars.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the money collected

from licenses in the amount of $571.00 be apportioned to the Salary Fund, and that the money

collected from fines in the amount of $125.00 be apportioned to the General Fund; and the Clerk

was ordered to so inform the City Treasurer.

Thereupon, after due consideration, it was ordered on motion duly made, seconded and

carried that the City Clerk instruct the City Treasurer to make a payment of Eight Hundred

first

($800.00) Dollars and the accrued interest on the note held by the First State Bank as an emer-
gency loan to the City of Las Vegas; the Payment of $800.00 on the principal to be drawn from
the Emergency Loan Fund, and the Interest payment to be drawn from the General Fund.

At his time the question of the issuance of an additional Two Thousand Dollars
($2000.00.) worth of Las Vegas City Highway bonds to meet the cost of the maintenance and
repair of Main Street from the corner of Main and Fremont Streets to the northeast city limits
and of Fifth Street from the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the southwest city limits,
a distance of approximately three miles, which highway was heretofore constructed in connection
with Federal Aid to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada,

came on for discussion, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that by an Act of

the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for the year 1923, the City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas have authority to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) for the construction, maintenance, and repair of a highway through the City of Las
Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System under an Act of the Legislature of
the State of Nevada in convention assembled, entitled "An Act Authorizing the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the con-
struction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State
Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special or

general election before the issuance of any such bonds," approved March 5, 1923, and

It further appearing to the Board that Forty-four Thousand ($44,000) Dollars worth
of said authorized issue of bonds have been sold for the purposes above mentioned, and it also
appearing that the further sum of Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00) is required for additional work
in connection with the maintenance and repair of Main Street, commencing at the corner of Main
and Fremont Streets, thence to the northeast city limits, and of Fifth Street, commencing at the
corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets, thence to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximat-
ely three miles; and it further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the amount of
money now remaining in the State Highway Fund of the City of Las Vegas is insufficient to meet
the cost of the maintenance and repair contemplated,

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and
the question being put to a vote, the following Preambles and Resolution were regularly and duly
adopted by the unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74 of the laws
of the State of Nevada, 1923, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada, en-
titled "An Act Authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas
to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing
for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any such
bonds," Approved March 5, 1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its bonds in a
sum not exceeding $50,000 for the purpose of constructing a highway through the City of Las
Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the
requirements of Secs. 2,3,4 and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of
Nevada, the question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas to the amount
of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) was submitted to the qualified electors of the City
of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a general election held in said City
of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, on the 8th day of May, 1923, of which
election notice having first been duly given strictly as provided by law, and at which elec-
tion more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and
the result of the vote upon said question of the issuance of said bonds having been duly
certified to this board by the election boards conducting said election, and the result of
the vote on said question of the issuance of said bonds having been by this Board at a meet-
ing duly and regularly held on the 16th day of May, 1923, declared in the manner and form and
at the same time as other returns of said general City election were canvassed and proclaimed;
and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las
Vegas have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00); and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thou-
sand Dollars ($50,000.00) of said highway bonds has been authorized by said act of the legis-
lature of the State of Nevada, and such issuance ratified by the vote of the qualified electors
the City of Las Vegas at a general election in said City, held as aforesaid; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable
for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Ve-
gas Highway bonds in the sum of Two Thousand Dollars (2,000.00) of said authorized issue of
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) of said bonds and that the same be sold at private sale,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that pursuant to and in compliance with the pro-
visions and authority of said above-mentioned Act, and the ratification thereof at said gen-
eral City Election as aforesaid, it be and it is hereby ordered that prior to the 1st day of
April, 1927, bonds of said City of Las Vegas in an aggregate amount of not to exceed Two
Thousand Dollars ($2,000.00), exclusive of interest, being a part of said issue of author-
ized $50,000.00 of Las Vegas Highway bonds for the purpose of providing funds for the con-
struction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State
Highway System of the State of Nevada, be prepared and ready for issuance; that said bonds
as so prepared shall each be in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000), numbered Forty-
five (45) to Forty-six (46) consecutively, being two bonds, numbered respectively 45 and 46,
and shall bear annual interest at the rate of six per centum ( 6%) per annum from the date thereof
payable semi-annually on the 1st day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, payable
at the office of the City Treasurer of said City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas,

in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada; that said Bonds shall be designated


"Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1928 Series) and shall be dated January 1, 1927, and that said bonds

shall be negotiable coupon bonds and shall mature and become due and payable as follows:

Bonds forty-five (45) and forty-gig (46) to become due and payable on the first day

of July, 1946.

The payment and redemption of said bonds shall be in the order of their issuance, the
lowest numbered bond being first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said bonds shall
have been paid and redeemed.
Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest instal-
ment to date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall

be payable in gold coin of the United States of America, at present standard of weight and

fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las

Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada. Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same

mature.

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that said bonds and coupons, with the necessary variations,
shall be substantially in the following form, respectively, to-wit:

(FORM OF BOND)

"No.-----	UNITED STATES OF AMERICA	$1000.00

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS.

(1927 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal cor-
poration duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges
itself to be indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay the bearer on the ____

day of _______________, 19___, the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with

interest thereon from date there of until paid, at the rate of six percent (6%) per annum,
payable semi-annually on the first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, which
interest to the date of maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon present-
ation and surrender of the annexed interest coupons as they severally become due. Interest
on this bond shall cease on the date the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and
interest on this bond are payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present
standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the principal and
interest of these bonds as they respectively become due, the full faith, credit and resour-
ces of said City and hereby irrevocably pledged.	

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities
issued for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with
Route 6 of the StateHighway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which
more than a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds,
and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized
by and issued in fully conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and laws of the
State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the Session laws of said State for the year 1923, and
all acts of the legislature amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required
by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed pre-
cedent to and in the issuance of this bond have existed, happened and have been performed in
regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond to-
gether with all other indebtedness of said City does not exceed any constitutional or statutory
limitations.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this
bond to be signed by the Mayor of the City, countersigned by the City Treasurer and authen-
ticated by the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated
with the lithographed facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond
to be dated the 1st day of January 1927.
"No.	(FORM OF COUPON)

$30.00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of January), 19_____ the City of Las Vegas,

in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars in Gold Coin
of the United States of America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the of-
fice of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada., being the semi-annual in-
terest then due on its Highway bond, dated January 1, 1927, Series 1927.

(FOLLOWING TO APPEAR ON. BACK OF BOND:)
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
NO.__________________



LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BOND (SERIES 1928)
$1,000.00
Per (6%) Cent
Semi-Annually
January 2nd and July 1st.
Prepared and issued by Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada.

AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that the sale of said Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00)
of bonds shall be at private sale, as is provided in the above mentioned and entitled act, it
appearing to the Board that it is for the best interests of the said City of Las Vegas that
the sale of said Bonds be at private sale, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: that the City Clerk be and he is hereby directed to give



 notice of said proposed sale of Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00) of bonds to the First State
Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc., Bank of Southern Nevada, Inc., and to the State Board of Fin-
ance of the State of Nevada, at Carson City, Nevada, and ascertain what they will offer for
said bonds.

Said Resolution was passed by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith



and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes, none.

THEREAFTER, It was ordered that the Clerk have the above Bonds printed.

No further business appearing it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that this board adjourn until March 14,1927, at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. MARCH 14, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of March, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. H. El-
well being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The following resolution was introduced and passed over until the next regular
meeting on the 7th of April, 1927, at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M., and the Clerk was directed
to cause to be published a notice of intention to act on said resolution, in a newspaper of
general circulation for at least two publications 1 week apart, as by law provided. The fol-
lowing resolution being introduced by Commissioner W. B. Mundy:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City Budget adopted in the year 1926 to provide funds for the con-
duct of the various departments of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1927 was based upon an

estimated assessed valuation of $2,982,000, and

WHEREAS, the valuation for taxation as finally fixed by the tax officers for the
year 1926 was only $2,682,003, and instead of raising by taxation the necessary funds, as
aforesaid, the actual amount of taxes reiaws fell far below the estimate of $25,300.00, re-
quired to be raised by taxation, viz: a deficit of $4,651.76, and

WHEREAS, the amounts received from licenses and fines fell $2,355.50 below the
estimate in said budget therefore, and

WHEREAS, there are not sufficient moneys in the various funds of the City to
permit of the conduct of various departments until the next tax paying period in June, 1927
and there is necessary to be raised therefore in the various funds the following:

General Fund $1,800.00; Police and Fire Fund $2,100.00; Street Department Fund $600.00,
aggregating a total of $4,500.00, and a great emergency exists for the securing of such funds,
and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow
the sum of $4500.00 for a period of two and one-half years by the issuance of the negotiable
note or notes of said City, bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent
annum, redeemable as by law provided out of an emergency tax fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said City
of Las Vegas do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk to borrow, for the pur-
poses aforesaid, the sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed
two and one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or
notes of said City in the aggregate of said sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars, the
same to bear interest at a rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, to be redeemable
at the option of this Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund,
to be known as "City of Las Vegas, Nevada Emergency Tax," to be levied by this Board at the
first tax levy following the Creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided.

THEREUPON, no further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made
seconded, and carried that this board adjourn until
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA. April 7,1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of April, 1927, at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J: Smith, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular and subsequent adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as per claim book on file in the office of the Clerk.

Thereupon, the Clerk opened the sealed bids of the First State Bank and the Bank of
Southern Nevada, and read the offers therein regarding the purchase of two One Thousand Dollar
Las Vegas Highway Bonds to the Board, as follows:

FIRST STATE BANK

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1927.

Mr. W. L. Scott, Clerk
City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

Referring to your notice of March 23rd, we bid for the
two $1000.00 City of Las Vegas Highway bonds bearing interest at
the rate of 6% per annum and maturing July 1, 1946, $2100.00 plus
accrued interest to date of delivery.

This bid is made subject to the bonds being issued in
due form and meeting with the approval of our attorney.

Yours very truly,

C.S. Wengert,

W/H	Cashier.

BANK OF SOUTHERN NEVADA
Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1927.

To the Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

We bid a premium of $99.45 for the two ONe Thousand
($1000.00) Dollar Highway Bonds, maturing on July 1, 1946, at
6% interest which you are offering at this time.

Very truly yours,

H.	D. Buzick,

Cashier,

Both the above bids were fully considered and upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Com-
missioner Smith it was ordered that the bonds should be sold to the highest bidder, the First State
Bank. Vote on above motion: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Aye. Noes,
None.

Thereupon, Dr. L. B. Sandall presented to the Board for action thereon, a plat of the
sub-division of Block "I", Park Place Addition to the City of Las Vegas, with certificate of W. L.
McFadden, surveyor, and the dedication of the alley as shown thereon, executed by the said L. B.
Sandall and Edith Sandall. On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy,
the following resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS, there has been presented for action by this board a plat of the sub-division
of Block I of the Park Place Addition to the City of Las Vegas, certified by W. L. McFadden, sur-
veyor, on the 7th day of April, 1927, and,

WHEREAS, the owners of said Block I, L. B. Sandall and Edith Sandall, have executed a
dedication to public use the alley shown thereon,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the said plat be and the same is hereby accepted
and approved, and the Mayor of said City is hereby authorized to approve said map and the City
Clerk to attest the same.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy and Hid Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, the applications for gaming licenses of the following men were presented
to the Board: A. T. McCarter, J. W. Horden, Stocker Bros., and G. Lopez.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was ordered
that licenses be issued to each of the above named applicants. Carried by unanimous vote.
It appearing to the Board that this is the time set by notice for action upon
the following resolution, heretofore adopted by this Board, relating to the borrowing of
Four Thousand Five Hundred ($4,500.00) Dollars, to be used for General City purposes, as
set forth in said Resolution and,

It further appearing to the Board that said resolution had been introduced at
a regularly adjourned meeting of the Board, held on the 14th day of March, A. D. 1927,
and that subsequent to such meeting, said resolution was published in the Las Vegas age,
a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada, for two
publications, one week apart, to-wit: March 19 and March 26, 1927, and,

It further appearing that fifteen days (15) has elapsed since the date of the
first publication,

It was thereupon moved by Commissioner Mundy, and seconded by Commissioner

Smith, that said resolution be and the same is hereby adopted, and,

It was further ordered that the Clerk of the Board be and he is hereby direct-
ed to forward a certified copy of said resolution together with a certified copy of the
transcript of the proceedings of said Board to the State Board of Finance at Carson City,
Nevada, for approval.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City Budget adopted in the year 1926 to provide funds for the con-
duct of the various departments of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1927 was based upon
an estimated assessed valuation of $2,982,000, and

WHEREAS, the valuation for taxation as finally fixed by the tax officers for the
year 1926 was only $2,682,003, and instead of raising by taxation the necessary funds, as
aforesaid, the actual amount of taxes raised fell far below the estimate of $25,300.00, re-
quired to be raised by taxation, viz: a deficit of $4,651.76, and

WHEREAS, the amounts received from licenses and fines fell $2,355.50 below the
estimate in said budget therefore, and

WHEREAS, there are not sufficient moneys in the various funds of the City to
permit of the conduct of various departments until the next tax paying period in June,

1927, and there is necessary to be raised therefore in the various funds the following:
General Fund $1,800.00: Police and Fire Fund $2,100.00: Street Department Fund $600.00,
aggregating a total of $4,500.00, and a great emergency exists for the securing of such
funds, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to bor-
row the sum of $4500.00 for a period of two and one-half years by the issuance of the neg-
otiable note or notes of said City, bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed eight
per cent per annum, redeemable as by law provided out of an emergency tax fund,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of said City
Of Las Vegas do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk to borrow, for the
purposes aforesaid, the sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars for a period of not to
exceed two and one-half years, and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory
notes of said City in the aggregate of said sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars,
the same to bear interest at a rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, to be re-
deemable at the option of this Board at any time when money is available in the Emergency
Tax Fund, to be known as "City of Las Vegas, Nevada Emergency Tas," to be levied by this
Board at the first tax levy following the Creation of such indebtedness, as by law provided.

The vote upon said resolution was as follows:

Commissioner Mundy:	:	Aye.

Commissioner Smith:	Aye.

His Honor, the Mayor	Hesse: Aye.

Noes:	None
Thereupon, no further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that this board adjourn until April 8th, 1927, at the hour of three p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 8, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of April, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p.m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



Upon motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner O. J. Smith, it was unanimously

RESOLVED, that O. J. Smith, Commissioner of Streets and Public Places be and he is hereby
authorized and empowered to take such steps as may be necessary in conjunction with the County
of Clark to remove the fence from around the agricultural park, including the right to provide
for the sale and disposal, as well as the removal therefrom, of said fence.

Thereupon, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that, from the moneys
collected by the the Municipal Judge and the City Clerk during the month of March, there be 
apportioned to the Street Light Fund the sum of Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars, and to the General
Fund the sum of Four Hundred Thirty Five ($435.00) Dollars; and that the Clerk be directed to
notify the City Treasurer of this order.

No further business appearing this board adjourned to April 11,1927, at the hour of 3 p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 11, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of April, 1927, at the hour of three p. m. Present:
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

No business appearing at this time the meeting was ordered adjourned to April 12, 1927, at
the hour of three o'clock p. m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, April 12, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of April, A. D. 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p. m. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and C. J. Ham-
mond, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. H.
Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hammond, the following preambles
and resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, a petition for a sidewalk improvement construction on the East side of South Fourth
Street has been filed with this Board, and

WHEREAS, an estimate of the cost, in writing, of said proposed sidewalk improvement, together
with a plat showing the plan of said proposed improvement; have been filed in the office of the
City Clerk.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a notice of said proposed improvement, in accordance
with the Charter, be given by the City Clerk by publication and posting, and that the time for
the hearing of any suggestions and for objections by parties in interest to the proposed improvements
be fixed at the Commissioners' Room in the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on
Saturday the 30th day of April, 1927, at three o'clock p. m. at which time this board shall
meet and consider such suggestions and /or objections, and act on said proposed improvement.

There being no further business before the meeting the same was adjourned until April 21st,
1927, at 3 o'clock p. m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 21, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: His Honor the Mayor. J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, C. J. Hammond, O. J.
Smith and W. H. Elwell, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Nona.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Thereupon, the following resolution was presented by Commissioner Hammond:

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners at its meeting on the 5th day of August, 1926, made
its order approving the Plat of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas, and as a part of said
proceedings further ordered that, that portion of the prolongation of Main Street, commencing at
286 feet south of the southwest corner of Main and Garces Streets, to the common corner of Sec-
tions 3 and 4 of Township 21 South, Range 61 East, Mount Diable Base and Meridian, be vacated,
to take effect upon the construction of the street as outlined on said plat, along Main Street
as designated on said Plat, which proceedings are recorded in Vol. 2 of the Minutes, at Page
228; and

WHEREAS, said further order was not and is not for the benefit or best interests of the
public and the City of Las Vegas;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that said further order relating to the vacation of said portion
of Main Street be, and the same is hereby rescinded, vacated and annulled;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said order relating to the approval of said Plat be, and the
same is hereby ratified and confirmed.

Commissioner Hammond then moved for the adoption of the above resolution, being seconded by
Commissioner Elwell.
At this time the following citizens of Las Vegas appeared before the Board: H. Blanding,

W. S, Rhoads, J. F. Miller, Joseph Smith, Cora C. Bray Jeshke, Mr. and Mrs. Heffner, and entered
into discussion with the Board in regard to the adoption of said resolution. Thereafter, it was
agreed between the above named citizens and the Board, that further action on said resolution
and motion be deferred until Tuesday, April 26th, 1927, at the hour of 3 p. m.

Thereupon, the claim of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company in the amount of $1070.44 for
installation of water mains and fire hydrants, and repairs to City water system was presented by
the Clerk and ordered paid, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this Board adjourn until April 26, 1927, at the hour of 3 p. m.

		OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

		CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, April 26, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 26th day of April, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: His Honor the. Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, C. J. Hammond and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board entered into full discussion of the proposed resolution presented at
the meeting of April 21st, 1827, with a number of citizens who were interested in said resolution
and it was agreed that action in connection with said resolution should be indefinitely postponed.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No._____, entitled "An Ordinance creating a City Planning Com-

mission, prescribing their powers and duties, and other matters relating thereto" was read for
the first time.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No.____, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the appointment

of a City Zoning Commission, prescribing the term of office of its members, providing for the



organization of said Commission, prescribing the duties of such Zoning Commission, and other
matters relating thereto" was read for the first time.

No further business appearing it was ordered that this Board adjourn until the 30th of April,
1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 30, 1927.



At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of April, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and W. E. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for hearing of suggestions and protests in connection with the pro-
posed sidewalk improvement on the East side of South Fourth Street, the Board proceeded to listen
to any suggestions or protests which might have been filed. There being no suggestions or protests
previously filed and nobody appearing to make suggestion or protest it was ordered that proposed
Ordinance No. 122 entitled " An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, providing for the Improvement
of Fourth Street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in front of Blocks Nos. 39 and 40
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment thereof by special assessment." was
read for the first time.

No further business appearing the Board adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 5, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m. Present:

His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk, Absent: COMMISSIONERS C. J. Hammond and W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular and subsequent adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown in Claim and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City officers were presented, read, approved and placed on file in the office of
the Clerk.

At this time the Claim of the Nevada Oil Company was ordered returned for itemization of
the account and approval by the Street Superintendent. The claims of Callihan & Turner were or-
dered returned for approval of the Street Superintendent.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No. 122, entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, pro-
viding for the Improvement of Fourth Street by constructing cement and concrete sidewalk in
front of Blocks Nos. 39 and 40 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and providing for the payment
thereof by special assessment"; was read the second time, and passed upon motion of Commissioner
Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and unanimously carried. It was then ordered that this
ordinance be published in the Las Vegas Review for the period of one week.

Thereupon, proposed Ordinance No. 123, entitled "an Ordinance creating a City Planning Com-
mission, prescribing their powers and duties, and other matters relating thereto" was read for
the second time, and passed upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith,
and unanimously carried. It was then ordered that this ordinance be published for the period
of one week in the Las Vegas Age.

Thereupon the following preambles and resolution were duly adopted upon motion of commis-
sioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, at a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 14th day of March, 1927, a resolution was regularly introduced as fol-
lows:

"RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City Budget adopted in the year 1926 to provide funds for the conduct of the
various departments of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1927 was based upon an estimated as-
sessed valuation of $2,982,00, and

WHEREAS, the valuation for taxation as finally fixed by the tax officers for the year 1926
was only $2,682,003, and instead of raising by taxation the necessary funds, as aforesaid, the
actual amount of taxes raised fell far below the estimate of $25,300.00, required to be raised
by taxation, viz: a deficit of $4,651.76, and

WHEREAS, the amount received from licenses and fines fell $2,355.50 below the estimate in
said budget therefor, and

WHEREAS, there are not sufficient moneys in the various funds of the City to permit of the
conduct of various departments until the next tax paying period in June, 1927, and there is nec-
essary to be raised therefor in the various funds the following: General Fund $1,800.00; Police
and Fire Fund $2,100.00; Street Department Fund $600.00, aggregating a total of $4,500.00, and
a great emergency exists for the securing of such funds, and

WHEREAS, for the purposes aforesaid it will be necessary for said City to borrow the sum of
$4500.00 for a period of two and one-half years by the issuance of the negotiable note or notes
of said City, bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed eight per cent per annum, redeemable
as by law provided out of an emergency tax fund,
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of City Commissioners of Said City of Las Vegas
do hereby authorize and empower the Mayor and City Clerk to borrow, for the purposes aforesaid, the
sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars for a period of not to exceed two and one-half years,
and to issue as evidence thereof the negotiable promissory note or notes of said City in the ag-
gregate of said Sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred Dollars the same to bear interest at a rate of
not to exceed eight per cent per annum, to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time
when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be known as "City of Las Vegas, Nevada Emer-
gency Tax," to be levied by this Board at the First tax levy following the Creation of such indeb-
tedness, as by law provided." And

WHEREAS, subsequent to the introduction of said Resolution said Resolution was published in
the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
for two publications, one week apart, to-wit: March 19th and March 26, 1927; together with not-
ice of intention of said Board of City Commissioners to act upon said Resolution in form and sub-
stance as required by law, and

WHEREAS, said Resolution was duly adopted at a regular meeting of said Board of City Commis-
sioners held on the 7th day of April, 1927, and more then fifteen days after the first publicat-
ion of said notice and resolution as aforesaid, and

WHEREAS, said Resolution was thereafter transmitted by certified copy thereof to the State
Board of Finance of the State of Nevada, and thereafter on the 21st day of April, 1927, the said
State Board of Finance duly approved said Resolution, and the Resolution of said State Board of
Finance, approving same is hereby recorded in the minutes of said Board of City Commissioners,
said Resolution of said State Board of Finance being in words and figures as follows, to-wit:

"STATE BOARD OF FINANCE

Meeting Held......April 21, 1927

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING............................................

TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board of Finance, duly
called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of that certain Act of the Leg-
islature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, Towns,
School Districts and Other Governmental Agencies," approved March 22, 1917, as amended 1919,
that a great necessity or emergency has arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that necessity now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan by
and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners for the purpose of meeting such emergency as
expressed in and shown by the preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
Board of City Commissioners duly called and held on the 7th day of April, 1927, authorizing a
temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said resolution, a duly certified copy of which is
now on file and of record in the office of the State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said emergency resolution
was duly published according to law; therefore, be it

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of said Board of City
Commissioners State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of Four Thousand Five Hundred ($4,
500.00) Dollars as in said resolution set forth and authorized, be and the same is hereby 
approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted by the Secretary of
the State Board of Finance to said Board of City Commissioners in order that the same may be re-
corded in the minutes of the meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, as provided by law.

I,	TRUE VENCILL, Certify that I am the duly authorized and acting Secretary of the State
Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true, and correct copy of a resolution duly
adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at a meeting held on the 21st day of
April, 1927.

Dated this 21st day of April, 1927.

True Vencill_______________

Secretary of the State Board of

Finance.

and

WHEREAS, First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated, has offered to loan said City
the sum of Two Thousand ($2,000.00) Dollars for the period of two and one-half years, with inter-
est from date of loan to maturity and until paid at the rate of six per cent per annum payable
semi-annually, and

WHEREAS, Bank of Southern Nevada, Incorporated, has offered to loan said City the sum of
Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars for the period of two and one-half years, with in-
terest from data of loan to maturity and until paid at the rate of six per cent per annum, pay-
able semi-annually,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk, in pursuance of said Resolu-
tion, adopted by this Board and approved said State Board of Finance, as aforesaid, be and they
are hereby authorized and directed to borrow for the purpose set forth in said Resolution from
First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, the sum of Two Thousand Dollars, for a period of two years
and one-half from date of such loan, and execute and deliver on behalf of said City of Las Vegas
its promissory note in said sum of Two thousand Dollars, to be payable to said First State Bank
of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated on or before two and one-half years from the date thereof,
and to bear interest at the rate of six percent per annum, payable semi-annually, to be redeemable
at the option of this board at any time when money is available in the Emergency Tax Fund, to be
known as the "City of Las Vegas, Nevada Emergency Tax," to be levied by this City at the first tax
levy following the creation of such indebtedness; and that said Mayor and City Clerk be and they
are hereby authorized and directed to borrow for the purposes set forth in said Resolution from
Bank of Southern Nevada, Incorporated, the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($2,500.00)
for a period of two and one-half years from the date of such loan, and execute and deliver on behalf
of said City of Las Vegas its promissory note in said sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Dollars,
to be payable to said Bank of Southern Nevada, Incorporated, on or before two and one-half years
from the date thereof, and to bear interest at the rate of six per cent per annum payable semi-
annually, to be redeemable at the option of this Board at any time when money is available in the
Emergency Fund, to be known as the "City of Las Vegas, Nevada Emergency Tax," to be levied by this
City at the first tax levy following the creation of such indebtedness.

The vote on the foregoing Resolution was as follows:	Commissioner Mundy, Smith, and

his Honor the Mayor Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business before the meeting the same was adjourned until May 6, 1927,

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 6, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6 day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith,
together with the City attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.
Thereupon, the following motion was presented by Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commis-
sioner Mundy, and unanimously carried;

RESOLVED, that the Clerk give notice inviting bids on sidewalk construction on Eastside
of Fourth Street in the following form:

NOTICE INVITING BIDS ON SIDEWALK CONSTRUCTION

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will receive bids until three
o'clock P. M. on the 17th day of May, 1927, for the furnishing of all material and labor neces-
sary for the building of a cement concrete sidewalk upon certain portions of the East side of

Fourth Street in said City, according to the plans and specifications now on file with the Clerk

of said Board. Each bid must be accompanied by a certified check in an amount equal to ten per
cent. of the amount bid, payable to the Clerk of said Board. Said certified check to be ret-
urned to bidders whose bids are rejected and to be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas if the

maker of any bid whose bid is accepted, shall fail or refuse to enter into a contract in accordance

therewith within ten days after notice of acceptance.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For construction of sidewalk on
Fourth Street," and addressed to the City Clerk. Bids will be opened by the Board of City Com-
missioners on the 17th day of May, 1927 at three o'clock P. M.

The contract to be let to the lowest responsible bidder, but the Board reserves the right
to reject any and all bids.

The contract as let to be in such form and upon such conditions as said Board may prescribe.
The contractor whose bid is accepted shall furnish a good and sufficient bond in the sum of Fifty
per cent. of the amount of the contract price immediately upon the signing of the contract. The
sufficiency and form of said bond to be subject to the approval of the Board.

General Conditions of the Contract, and Form of bond are on file in the office of Said City
Clerk.

WITNESS my hand and the seal of said City this 9th day of May, 1927.	

		WM. L. SCOTT

(SEAL)	City Clerk

That such notice be published by one insertion in Las Vegas Review May 10th, 1927, setting
time for opening bids on Tuesday the 17th day of May 1927, at 3 o'clock P. M.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, it was ordered and
upon motion duly made that the meeting adjourn until Tuesday , May 10th, 1927 at 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 10, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 10th day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

Present: His honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. H, Elwell, and

O.	J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent C. J. Hammond.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Board proceeded at this time to make a canvass of the vote cast at the general city
election held on the 3rd day of May, 1927, and such canvass resulted as follows:
Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that J. F. Hesse has received a majority of all votes
cast for the office of Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, be it THEREFORE RESOLVED, on motion of
Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, that the said J. F. Hesse be
and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected Mayor of the City of Las Vegas for the ensu- 
four years, and be it further RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he is hereby directed to issue
a certificate of election to the said J. F. Hesse. Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners

O.	J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board that O. J. Smith has received the majority of all votes case
for the office of Commissioner of the First Class of the City of Las Vegas, be it THEREFORE
RESOLVED on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner W. C. German, that the said
O.	J. Smith be and he is hereby declared to the duly elected Commissioner of the First Class of
the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and be it further RESOLVED that the city clerk
be and he is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said O. J. Smith. Voting
on said Resolution; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor

J.	F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that W. B. Mundy has received the highest number

of votes cast for the office of Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas, BE IT

RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. C. German, that the

said W. B. Mundy, be and he is hereby declared elected to the office of the Commissioner of the

Second Class of the City of Las Vegas, and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he

is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said W. B. Mundy. Voting on said
Resolution; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, Roy Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that W. C. German has received the highest number
of votes cast for the office of Commissioner of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, BE IT
RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, that the
said W. C. German, be and he is hereby declared elected to the office of the Commissioner of the
Third Class of the City of Las Vegas, and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he
is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said W. C. German. Voting on said
Resolution: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that Roy Neagle has received the highest number
of votes cast for the office of Commissioner of the Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, BE IT
RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner W. C. German, that the
said Roy Neagle, be and he is hereby declared elected to the office of the Commissioner of the
Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas, and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he
is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said Roy Neagle. Voting on said
Resolution: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon O. J. Smith, Commissioner of Streets, submitted to the Board an itemized state-
ment of moneys expended out of the general Street Fund in the maintenance of the Federal Aid
paved highway on Main and Fifth street in said City during the month of March, 1927, as follows:

Respectfully submitted

J. P. King

City Street Sup't. L.K.

which report was signed by J. P. King, City Street Superintendent, and said Commissioner re-
quested that the General Street Fund be reimbursed from the Highway Bond Fund for Said ex-
penditures.

THEREUPON, on motion of W. B. Mundy and seconded by O. J. Smith it was RESOLVED THAT
the sum of $1534.88, moneys advanced by the General Street Fund on behalf of the Federal Aid
Paved Highway, be transferred by the City Treasurer from the Highway Bond Fund to the Gen-
eral Street Fund and that a copy of this Resolution , certified by the City Clerk, be de-
livered to the City Treasurer, as his authority for such transfer. Vote on the said Res-
olution was as follows; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, Elwell, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith and seconded by Commissioner W. B.
Mundy, it was RESOLVED THAT the Bonds for the Mayor and Commissioners elect be secured
from Surety Companies qualified to do business in the State of Nevada, and that the premium
thereon be paid by the City.

Thereupon, there being no further business to come before the Board it was
ordered, upon motion duly made and carried, that the Board adjourn until the 17th day of
May, 1927, at the hour of Three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 17, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.

Present? His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, with Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith,

together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Chas. J. Hammond and Elwell.



Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. B. Mundy, and

unanimously carried, it was ordered that the following Permit be issued; W. S. Park, having pre-
viously made application:

PERMIT TO W. S. PARK.

WHEREAS, W. S. PARK, of Las Vegas, Nevada, has heretofore applied
to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, for a permit to construct and maintain a
permanent awning, extending from the west wall of the buildings on the
front One Hundred Ten feet of lot number one in block number nineteen
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, to the west beyond the lot line of
said lot number one in block number nineteen, a distance of twelve
feet, to be supported by concrete pillars from the roof thereof and
resting on the sidewalk in accordance with the plan attached hereto-
marked "Exhibit A" and made a part hereof, and

WHEREAS, AT a meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City
of Las Vegas, held oh the 17th day of May, 1927, permission to
erect and maintain such permanent awning was by a Resolution, duly
adopted by said Board at said meeting, given to the said W. A. Park,
and the Mayor and City Clerk were authorized to execute and deliver
such Permit to the said W. S. Park,

NOW THEREFORE, the City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its
Mayor and City Clerk, authorized as aforesaid, does hereby give and
grant to the said W. S. Park permission to erect and maintain such
permanent awning, subject however, to the following special conditions:

1.	That the said awning shall be built wholly of fireproof
material.

2.	That the same shall at all time be kept in proper condition
and repair by and at the expense of said W. Park.

3.	That the said W. S. Park, his executors and administrators,
will at all times save the City of Las Vegas free and harmless from
all damages, costs, expense, and attorneys fees arising by reason

of injury to persons or property by or on account of the erection or
maintenance of said permanent awning, encroachment on or obstruction to
the street or sidewalk.

4.	The granting of this permit shall not act as an estoppel
against said City; and said City specifically retains the right to
compel the change, alteration or removal of the said permanent awning
at any time when, in the discretion of the governing board of said

City it shall be to the best interests of said City and its inhabitants
to have the same changed, altered or removed, as the case may be;
and permittee, said W. S. Park, shall not be entitled to recover com-
pensation from said City by reason of any change, alteration or
removal which shall be so compelled by said City, as aforesaid,

5.	The provisions of this Permit shall extend to the successors

and assigns of said City, and to the heirs, executors, administrators
and assigns of said Permittee, W. S. Park.	

6.	The terms and conditions of this Permit are accepted by
said Permittee.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said City of Las Vegas, acting by and
through its Mayor and City Clerk, thereunto duly authorized has
hereunto set its corporate name and seal, and the said permittee,
W. S. Park, has hereunto set his signature, in duplicate this
17th day of May_____________, 1927.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner O. J. Smith,
the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it is specified and agreed in paragraph numbered 1, of that
certain agreement dated February 16, 1927, between Las Vegas Land and Water
Company, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of
the State of Nevada, party of the first part therein and the City of Las Vegas,
the party of the second part therein, to the effect that if A. L. Richmond
shall within ninety days from February 9th, 1927, fail, neglect or refuse to
deliver to the said Las Vegas Land and Water Company, the bonds specified and
referred to in subdivision (c) of paragraph II of the agreement dated February
9, 1927, between Las Vegas Land and Water Company, party of the first part
therein and A. L. Richmond of Los Angeles, California, party of the second part
(a copy of which agreement is attached to the said agreement hereinabove first
mentioned, and is marked Exhibit "C" and made a part thereof) then and in that
event the said Las Vegas Land and Water Company would upon the request of said
City, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners reconvey the public
park or agricultural fair grounds mentioned in said agreements, and the whole
thereof, to the City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

AND WHEREAS, said A. L. Richmond has procured from said Las Vegas
Land and Water Company an extension of ninety days additional time within which
to deliver said bonds, which extension was granted upon condition that the City
of Las Vegas would agree to an amendment to said paragraph numbered 1., changing
the word "ninety" to read "One hundred ninety" wherever the same appears in
said paragraph numbered 1.;

AND WHEREAS, said Las Vegas Land and Water Company has requested
the City to agree to such an amendment, which said City is willing to do, it
appearing to the Board that such is for the best interests of said City;

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved, That the City of Las Vegas make and
enter into an agreement with Las Vegas Land and Water Company, amending paragraph
numbered 1. of that certain agreement dated February 16, 1927, between Las Vegas
Land and Water Company, as party of the first part therein and the City of
Las Vegas, a municipal corporation of the State of Nevada, as party of the second
part therein, so that the same shall read as follows to wit;

"1. That if the said A. L. Richmond shall within one hundred ninety days from
the date of the execution of said agreement, "Exhibit "C", namely, within one hundred
ninety days from February 9, 1927, fail, neglect or refuse to deliver to the said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company the said indemnity bonds in the penal sum of Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) each, as provided for in said agreement, "Exhibit
C", and said deed or reconveyance shall have passed to the said Las Vegas Land
& Water Company from said City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark to the public
park mentioned in said Resolutions, Exhibits "A" and "B", then and in that event
the party of the first part herein shall, upon the request of said City of
Las Vegas, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners, re-convey said
Public Park and the whole thereof to said City of Las Vegas, in trust for public
park purposes."

Provided, however, that such agreement, so to be entered into, shall provide that
the City shall have to and including October 9, 1927, within which to remove
from said public park the improvements reserved in the deed from said City, re-
conveying to said company the said Public Park.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT such contract so to be entered into be
executed on behalf of this City by and under the hand of the Mayor of said City
of Las Vegas and attested by City Clerk thereof, under the seal of said City.

The vote upon said Resolution was as follows:

Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting
aye; Noes, none.



Thereafter, it appearing to the Board that this the time for opening of sealed bids on

construction of sidewalk on south Fourth Street, the Clerk was ordered to open all bids

received by him previous to this time, the following bids being presented to the Board:

Callihan & Turner	19 cents per square foot

C. A. Bryant	21	"	"	"	"

Alex Lallemand	21	"	"	"	"
Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was unan-
imously

RESOLVED, that the bid of Callihan & Turner, being the lowest received, and it appearing
that said Callihan & Turner have complied with all the requirements imposed on bidders, be ac-
cepted, and the City Clerk directed to inform said Callihan & Turner of the action of this Board,

and to return the deposits of the other bidders.



Thereupon, Mr. F. S. Pennington appeared before the Board and requested the City to buy 10
flags and sockets from the American Legion, stating that with the sale of the 10 flags mentioned
it would be possible to make a uniform decoration on Fremont Street, with no gaps between flags.

It was thereupon resolved upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and
unanimously carried that the City purchase 10 flags from the American Legion, out of the Publicity Fund

Mr. Pennington then requested the Board to grant the American Legion permission to erect a
flag pole, with a concrete base, at the intersection of Fifth and Fremont Streets, but after due
consideration this matter was laid over for final decision.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the claim of the Dow Chem-
ical Co., in the amount of $1016.00 be paid amd a warrant drawn on the Treasurer for the same.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys collected by the
City Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of April, 1927, be apportioned as follows:

$1000.00 to the Police and Fire Fund, and $1009.50 to the General Fund; and that the Clerk
notify the City Treasurer of this action. Further ordered that the Clerk direct the Treasurer to
apportion the moneys obtained through the emergency loan, negotiated May 16th, 1927, in accor-
dance with the terms set forth in the resolution authorizing said loan, as follows:

$1800.00 to General Fund, $2100.00 to Police and Fire Fund and $600.00 to Street Fund.

No further business appearing, the meeting adjourned until Saturday, the 21st of May, 1927,
at the hour of three o'clock P. M., on motion duly made.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
IAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 21, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of May, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock p. m. Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and
 W. H. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time His Honor the Mayor announced the appointment of the following named
persons as members of the City Planning Commission, to-wit: Dr. W. S. Park, R. B. Griffith,

W. J. Rhoads, W. E. Ferron, Mrs. Leigh Hint, and Mrs. C. D. Breeze; the seventh member to be
appointed at a later date.

Thereupon, A. S. Henderson, Esq., appeared before the Board and asked the Board to
pass an Ordinance amending Ordinance No. 119, whereby the Clark County Gas Company would be
granted an extension of time in which to file a plat of proposed mains, the location thereof,
and to start the work of installation, etc. Whereupon, proposed Ordinance No. 124, entitled
"An ordinance to amend Sections seven (7) and eight (8) of Ordinance No. 119 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled 'an Ordinance authorizing C. O. Lauritzen and George P. Peabody, and their
assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and
all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in,
through, over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of
the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the inhabitants of
said city for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes, and establishing regu-
lations and conditions in connection therewith'", was read for first time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was ordered
that the City Assessor levy special assessment in accordance with Ordinance No. 122, and that
the City Clerk notify him of this order. Commissioners Mundy and Smith, and His Honor, the
Mayor, Hesse, voting Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk called to the attention of the Board that the Oaths of Office
of Mayor J. F. Hesse and Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle elect have been filed,
and also the bond of each thereof had been filed and approved by the Chairman of the County
Commissioners of this County. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commis-
sioner Mundy, it was resolved that it is found by this Board that Mayor J. F. Hesse and Com-
missioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle elect, had duly qualified for their respective of-
fices in accordance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Thereupon, no further business appearing the meeting adjourned until May 23rd, 1927,
at the hour Of three o'clock p. m., upon motion duly made.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 23, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 23rd day of May, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor* Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners W. H. Elwell and C. J. Hammond.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the assessment roll as prepared by the City
Assessor for the sidewalk improvement on the east side of South Fourth Street, authorized by
Ordinance No. 122; and, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and duly
carried it was ordered that the Clerk publish the notice of assessment for a period of two weeks
in the following form:

Notice of Special Assessment.

To Mrs. Julia Moore, George Allen, Mrs. Ed Von Tobel, Gus Lundholm,

Fred Lunholm, Gerald 0. Nelson, Allen O. Hyatt, C. J. Harvey and George
Zettler, and to all persons interested, take Notice:

That the roll of special assessment heretofore made by the assessor for
the purpose of defraying that part of the costs which the board decided
should be paid and borne by special assessment for the construction of a
cement concrete sidewalk on the East side of Fourth Street, in Blocks 39
and 40 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas, is now on
file at my office for public inspection. Notice is hereby given that the
Board of City Commissioners and the assessor of the City of Las Vegas will
meet in the Board of City Commissioners' room in this City on Tuesday, the
7th day of June, 1927. at the hour of three o'clock P. M. to review said as-
sessment, at which time and place opportunity will be given all persons in-
terested to be heard.

Dated this 23rd day of May, A. D., 1927.

Wm. L. Scott

City Clerk

That the time for hearing of objections to the assessment be fixed at three o'clock P. M. Tue-
sday, the 7th day of June, 1927.

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned upon motion duly made, until the
25th of May, 1927, at the hour of three p. m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 25, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 25th day of May, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. MUNDY and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners C. J. Hammond and
W. E. Elwell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The following members of the City Planning Commission being present, a general dis-
cussion of plans for future improvements of the City was had: Dr. W. S. Park, R. B. Griffith,
W. E. Ferron, W. J. Rhoads, and Mrs. C. D. Breeze.

Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the City purchase a book for the keeping
of minutes of the City Planning Commission, seconded by Mundy. Duly carried.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meet-
ing adjourn.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 2, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the second day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p.m.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith and W. H. Elwell,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: C. J. Hammond.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register filed in the
office of the Clerk.

Reports of City officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the

Clerk.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that all

the moneys collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge, to-wit: $559.00, be apportioned

to the Police and Fire Fund, and that the sum of $400.00 be transferred to the Salary Fund

from the General Fund.

	

Thereupon, proposed ordinance No. 124, entitled "an ordinance to amend section seven (7)
and eight (8) of ordinance No.  119 of the City of Las Vegas, etc." was read for the second
time, and upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and unanimously
carried, was duly adopted and ordered published for one week in the Las Vegas Review.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meet-
ing adjourn until June 3rd, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 3, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the third day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. H. Elwell, W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner C. J. Hammond.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following Preamble
and Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS, no adequate provision is made by ordinance to prohibit the interference with the

fire apparatus going to or returning from fires, and the Fire Department is and has been in the

past seriously interfered with by persons not allowing right of way to the Fire apparatus, by

following too closely the fire apparatus and crowding too close thereto at fires, all tending to

injury to persons and property, thereby creating an emergency for protection from such acts,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that an emergency exists by reason of the premises for the

passage of Ordinance No. 125 as an emergency ordinance.



BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said ordinance be passed and adopted on first reading as an
emergency ordinance, and that the same be published in the Las Vegas Age for one week, one issue.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and His Hon-
or the Mayor, Hesse voting Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon proposed ordinance No. 125, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 33 of Ordinance
No, 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating Travel and Traffic upon the
Public Streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,' and repealing all ordinances and parts of or-
dinances in conflict therewith," was read for the first time and passed in accordance with the

foregoing resolution. Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Elwell and his Honor the Mayor, Hesse voting
Aye. Noes, none.

Proposed Ordinance No.____, entitled "An Ordinance prohibiting the construction or alteration

of any building or structure within certain limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for in-
dustrial or commercial purposes, or both, without obtaining permission therefor from the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto, and providing

a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance", was then read for the first time and laid over for



a second reading.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until Monday, the 6th day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 6, 1927

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of June, 1927, at the hour of three 
o'clock p. m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk; Commissioner O. J. Smith being
absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the first meeting of the newly elected Board, the Mayor declared all of-
fices vacant and ordered the appointment of officers to fill said vacated offices as the first
order of business.

Thereupon, as first order of business the mayor announced the following appointments
: Roy Neagle, Police and Fire Commissioner; W. B. Mundy, Finance Commissioner; W. C.

German, Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner; Otis J. Smith, Street Commissioner.

The Board then took under consideration the appointment of a Mayor pro tem. On
motion of Commissioner W. C. German, seconded by Commissioner Roy Neagle and with the un-
animous vote of all present, Commissioner Mundy was appointed mayor pro tem.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, all appointive
offices were declared vacant, said motion being passed on the unanimous vote of all present.

Thereupon, an order was made, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commis-
sioner Neagle, appointing the following as members of the Las Vegas Public Library Board:

Mrs. Charles P. Squires, F. A. Stevens, and E. E. Smith, said motion being passed on the fol-
lowing vote: Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,

Aye. Noes, none.

An order was then made, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner
Neagle, appointing the following members of the Woodland Cemetery Board: Messdames Julia

P.	Mundy, C. M. McGovern and the remaining member to be appointed at a later date, said
motion being passed on the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of two one year term members of the County and City
Fair Ground Board was deferred until a later date.

Thereupon the Mayor announced the appointment of Forest R. Mildren, M.D. as City

Health Officer.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, it was
ordered that the salary of the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas be fixed at the sum of
One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars per month. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy,

Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the matter of the appointment of a city attorney coming on before the Board,
the Mayor suggested the name of F. A. Stevens, Esq., as city attorney, whereupon, it was ordered,
upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, that F. A. Stevens be ap-
pointed City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, said appointment to take effect upon the filing
and approval of a good and sufficient bond in the sum of $1000.00 and upon his taking the oath
of office required by law, at a salary of $150.00 per month. The vote on said motion was as
follows; Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye.

Noes, none.

The matter of the appointment of a Municipal Judge coming on before the Board, an order
was made, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle appointing C. D. Breeze
as municipal Judge at a salary of $50.00 per month, said appointment to take effect upon his filing
a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office
required by law. Voting on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.
Thereupon the Board took up the matter of the appointment of a City Marshall, where-
upon an order was made, on motion of Commissioner Neagle, seconded by Commissioner German, that
R. E. Lake, Jr., he appointed City Marshall at a salary of $200.00 per month, said appointment
to take effect upon the filing and approval of a pood and sufficient bond in the sum of One
Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, and upon his taking the oath of office required by law. Voting
on said motion Commissioners Mundy, Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.

An order was made, on motion of Commissioner Neagle, seconded by Commissioner German,
appointing Harold Case for office of Fire Chief.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Neagle, seconded by Commissioner German, it was
ordered that the salary of the Nightwatchman Officer of the City of Las Vegas he fixed at the
sum of Two Hundred ($200.00) Dollars per month. Voting on said motion, Commissioners Mundy,
Neagle, German, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was
ordered that Joe May he appointed to the office of Nightwatchman, at the salary of $200.00 per
month.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, it is the earnest desire of this Board that each of its
members shall be free at all times to act according to the dictates of
their own individual consciences, and not to be allied to any factions or
particular following, and

WHEREAS, experience has taught us that members of the City Board and
officers appointed by such Board are constantly importuned to go upon bail
bonds and other undertakings of like character, and that becoming such sure-
ties tends to hamper independent action of the surety and to alley such surety
with the person for which such assurance is made,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED that the policy be and it is hereby adopted
that during the term for which this Board is elected no member of this Board
nor the City Attorney, nor the City Clerk go upon any such bail bond or under-
taking of like character.

The vote on such Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith,

German, Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the newly appointed City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, presented his bond

in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with O. K. Adcock and A. S. Henderson, as

sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and sufficient

bond, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German,

that said bond be and the same is accepted and approved, and it further appearing that

F. A. Stevens has taken the oath of office required by law, he was thereupon declared

qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas,

Voting on said motion, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, German, Smith, Neagle, and His Honor the

Mayor, J. F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon the clerk presented the bond of R. E. Lake, Jr. as City Marshall of the
City of Las Vegas, in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars, with E. W. Cragin and W.

H. Pike as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that said bond is a good and suf-
ficient bond, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Germany, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy that said bond be and the same is hereby accepted and approved, and it further appear-
ing that the said R. E. Lake, Jr. has taken the oath of office required by law, he was
thereupon declared qualified to enter upon the duties of the office of City Marshall of the
City of Las Vegas, said motion being passed upon the unanimous vote of all present.

The bond of C. D. Breeze, the newly appointed municipal judge was then presented,
said bond being in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars with Ed. Von Tobel and M. E.

Ward as sureties thereon, and it appearing to the Board that the same is a good and sufficient
Bond it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle that
the said bond be and the same is hereby accepted and approved, and it further appearing that
C. D. Breeze has taken the oath of office required by law, he was thereupon declared qualified
to enter upon the duties of the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas. Voting
on said motion; Commissioners Mundy, Smith, Neagle, and German, and His Honor the Mayor, J.
F. Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meet-
ing adjourn until Tuesday, the 7th day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock, p.m.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 7, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of June, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p. m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney, City Assessor and Clerk; Commissioner O. J. Smith being absent.
Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the hearing of protests or objections regarding the levying
of a special assessment for the payment of costs in connection with the laying of sidewalk on the
east side of South Fourth Street, the Board proceeded to hear any such protests as may have been
filed. It appearing to the Board that no such protests or objections had teen filed and nobody
appearing before the Board to make such protest or objection, the Board proceeded to confirm
said special assessment.



Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that the special assessment of $36.50 on each lot as 

originally entered in Special Assessment Roll No. 10 was in excess of the amount required to meet all

expenses in connection with the construction of the sidewalk on the east side of South Fourth



Street, and that the sum of $30.67 assessed to each lot in Blocks 39 and 40 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

on which said sidewalk was constructed is sufficient to meet all expenses in connection with

said construction, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner

German, that said special assessment be revised so that the sum of $30.67 will be assessed to

each lot on which said sidewalk was constructed. Vote on said motion being: Commissioners



Mundy, German, Neagle and his Honor the Mayor Hesse voting aye. Noes, None.

Thereafter, it was moved by Commissioner Mundy that Assessment Roll No. 10, as revised,
be confirmed by the Board, certified by the Clerk, and recorded, and that the City Assessor levy
the assessment, the same to be payable at once and collected by the proper officers. Motion sec-
onded by Commissioner German. Motion carried on following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German,
Neagle and his Honor the Mayor, Hesse voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until July 2nd, 1927, at the Hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 2, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, Held on the second day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the written applications of the following
persons for permission to set off fireworks in the City of Las Vegas: D. G. Lorenzi, R. S. Lehman,
R. G. McCubrey and Charles B. Hemphill. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by
Commissioner German, and unanimously carried, it was ordered that the Clerk issue permits to
the above named applicants, granting them permission to set off fire works in the City of Las
Vegas, in the manner and during the hours set forth in said permits.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this body adjourn.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 7, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present:
Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner O. J. Smith.

Meeting called tp order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claim and Warrant Register in the office of the Clerk.



Officers reports read, approved and ordered placed on file in the office of the clerk.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented and read to the Board a letter from C. D. Breeze, Esq, Mu-
nicipal Judge, requesting said Board to raise his salary from the sum of $50. per month to the
sum of $100 per month. After full discussion this matter was laid over for future consideration.

The Clerk then presented four petitions to the Board praying as follows:

TO THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

The undersigned citizens and taxpayers of said City of Las Vegas hereby
petition your honorable body to immediately take such steps and proceedings
as may be necessary, by ordinance or otherwise, to secure as a public util-
ity, an adequate water supply for the residents of the Original Townsite of
Las Vegas. There As a critical shortage of water in that portion of the City,
which calls for immediate and urgent action in the premises.

The above mentioned petitions were signed by a number of citizens and taxpayers of the City of
Las Vegas. Action on this matter was deferred to Saturday, the 9th of July, 1927, at the hour
of three o'clock P. M.



A proposed contract for the collecting, hauling and disposal of garbage from this City was
read by the Clerk, said contract being presented by A. B. Mitchell and signed by him.

After general discussion this matter was laid over for future consideration.
Thereupon, the Clerk presented an application for a gaming license signed by O. M. Cowden
requesting a license for the operation of two gaming tables, his fee of $150 being previously
paid, and the application being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. It was ordered upon
motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy and duly carried that a license be
issued to said O. M. Cowden as requested.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the oper-
ation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the 
operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and the application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the
license by issued.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys turned in by the
Municipal Judge and City Clerk for the month of June, 1927, be apportioned as follows: the sum of
$871.40 to the Police and Fire Fund and the sum of $606.10 to the General Fund.

Mr. A. E. Cahlan, manager and editor of the Las Vegas Review, appeared at this time and made
a proposition to the Board wherein he would print 100 copies of all city ordinances heretofore pub-
lished, on paper prepared for insertion into binders, and 50 binders for the purpose of binding said
ordinances, for the sum of $250. After general discussion this proposition was laid over for future
consideration.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this Board adjourn
until Friday, the 8th of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. Las Vegas Nevada. July 8, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, and Roy Neagle, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk; Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk presented the claim of Callihan & Turner for balance of sum due them
at a later date for the construction of sidewalk on the east side of south Fourth Street, amounting
to $337.25. Thereupon, on motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the claim be
paid and a warrant drawn on the Treasurer to cover the same.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until Saturday, the 9th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 9, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 9th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Pre-
sent: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy Neagle, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioner O. J. Smith being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the discussion of ways and means of procuring a more satisfac-
tory water supply for the Original Townsite of Las Vegas, a number of citizens residing in said
Original Townsite are present. Upon going into an investigation of the plan for the City of Las
Vegas to build and operate a water works in the Original Townsite, it appeared that the City
Charter is faulty and that it will be impossible to proceed in the matter. Thereafter, the Clerk

was directed to communicate with the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce and request their co-operation



in this matter, and request that they appoint a committee to work with the City Attorney and Board of City
Commissioners and endeavor to work out some plan whereby the Original Townsite can be provided with
a more adequate water supply.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until the 14th of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. Las Vegas, Nevada. July 14, 1927.
At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of July, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, together

with the City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioner O. J. Smith being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the City Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., made an oral report on the legal phases
of the question of supplying the Original Townsite of Las Vegas with water, in effect as follows:
After meeting with the Chamber of Commerce it was decided that the first thing to be done was to

determine the proper method of calling a special election to amend subdivision 5 of section 31 of

the Charter of the City of Lad Vegas, there being no present method provided for the calling of 
special elections.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn

until
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. Las Vegas, Nevada. August 4, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 4th day of August, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular and subsequent adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claims and Warrants Register in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered placed on file in the Clerk's office.

Thereupon, His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, presented the name of Mrs. Clarence Stay for appointment

to the vacancy existing on the Cemetery Board. Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by 



Commissioner German, and unanimously carried it was ordered that the said Mrs. Clarence Stay be and she
hereby is appointed to the office of member of the City Cemetery Board.

Thereupon, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German,
and unanimously carried, that the moneys collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge for the
month of July be apportioned as follows: $2400.00 to the Police and Fire Fund, and $373.50 to the
General Fund.

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German,



and unanimously carried, that the promissory note held by the First State Bank, bearing date of November 7,

1925, made by the City of Las Vegas in connection with the Emergency Loan of 1925, be paid in full

together with the accrued interest, said payment to be made from the	Emergency Loan	Fund.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of C. Aguirre and G. Lopez for a license for
the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid to the Clerk. Thereupon, upon mot-
ion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and unanimously carried it was ordered
that the license be issued.

 On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and duly carried, it was
resolved that the fence surrounding the property known	as the Fair Grounds, jointly owned by the

City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, be sold at public auction to the highest bidder, sale

to be conducted by the County and City Treasurer and to take place at the front door of the Clark
County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas, an the 10th day of September, 1927, at the hour of
ten o'clock A. M; All bids to be for cash, and the successful bidder to remove said fence within
30 days after said sale. Notice of said sale to be published four issues in the Las Vegas Age.

No further business coming before the Board it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that this meeting adjourn until August 17, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. August 17, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of August, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Pre-
sent: Commissioner W. B. Mundy, as Mayor Pro. Tem.; Commissioners W. C. German, Roy Neagle, O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Pro. Tem.

The Las Vegas Land & Water Company made a request to the Board to grant a permit to use the
alleys, streets, and avenues of the original Townsite of Las Vegas for the construction mainten-
ance of a water system, and presented a draft of permit in the following form:

PERMIT TO LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER COMPANY

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER
COMPANY, a corporation, to install lay and maintain water pipe lines
and water mains and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary
and proper appliances used in connection therewith, or appurtenant
thereto, in, through, over, across, under or along each and all of the
avenues, streets and alleys of the Original Townsite of Las Vegas, in
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, according to
the official and recorded plat of survey of said Original Townsite, for
the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of said Original Townsite of
Las Vegas with water for all necessary and useful purposes.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to make
the necessary excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys; provided,
said Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, ave-
nues or alleys, promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its
former condition.

(b)	Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of La? Vegas,
now in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the
making of excavations in such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold the City of Las Vegas harmless from any and
all liability for damages to persons or property caused by such exca-
vations made in the streets, avenues or alleys within the territory to
which this permit extends.

As further conditions upon which this Permit is granted it is pro-
vided:

1.	That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to
make all necessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining
of all water pipe and apparatuses, and shall have the power to change
the rules and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may
seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct
the change in location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains,
laterals and appliances, and to establish and change the grades of said
streets, avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains,
laterals and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the
same shall not damage or obstruct the use of said streets, avenues or
alleys for travel or for public uses by reason of leakages or other-
wise.

4.	Said Permittee will install and maintain at least fifteen
fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from
time to time designate, at actual cost of labor and material, the same
to be paid for by said City upon presentation of verified claim or
claims therefor to said City in the manner required by law. No charge
shall be made or claimed against said City for the use of water from
said system through said fire plugs by said City in the extinguishment
of fires or the sprinkling of streets, avenues or alleys, nor for the
flushing of sewer mains.

A violation of any of the previsions of this Permit shall be
ground for and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in
part, or said City may pursue such other remedy or course as the Law
permits. Said City hereby reserves all rights incident to the

grantor of a permit.
This Permit shall not he construed to authorize the Permittee
to use, or to aconite any rights in any of the streets, avenues or
alleys of said Original Townsite of Las Vegas inconsistent with the
future legitimate uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said
City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made overate in itself
nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by Permittee as
an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever.
Nor shall this Permit be construed as a grant of any right or privi-
lege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property
along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains,
laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee,
nor to establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsis-
tent with the right of the original dedicators of said streets, ave-
nues and alleys, or their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this Permit or any
rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commission-
ers of said City first had and obtained in writing.

This permit shall become affective upon the acceptance of the
same in writing by the Permittee within forty days from the date of
its passage, but in default of such acceptance the same shall be of
no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas on the _______ day of August, 1927.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Com-
missioners by the Mayor Pro. Tem., City Clerk and Water Works, Sewer-
age and Light Commissioner, thereunto duly authorized, this ______

day of August, 1927. Executed in duplicate.

This matter was discussed with the Board and on motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith,

seconded by Commissioner Roy Neagle, the following resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the Permit to Las Vegas Land and Water Company
to use the avenues, alleys, and streets of the Original Townsite
of the City of Las Vegas for the construction and maintenance of a
water system, be and the same is hereby granted in the form pres-
ented in this meeting, and the Mayor Pro. Tem., City Clerk and
Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioners, be and they are here-
by authorized to execute the same on behalf of the City of Las Vegas,
and to deliver the same to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company and
that the original one accepted by the Las Vegas Land and Water
Company be filed among the records in the Clerk's office.

The vote upon said Permit was as follows:

Commissioner Neagle:	Aye.	Mayor	Pro. Tem. Mundy:	Aye.

Commissioner Smith:	Aye.

Commissioner German:	Aye.	Noes:	None.

No further business coming before the Board it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and

carried that this meeting adjourn until August 19, 1927, at the hour of 7 o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS,
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. August 19, 1927.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of August, 1927, at the hour of seven o'
clock P. M. Present: Commissioner W. B. Mundy, as Mayor Pro. Tem.; Commissioners C. Ger-
man and O. J. Smith, together with the City attorney and Clerk. His Honor the Mayor, J. F.

Hesse and Commissioner Roy Neagle being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Pro. Tem.

After general discussion of errors in the survey of Buck's Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, it was moved by Commissioner O. J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. C. German, that
C. D. Baker make a preliminary survey of the situation of Buck's Subdivision to show in
general the discrepancy, if any, at a cost of approximately One Hundred fifty ($150.00) Dol-
lars.

Motion carried.

No further business coming before the Board it was ordered upon motion duly made, sec-
onded and carried that this Meeting adjourn until August 29, 1927, at the hour of seven o'
clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. August 29, 1927

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 29th day of August, 1927, at the hour of seven o'clock

P.	M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time Mr. C. D. Baker presented an oral report on the preliminary survey of Buck's
Addition made by him.

After full discussion on said preliminary survey, it was ordered that the City Attorney,

F. A. Stevens, make an investigation and render a report on the legal phases of the report of
Surveyor Baker.

No further business coming before the Board it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried that this meeting adjourn until September 1, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 2, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the second day of September, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p.m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, Roy Neagle,
and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Mr. W. C. Brackern and Leo A. McNamee were present representing the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following resolu-
tion was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that that certain resolution adopted by this Board on
the 17th day of August 1927, granting a permit to Las Vegas Land and Water
Company, the right to use the avenues, alleys, and streets of the Original
Townsite of the City of Las Vegas for the construction and maintenance of
a water system be and the same is hereby rescinded and annulled.

The vote on motion and resolution was as follows: Commissioners Neagle,

German, Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

The draft of an Ordinance granting to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company a franchise
to construct and maintain a water system in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas was presented
and read to the Board. After a discussion of said Ordinance the following preambles and
resolution were adopted:

WHEREAS, the Original Townsite of Las Vegas has no water available to sup-
ply the inhabitants therein nor water available for fire protection, and
WHEREAS, Las Vegas Land and Water Company is willing to extend its water
mains and provide an adequate water supply to the inhabitants of said
Original Townsite of Las Vegas, and to provide water for fire protection
immediately upon the passage of an ordinance authorizing the use of the
streets, alleys and public grounds in said original townsite of Las Vegas,
and

WHEREAS, such water supply to the said inhabitants and for fire protection
is immediately needed, and an emergency exists therefor.

IT IS HEREBY declared that an emergency exists for the immediate passage
of this ordinance.

The vote on the foregoing preambles and resolution was as follows: Com-
missioners Neagle, German, Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved for the passage of said Ordinance #126, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy. Vote on said Ordinance was as follows: Commissioners Neagle, German, Mundy, Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mr. Leo A. McNamee requested an extension of 90 days time to Richmond
Hotel Company.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 1, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of September, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

	

Meeting called to order by the Mayor. Minutes of previous meeting read and approved

All claims allowed as shown in the Claim and Warrant Register in the office of the Clerk,

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that all the moneys

collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of August, 1927 be apportioned as follows 


to-wit: $831.5, to the General Fund and $831.50 to the Police & Fire Fund.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting

adjourn until September 2nd, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following res-
olution was adopted:



RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it is specified and agreed in paragraph numbered 1, of that
certain agreement dated February 16, 1927, between Las Vegas Land and Water
Company, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the
laws of the State of Nevada, party of the first part therein and the City
of Las Vegas, the party of the second part therein, as the same is amend-
ed by an agreement between the same parties dated May 10, 1927, to the effect
that if A. L. Richmond shall within one hundred ninety days from February
9, 192.7, fail, neglect or refuse to deliver to the said Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, the bonds specified and referred to in subdivision (C) of
paragraph II of the agreement dated February 9, 1927, between Las Vegas
Land and Water Company, party of the first part therein and A. L. Richmond
of Los Angeles, California, party of the second part, (a copy of which agree-
ment is attached to the said agreement hereinabove first mentioned, and is
marked Exhibit "C" and made a part thereof) then and in that event the said
Las Vegas Land and Water Company would upon the request of said City, acting
by and through its Board of City Commissioners reconvey the public park or
agricultural fair grounds mentioned in said agreements, and the whole there-
of, to the City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park supposes.

AND WHEREAS, said A. L. Richmond has procured from said Las Vegas Land
and Water Company, an extension of ninety days additional time within which
to deliver said bonds, which extension was granted upon condition that the
City of Las Vegas, would agree to an amendment to said paragraph numbered

1,	as the same is amended by paragraph "FIRST" of the said agreement between
said Las Vegas Land and Water Company and This City, dated May 10, 1927,
changing the words, "one hundred ninety" to read "Two hundred eighty" 
where-ever the same appears in said paragraph "first";

AND WHEREAS, said Las Vegas Land and Water Company has requested the City
to agree to such an amendment, which said City is willing to do, it appearing
to the Board that such is for the best interests of said City;

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved, That the City of Las Vegas make and enter
into an agreement with Las Vegas Land and Water Company, amending paragraph
numbered 1, of that certain agreement dated February 16, 1927, between Las
Vegas Land and Water Company, as party of the first, part therein and the City
of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation of the State of Nevada, as party of the
second part therein, as the same is amended by paragraph "FIRST" of the said
agreement between said Las Vegas Land and Water Company and this City, dated
May 10, 1927, so that the same shall read as follows to-wit:

"1. That if the said A. L. Richmond shall within Two Hundred eighty
days from the date of the execution of said agreement, "Exhibit "C", namely,
within two hundred eighty days from February 9, 1927, fail, neglect or refuse
to deliver to the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company the said indemnity
bonds in the penal sum of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars each, as pro-
vided for in said agreement, "Exhibit C", and said deed or reconveyance shall
have passed to the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company from said City of Las
Vegas and the County of Clark to the public park mentioned in said Resolution,
Exhibits "A" and "B", then and in that event the party of the first part herein
shall, upon the request of said City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its
Board of City Commissioners, reconvey said Public Park and the whole thereof
to said City of Las Vegas intrust for public park purposes."

Provided, however, that such agreement, so to be entered into, shall provide
that the City shall have to and including December 9, 1927, within which to
remove from said public park the improvements reserved in the deed from said
City, reconveying to said company the said Public park.

And be it further resolved that such contract, be dated August 18, 1927,
and be considered in effect as from said date, and that the same be executed on
behalf of this City and by and under the hand of the Mayor of said City of Las
Vegas and attested by the City Clerk thereof, under the seal of said City.

The vote upon said Resolution was as follows:

Commissioners, Mundy, Smith, German, Neagle, and His Honor, the Mayor,

J.	F. Hesse voting aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meet-
ing adjourn until Tuesday, September 6th, at the hour of seven-thirty p. m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF TEE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. September 6, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the sixth day of September, 1927, at the hour of seven-thirty o'
clock p. m. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: W. B. Mundy and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time there was a discussion of the discrepancy in the survey of Buck's Addition to
the City of Las Vegas, after which it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,
that the work of locating streets and alleys be continued.

It appearing to the Board that the names of certain streets in the Original Townsite of
Las Vegas are similar to names in other portions in the City, the Clerk was directed to write
to the City Planning Commission and ask them to investigate this condition and make recom-
mendations as to renaming of streets.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting ad-
journ until October 6th, 1927.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 6, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. B. Mundy.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claim and Warrant Register in the office of the Clerk.
It was thereupon ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that all the moneys
collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge during the moth of September, 1927 totaling $1825., be

 apportioned as follows: One thousand ($1,000) Dollars to the Police and Fire Fund and Eight Hundred 

twenty-five ($825.00) Dollars to the General Fund. Further ordered that the sum of One Thousand Sixty-five
($1065.00) be transferred from the General Fund to the Salary Fund.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until October 17, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 17, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, held on the 17th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. C. Ger-
man, and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.
At this time the Board allowed a few claims as shown by the claims and warrants register in
the office of the Clerk.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the oper-
ation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that
the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of O. M. Cowden for a license for the oper-
ation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that
the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the oper-
ation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that
the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of C. Aguirre and Joe Guzman for a license for
the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150 being paid and said application being approved
by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered
that the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented to the Board the following Acceptance of Ordinance:

ACCEPTANCE OF ORDINANCE.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

That Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation, organized
and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, does
hereby accept that certain Ordinance No. 126 and all of the provisions
thereof approved and adopted September 2, 1927, by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Las Vegas Land and Water Company has
caused these presents to be duly executed by its duly authorized officers
and its corporate seal to be hereto affixed this 14th day of September,

1927.

LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY

BY Walter R. Bracken	

Its Vice-President.	

ATTEST:

C. K. Bloom

ITS SECRETARY

(SEAL)

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy and unanimously carried,
said Acceptance of Ordinance was approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented a letter from the City Planning Commission in which was in-
cluded their report and recommendations for the re-naming of certain streets in certain additions
to the City of Las Vegas. After some consideration this matter was laid over for final disposit-
ion.

The Clerk then presented a letter from Las Vegas, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce concerning the
purchase of certain acreage for Fair Grounds and Air Field purposes. After some discussion this
matter was laid over for final disposition.

The Clerk then read the Financial report of the Boulder Canyon Air-Ways Inc., a corporation.
The same was ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.
The Clerk then road a letter from the Las Vegas, Nevada, Chamber of Commerce recommending that
this Board take some action that would lead to the accommodation of negro automobile tourists coming
through this City. It appearing to the Board that the various tourists camps in this City are
privately owned and that they have a legal right to accommodate or reject any persons, it was ordered
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that this matter be referred back to the Chamber of
Commerce and that the Clerk be directed to write to the said Chamber of Commerce and state that this
Board has no power to regulate tourists camp grounds in this regard and that it is the opinion of
this Board that this matter can be better handled by the Chamber of Commerce.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until October 18th, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 18, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, held on the 18th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. C. German,
and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this meeting the Board was engaged in the discussion of a proposed audit of the City books,
later discussing proposed vehicle parking regulations, and later discussing measures for Fire pre-
ventions in this City.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until October 19th, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 19, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, held on the 19th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and Roy
Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioner W. C. German being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in the discussion of the legal phases relative to the
paving of streets in this City, the following members of the City Planning Commission being
present: W. S. Park, President, and W. E. Ferron.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until October 24th, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 24, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, held on the 24th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p. M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith,
W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

President W.S. Park and W. E. Farron of the City Planning Commission were present
and discussed with the Board various phases of the proposed paving of the City streets.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until October 26, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. October 26, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, held on the 26th day of October, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
p. M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith,

W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

After full discussion as to the advisability of purchasing a new fire alarm siren, it was
moved by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German that a contract be entered into
by the City and Bletzacker for the purchase by the City of a fire alarm system in recordance
with the proposal heretofore submitted to this Board by said Bletzacker and Bletzacker. That
such contract be executed by the Mayor, Police & Fire Commissioner and attested by the City
Clerk, that said contract be such terms and conditions as the Mayor and Police & Fire Com-
missioner shall prescribe and that the purchase price shall not exceed the sum of Six hundred
seventy-three ($673.35) Dollars and thirty-five cents, as mentioned in such proposal.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German, Neagle, Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter the Board discussed various phases of the proposed paving of the City Streets.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Thursday, November 3rd, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 3, 1927

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clerk County, Nevada, held on the third day of November, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock p. m.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register filed in the office of

The Clerk.

Reports of City officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Thereupon, The Clerk presented the application of C. E. Andrews and Cliff McClellan
for a license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said
application being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

It was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that the moneys collected by
the Municipal Judge and City Clerk for fees and licenses totalling $3,230.00, be apportioned as
follows: $1,615.00 to the Police and Fire Fund and $1,615.00 to the General Fund.

At this time Mr. Wheeler appeared and discussed Willite paving with the Board.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Friday, November 4th, at the hour of seven o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 4, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of November, 1927, at the hour of seven o'clock
P. M. Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. C. German, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Nr. Wheeler of the Willite Co., J. P. King, City Street Supt., and R. B. Griffith, Sec.
of the City Planning Commission, being present the Board entered into a discussion of paving City
Streets.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Saturday, November 5th, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAG VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 5, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of November, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and W. C. German, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.
After full discussion of the proposed zoning Ordinance which was read for the first
time on the third day of June, 1927, it was ordered upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded
by Commissioner German and unanimously carried that said Ordinance be referred back to the City
Planning Commission.

Thereupon, the proposed Ordinance Number ___________, entitled, "An Ordinance Prohibiting

The Sale of Fireworks Within The Limits Of The City Of Las Vegas, Nevada, And Providing a Penalty
For The Violation Of This Ordinance", was read for the first time and laid over for the second

reading.

Thereafter, the Board was engaged in the discussion of vehicle parking problems followed
by discussion of the proposed paving of the streets.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting ad-
journ until Monday, November 7, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 7, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of November, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P. A. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, and W. B.
Mundy, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the mayor.

No business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting adjourn
until Tuesday, November 8th, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

-	-	OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. November 8, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of November, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A letter from the Los Angeles General Hospital dated October 28, 1927, referring to



an Indigent named Juan Martinez, who is confined to said Hospital was read this letter was ordered referred
to the Board of County Commissioners.

After discussion on the street paving problem it was ordered on motion duly made that
this meeting adjourn
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. December 1, 1927.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the first day of December, 1927, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, and Roy
Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Reports of City officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

At this time a number of representative citizens of this City appeared before the
Board. Mr. A. W. Ham, acting as spokesmen, addressed the Board and protested against setting
the Eastern limits of the business section of this City at 5th Street on Fremont, at the
same time, informing the Board that it had been rumored that a zoning ordinance under con-
sideration by the City Planning Commission would limit the business section as herein-
before stated. Thereupon, the Mayor informed said citizens that the purposed zoning 
ordinance had not yet been drafted nor presented to this Board and further informed them that
their suggestions would be duly considered in framing said proposed zoning ordinance.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith and unanimously
carried, it was ordered that the moneys collected by the Municipal Judge and City Clerk
for fines and licenses for the month of November, 1927, totalling $1168.50, be apportioned
as follows, to-wit: the sum of $584.25 to the General Fund, and the sum of $584.25 to
the Police and Fire Fund; further ordered that the sum of $85.09 be transferred from the
General Fund to the Emergency Loan Fund.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting adjourn until Friday, December 2nd, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. December 2, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the second day of December, 1927, at the hour of
three o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J.
Smith, and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Roy Neagle,
Commissioner.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

It having been reported to the Board of City Commissioners that certain persons
are using the streets and alleys of the Original Townsite of Las Vegas for the laying of
pipes and water without permission of said City, it is hereby ordered upon motion by
Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that said persons be ordered by the
Commissioner of Streets to remove said pipes forthwith.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it is resolved
that the action of the Police and Fire Commissioner in purchasing a new Buick Sedan for
City use at the price of $1585.00, in which the old Buick machine owned by this City was
taken in payment to the extent of $600.00, leaving a balance of $985.00, be and the same
is hereby ratified, approved and confirmed; and that the Mayor and City Clerk, on behalf
of this City, execute the promissory note of the City in the principal sum of $985.00,
payable in monthly installments of $80.00 each to the First State Bank with interest at 6 %
per annum, payable monthly, on said balance of the purchase price. Vote on the foregoing
motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
Aye. Noes, none.

After discussion of a proposed zoning ordinance, it was ordered upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, that this meeting adjourn until Saturday, December third, 1927,
at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. December 5, 1927.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of December, 1927, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy
Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in the discussion of zoning problems.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting adjourn 

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 5, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the fifth day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. C.

German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

	Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register filed in the office
of the Clerk.

Reports of City officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Mr. Oakley a representative of the Standard Oil Company addressed the Board on the
question of the various types of pavement.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the fund from
sidewalk assessment #10, amounting to $797.42, be transferred to the General fund; and that
the sidewalk account be closed.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the moneys collected
by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge for licenses and fines for the month of December, 1927,
totalling $1,098.50 be apportioned as follows: to Police and Fire Fund the sum of $784.66 and
to the General Fund the sum of $131.84.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Friday, January 6th, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 6, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith, W. C. German,
Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the last regular meeting and adjourned meetings read and approved.

A plat of the East 1/2 of Block B Valley Addition to the City of Las Vegas was presented
to the Board for approval and upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German
and duly carried, it was ordered that said plat be referred to the City Planning Commission.

Proposed ordinance No.	, entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas

Classifying the City of Las Vegas into Use Districts and Regulating and Restricting the Location
of Trades, Industries, Businesses and Residences", was read for the first time and laid over for
second reading.

	Thereupon, the Board ordered the above described Ordinance referred to the Planning

Commission.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of Gabriel Lopez for a license for the
operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being ap-
proved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was
ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of C. E. Andrews and Cliff McClellan for a
license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said ap-
plication being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of A. T. Gilmore and J. W. Horden for a
license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said ap-
plication being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the
operation of three gaming tables, the fee of $250.00 being paid and said application being
approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
it was ordered that the license be issued.

Thereupon, the Clerk presented the application of C. C. Stocker for a license for the
operation of three gaming tables, the fee of $250.00 being paid and said application being ap-
proved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it
was ordered that the license be issued.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Monday the 9th day of January, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

	

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. JANUARY 9,1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 9th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith,
W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A letter from the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce dated December 1st, 1927,
transmitting a copy of the Report of Domestic Water Supply Committee, was read, and said re-
port was also read. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried said letter and report
were ordered filed, with thanks to the Chamber of Commerce.

A report of the Street Superintendent for the year 1927, was read and ordered filed.
A Report by the Municipal Judge and a request for additional compensation was read
and ordered, filed and referred to the Finance Commissioner*

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the sum of Twenty-
five ($25.00) Dollars per month be and is hereby authorized for clerical help to City Clerk un-
til the further order of the Board, to be paid upon bills to be submitted by such clerk monthly.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Tuesday the 10th day of January, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 10, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 10th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J.

Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Proposed ordinance No.	, entitled, "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise and re-
enact Section 22 of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance regu-
lating travel and traffic upon the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada," and further
amending said Ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be known as Sections 21a and 21b
respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith", was
read for the first time and laid over for second reading*

Proposed ordinance No.	, entitled, "An Ordinance providing for the licensing

of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof",
was read for the first time and laid for second reading.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the sum of $1500.00
be paid on the Emergency Loan Note of 1925, held by the First State Bank, together with interest
accrued thereon; and that the City Treasurer be directed to make this payment and that the City
Clerk be authorized and directed to issue his warrant in the amount of $1552.00, to cover said
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 12, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. C. German, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Mr. W. J. Stewart appeared before the Board and requested said Board to authorize
the moving of a certain section of the City sewer system. This matter was laid over for further
consideration.

A letter from the local Chamber of Commerce dated January 10, 1928, inviting the mem-
bers of this Board to join said Chamber of Commerce or to appoint some member to represent this
Board at the meetings of the Board of Directors of said Chamber of Commerce, was read. The
Clerk was directed to inform said Chamber of Commerce that a member of this Board would be as-
signed to attend said meetings, unless some member of this Board would volunteer such service.

The Clerk was also directed to extend an invitation to the Chamber of Commerce to send representa-
tives to meetings of this Board.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Saturday the 14th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon notion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Thursday the 12th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICER OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 14, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. C. German, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time a plat of the East 1/2 of Block B, Valley View Addition to the City of
Las Vegas, was presented to the Board for approval, accompanied by a letter from the City Plan-
ning Commission recommending such approval. After due consideration, it was ordered upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried, that said plat be rejected and returned to J. T. McWilliams, a
surveyor, who presented said plat, for the following reasons, to-wit:
1.	The words "Formerly Lillis Avenue" and "Formerly Hunting Avenue" should not
appear on said plat.

2.	That the proposed plat does not comply with the requirements set forth in
Subsection 3 of Section 2 of the Act relating to townsites, Session Laws of 1921, at Page
34.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Tuesday the 17th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 17, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in a discussion of the question of altering a
certain section of the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas.

The Board also discussed the question of cleaning the said sewer system.

Mr. J. P. King, City Street Superintendent, was present and discussed the above
mentioned questions with the Board.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Wednesday the 18th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 18, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 18th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse;, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.
Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas enter into a contract with
the Austin Western Road Machinery Company in accordance with their printed form
106 1/2 subject to the modifications herein provided, for the purchase of one (1)
Austin 10-20 Motor grader, complete with 10 ft. blade, leaning front wheels
and new style front scarifier, at the price of Three Thousand Dollars ($3000.00),
F.O.B. Railroad Car, Los Angeles, California, payable as follows: $600.00 in
cash within 10 days from delivery, and balance as follows: $600.00 on or before
July 1st, 1928; $600.00 on or before January 1st, 1929; $600.00 on or before
July 1st, 1929; $600.00 by the sale to said Austin-Western Road Machinery

Company of one (1) gasoline 10 ton Austin-Western road roller, owned by
said City, delivered F.O.B., railroad car, Las Vegas, Levada, on order of
said Austin-Western Load Machinery Company; all deferred payments to bear
interest at 7 per cent per annum from date of contract.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said contract be executed by O. J.

Smith, Commissioner of Streets and Public Property of said City on behalf
of said City, and that such bill of sale or other instrument of transfer
of said ten ton road roller be executed by the Commissioner of Streets
and Public Property of said City on behalf of said City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk furnish a certified
copy of this resolution to accompany said Contract.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a warrant be drawn by the proper
officers for the initial payment of $600.00 to said Company.

Vote on the above Resolution: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and His Honor the Mayor Hesse,
Aye.	Noes, none.

After discussing the question of moving a certain section of sewer, the Board ad-
journed upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, until Friday the 20th day of
January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 23, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 23rd day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
and O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it was ordered that the Mayor
and City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be authorized and directed to execute on behalf of the
City a contract with Dr. W. S. Park permitting installation of a fire siren on top of his building
as per draft of contract submitted to the Board.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Monday the 30th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 20, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 20th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time His Honor the Mayor suggested that the City Commissioners take a trip
of inspection thru the streets and alleys of this City.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Monday the 23rd day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.


OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 50, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, J. C. German, O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board meet jointly with the Board of County Commissioners, all of
whom were present, together with Mr. S. R. Whitehead, County Auditor, for the purpose of dis-
cussing the City and County Budgets for the year 1928.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting
adjourn until Tuesday the 31st day of January, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. January 31, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 51st day of January, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M. Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.	

VA draft of an ordinance, entitled, "An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact,
Lections 2 and 19, of Ordinance No. 56, entitled, 'An Ordinance providing for the issuance of
plumbing and sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections
and for the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas', and
further amending said Ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be known as "2a" and "2b,"
respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith,"
was read for the first time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German and duly carried,
said ordinance was laid over for second and final reading and action thereon. The vote on
said motion was as follows: Commissioners W. C. German, W. B. Mundy and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made that this meeting

adjourn.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. February 2, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 2nd day of February, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His
Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the Clerk

City Officers reports for the month of January, 1928, read and approved and ordered filed.

Minutes of previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.



Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and duly carried, it was ordered 
that the sum $50.00 be appropriated from the Publicity Fund and presented to the publicity Committee
of the Tri-State Trap Shoot for the purpose of advertising the City of Las Vegas during the trap
shoot meet to be held in this City on February 11 and 12, 1928.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys collected by the City
Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of January, 1928, for licenses and fines, totaling
$3676.50, be apportioned as follows, towit: the sum of $2626.10 to the Police and Fire Fund, and the
sum of $1050.40 to the General Fund; further ordered that the sum of $13.29 be transferred from the
General Fund to the Emergency Loan Note Fund.

thereupon, proposed ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise and Re-enact Section 22
of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: 'An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic up-
on the public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada', and further amending said Ordinance by adding
thereto two sections to be known as Sections 21a and 21b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith" was read for the second time. Upon motion of Commis-
sioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, said Ordinance was duly passed and adopted , and ordered
published one week, two issues, in the Las Vegas Age, a semi-weekly newspaper of general circulation
published in the City of Las Vegas; further ordered that said Ordinance be designated as Ordinance
No. 127. Vote on the foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, the proposed ordinance entitled "An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electric-
al workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof" was read for the
second time. Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, said Ordinance
was duly passed and adopted, and ordered published one week, two issues, in the Las Vegas Age, a
semi weekly newspaper of general circulation published in the City of Las Vegas; further ordered
that said ordinance be designated as Ordinance No. 128. The vote on the foregoing motion was as
follows:	Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

Thereupon, the proposed Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and re-enact, Sections

2 and 19, of Ordinance No. 36, entitled ' An Ordinance Providing for the issuance of plumbing and

sewer connection Permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for the regulation

and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas,' and further amending said ordinance by

adding thereto two sections to be known as 2a and 2b respectively, and to repeal all Ordinances and

parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," as amended, was read for the second time. Upon motion of Commissioner

Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, said Ordinance was duly passed and adopted, and ordered 

published one week, three issues, in the Las Vegas Review, a newspaper of general circulation, published



in the City of Las Vegas; further ordered that said Ordinance be designated as Ordinance No. 131.

Vote on the foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle, and His
Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until the 14th day of February, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. February 24, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 34th day of February, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners W. C. German and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, the following Res-
olution was adopted:

RESOLVED that the Plat of E 1/2 of Block B Valley View Addition to the City of Las

Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, heretofore submitted to this Board and by this Board

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS



CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, February, 14 1928



At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of February, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy & W. C. German,

together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk presented to the Board a letter from Owen Halpin, wherein he made application for
appointment to the position Plumbing Inspector, in and for the City of Las Vegas. The Clerk was
directed to acknowledge receipt of the letter and inform Mr. Halpin that he would be considered
for the position.

The Clerk then presented a letter from the Las Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce, wherein a
request was made of the City Commissioners that the Board refer all plats of townsites, which were
presented to the Board for approval, to a committee named in the letter, which committee had been
appointed by the President of the Chamber of Commerce. After due consideration this letter was
referred to the City Planning Commission, and the Clerk was directed to inform the Chamber of Com-
merce of this action by the Board.

Hr. C. D. Baker then presented to the Board a plat of Stewart Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and requested that said plat be approved by the Board. Said plat was
referred to the City Planning Commission for their recommendations, upon motion made, seconded & carried
The Clerk then read to the Board a letter from Mr. V. J. Rhoads, City Plumbing

Inspector, in which Mr. Rhoads tendered his resignation as such Plumbing Inspector. Upon motion of
Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, Mr. Rhoads' resignation was duly accepted, the
vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy and German, and His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Aye.

Upon motion by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was RESOLVED that
F. B. Blakeley be and he is hereby appointed Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas at a monthly
compensation at the rate of $150 per month, based upon eight hours work as constituting a days work,
to take office upon the furnishing of a bond as required by Ordinance No. 129, in the sum of
$1000., to be approved by the Mayor. The vote upon said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith
Mundy and German, and His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Aye. Noes, None.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until February 24th, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
submitted to the City planning Commission and having received the approval of
said Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby approved and the Mayor is
hereby authorized and directed to execute on behalf of this Board the approval
on said map.

The vote on said Resolution was unanimous.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle the following Resolution
was adopted:

RESOLVED that the Plat of Stewart's Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
heretofore submitted to this Board and by this Board submitted to the City Planning
Commission and having received the approval of said Planning Commission, be and the
same is hereby approved and the Mayor is hereby authorized and directed to execute
on behalf of the City the approval on said map.

The vote on said Resolution was unanimous.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn

		OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. March 1, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 1st day of March, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His
Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W, B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

City Officers reports for the month of February, 1928, read and approved and ordered filed.

Minutes of previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

Good cause appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the
name of the fund now and heretofore known as the Light Fund be changed to that of Water, Sewer
and Light Fund.

It was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the moneys collected by the
City Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of February, 1928, for licenses and fines, totaling
$5,299.00, be apportioned as follows, to-wit: the sum of $5,000.00 to the General Fund, and the
sum of $2,266.00 to the Police and Fire Fund, and the sum of $33.00 to the Water, Sewer and Light
Fund.

The Clerk then read an itemized statement of the Boulder Canyon Air-Ways, Inc., since February
8, 1927. The same was ordered filed.

The Clerk then read a letter from J. P. King, City Street Supt., relative to traffic conditions
in this City. The same was ordered filed.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn until
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. March 2, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of March, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Board proceeded to take up the Budget and Tax Levy for the year 1928, and, after
full discussion, it was ORDERED upon motion made by Commissioner W. B. Mundy and seconded by
Commissioner O. J. Smith, and duly carried that the following Budget be adopted, viz.:

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the year
Ending December 31, 1928, as provided by Section 9, Chapter

42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.

Thereupon, the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commissioner
Mundy, Seconded by Commissioner Smith:

BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor and
attested by the City Clerk and the same be filed with the City Clerk and a copy thereof published
in a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one week apart. The vote
on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and His Honor, the Mayor, Aye.
Noes, none.

Cash on Hand, January 1, 1928................................................$19,867.48

Balance Due from Second Half Taxes, 1928 .................................$14,464.18
The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las
Vegas for the year 1928. Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and
unanimously carried, the following Resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.14 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as if ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.263 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street and Alleys Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.148 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.05 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Cemetery Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.148 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Emergency Loan Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.065 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.032 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.12 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.08 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway Bond Interest Fund. .

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.065 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway Bond Redemption Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.024 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street Paving Interest Fund.
RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.065 on each hundred dollars worth of taxable property
situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and paid for
the year 1928, including the net proceeds of the mines for the year 1928, said tax to be known as
and used as the Street Paving Redemption Bond.	

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor, J. F. Hess, Aye.	Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered on motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this Board adjourn.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 5, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present:
His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and
Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of
the Clerk.

City Officers reports read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved.

Upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried it was
ordered that the claim of Ed W. Clark in the amount of $71.87 for repairs to sewer damaged by
backing up of City Sewer be allowed.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that this meeting adjourn until
the 6th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF LAS VEGAS,



CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	April 6, 1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. m.

Present:	His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and C.

German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent; Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Some claims against the City were allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file
in the office of the Clerk.

An ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend section eight (8) of Ordinance No. 119 as amended
by Ordinance No. 124 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance authorizing C. O. Lauritzen
and George P. Peabody, and their assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains, distributing
pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith or
appurtenant thereto, in, and through, over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys
or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the in-
habitants of said City for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes, and establishing
regulations and conditions in connection therewith." was read for the first time, and, upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried was laid over for a second reading.

Clerk then presented the application of A. T. Gilmore and J. W. Horden for a license for
the operation of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being ap-
proved by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was
ordered that the license be issued.		

The Clerk then presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of Gabriel Lopez for a license for the operation of
two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

Clerk then presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the operation of
three gaming tables, the fee of $250.00 being paid and said application being approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly, made seconded and carried it was ordered that
the license be issued.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until the 7th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 7, 1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, and W. C. Ger-



man, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in the discussion of purchasing and establishing a municipal 
air port.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until the ninth day of April, 1928, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 9, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the ninth day of April, 1928, at the hour of seven thirty P.M.
Present: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Lundy, and W. C. German, 

together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in discussion of certain phases relative to the building
of a new tourist hotel in this City.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn until April 14, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 14, 1928

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of April, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. SMITH, W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following draft of an

ordinance was read for the first time and laid over for a second reading. Motion carried on the following vote: Commissioners  

Smith, Mundy and German, and His honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, None. Said Ordinance being entitled as follows:

An ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 27 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An

Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, regulating building construction and

the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives."	

"An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 21b of Ordinance No. 66 of the City of Las Vegas entitled
A proposed Ordinance entitled: "An Ordinance regulating travel and traffic upon the

public streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada," was read to the Board for the first time, and,

upon motion made, duly seconded and carried it was laid over for a second reading.

The report of J. L. Finhey was presented, he being engaged to audit the City books, and

read by the Clerk and laid over for further consideration.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the
meeting adjourn until the 17th day of April, 1928, at the hour of 7:30 O'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 17, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of April, 1928, at the hour of 7:30 O'Clock
P.M. Present; His Honor, J.F. Hesse; Commissioners W.B. Mundy, and W.C. German, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Roy Neagle, and O.J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys collected by
the City Clerk, Municipal Judge, and Plumbing Inspector, for licenses, fines and fees, respectively
totaling $1,367.75, be apportioned as follows; to-wit: The sum of $993.00 to the general fund;
the sum of $330.50 to the Police and Fire Fund; and the sum of $44.25 to the Water, Sewer and
Light Fund.

After discussion of ways and means of establishing a Municipal Air Port in this City,

This meeting was adjourned upon motion, duly made and carried, until the 18th day of April
1928, at the hour of 7:30 O'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 8, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 18th day of April, 1928, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M.

Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O.J. Smith, W.B. Mundy, and W.C. Ger-
man, together with the City Attorney and Clark. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following Resolution
was duly adopted: 

         WHEREAS, it is deemed for the best interest of the City of Las Vegas, to pur-
chase the following described land. BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas enter into an
option to purchase the following described land situated within the City Limits of the City of
Las Vegas, from First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc., for the full purchase price of $8492.00
payable as follows: $3,992.00 cash down and $4500.00 with interest payable on or before June 9,
1929, with the the privilege of extensions of said option by payment of $1000.00 and interest
on or before June 9,1929; $1000.00 with interest on or before June 9, 1930; $1000.00 with int-
erest on or before June 9, 1931, all interest being at the rate of 7% per annum, such option to

bear date the 9th day of April , 1928, and in the form and on the conditions contained in the

draft thereof, as presented to this meeting; that this said option be executed on behalf of and

in the name of said City, by the Mayor, and attested by the City Clerk under the seal of said
City; that said initial payment be made as follows: $2500.00 from the publicity fund and $1492.00
from the General Fund, and that warrants be drawn on the proper funds by the proper officers of
this City in payment of the same; said land being more particularly described as follows to-wit:

All of the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4) and the Northwest Quarter (NW 1/4) of the Northeast Quarter
(NE 1/4), and the West half (W 1/2) of the Southwest Quarter (SW 1/4) of the Northeast Quarter (NE 1/4) all
in section thirty (30) Township twenty (20) South, Range sixty-one (61) East M.D.B.& M., Con-
taining 220 acres of land more or less.
Together with all water rights appurtenant to said land and acquired pursuant to applicat-
ion for permit to appropriate the public waters of the State of Nevada, serial No. 8173.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that until specific dedication to public uses of said land be
made the same be held as and deemed general property of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on the foregoing resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy and Ger-
man, and his Honor, the Mayor Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon it was by the Board ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that the City Attorney be authorized to purchase a set of Law Books known as, McQuillan's
Municipal Corporations,

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was by the Board ordered that W. C.
German, Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner, of the City of Las Vegas, be, and he hereby is,
authorized to negotiate a new contract for City lights with the Consolidated Power and
Telephone Company of the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and car-
ried that this meeting adjourn to the 21st day of April, 1928, to the hour of 3:00 o'clock,

P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. April 21, 1928.

At a regular adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of April, 1928, at the hour of 3:00 O'clock
P. M. Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A draft of proposed agreement between Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a Corporation,
first party, and Frank N. Riley, second party, regarding construction of a Tourist Hotel,
was presented to the Board, and on motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered
filed as of this date and endorsement of such filing placed thereon by the City Clerk.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted: "WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas did heretofore by deed bear-
ing date the 26th day of March A.D., 1927, re-convey to Las Vegas Land & Water Company all
the right, title and interest of said City of Las Vegas in and to those certain premises,
commonly known as the "Public Park", and more particularly described as:

The following described land, situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,



State of Nevada to-wit: Commencing at a point 80 ft. N. 28˚ 13' E. from the N.E. cor-
ner of Block 33, at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown on



map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence N. 61˚ 47' W. 1060 ft.; thence

N. 28˚ 15' E. 960 ft.; thence N. 54° 47' E. 447.2ft.; thence S. 61˚ 47' E. 860 ft.;

thence S. 28˚ 15' W. 1360 ft. to the place of beginning, excepting and excluding
therefrom .667 acres in conflict with Buck's Addition, and comprising a net area
of 31.510 acres, exclusive of said conflict,

and which said re-conveyance was made under and pursuant to a Resolution duly adopted by
the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas at an adjourned regular meeting
of said Board, held at Las Vegas, Nevada on the 16th day of February, 1927, and

WHEREAS, said reconveyance was authorized to facilitate and make possible the construct-
ion and operation of a tourist hotel under and by virtue of a written agreement bearing date
the 9th day of February, 1927, made between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, as party of
the first part therein, and A. L. Richmond, as party of the second part therein, and,

WHEREAS, the said agreement between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said A.L.
Richmond has heretofore become null and void and of no further force or effect by reason of
the failure of the said A. L. Richmond to perform the terms and conditions of said last 
mentioned agreement, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that said Las Vegas Land & Water Company is about to
enter into an agreement with one Frank N. Riley (hereinafter called the "proposed agreement")
to convey to said Frank N. Riley the said "Public Park" and other lands upon the the cond-
ition that the said Frank N. Riley shall construct, fully complete and have in actual oper-
ation a first class modern tourist hotel containing not less than one hundred fifty rooms
and to cost and be reasonably worth not less that Four Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars, to-
gether with suitable adjuncts, upon a site located within three miles from the Courthouse
in the City of Las Vegas within one year from the date of the deposit of a deed of convey-
ance of said "Public Park" and said other lands in the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nev-
ada, Inc., at Las Vegas, Nevada, all as is more fully set forth in said proposed agreement,

a draft of which has been presented to this Board and is on file with said City, and

WHEREAS, under the terms of that certain written agreement, bearing date the 16th day
of February, 1927, made between the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, as party of the
first part, and said City of Las Vegas, as party of the second part, pursuant to a Reso-
lution duly adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas at said
adjourned regular meeting of February 16, 1927, (which said agreement was amended by an
agreement between the same parties in writing bearing date the 10th day of May, 1927, and
further amended by an agreement in writing between the same parties bearing date the 18th
day of August, 1927, said amendments extending the time of the performance by said A. L.
Richmond of his said contract with said Las Vegas Land & Water Company) the said City of
Las VegaS is entitled, upon its request, to have said "Public Park" re-conveyed to it by
said Las Vegas Land & Water Company in trust for park purposes, and,

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board and is so found and determined by this Board that
the construction and operation of said hotel and adjuncts under said proposed agreement
will be advantageous to said City and its citizens, and that the conveyance by said Las
Vegas Land & Water Company of said "Public Park" and said other lands is necessary in or-
der to facilitate and make possible the consummation of said proposed agreement and the
construction and operation of said hotel and adjucts,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that said City of Las Vegas, acting by and through
its Mayor and City Clerk, under the hand of said Mayor, attested by said City Clerk under
the seal of said City, enter into an agreement with said Las Vegas Land & Water Company
in the words and figures following:

"THIS AGREEMENT, made and entered into in duplicate this ________day of ____________,

1928,	by and between LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER COMPANY, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, with its principal office and
place of business at the City of Las Vegas, said State, the party of the first part, and
the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation of the State of Nevada, the party of the
second part, WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, a certain written agreement was made and entered into between the parties
hereto , bearing date the 16th day of February, 1927, and which said agreement was sub-
sequently amended by agreements in writing between the parties hereto of dates the 10th
day of May, 1927 and the 18th day of August, 1927, respectively, and

WHEREAS, the said agreement of date the 9th day of February, 1927, between Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, as first party, and A. L. Richmond, as second party, mentioned in
said original and amended agreements hereinabove referred to, has terminated and become void
and of no further force or effect, and

WHEREAS, the said City of Las Vegas is entitled, upon its request, to a re-conveyance
from the said Las Vegas Land & Water company of the "Public Park" as mentioned in said agree-
ment and amendments between the parties hereto, in trust for public park purposes, and

WHEREAS, THE PARTY OF THE FIRST PART HEREIN IS ABOUT TO ENTER into an agreement with
one Frank N. Riley, of Los Angeles, California, to convey to said to said Frank N. Riley
the said "Public Park" and other lands upon the condition that said Frank N. Riley shall
construct, fully complete and have in actual operation a first class modern tourist hotel
containing not less that one hundred fifty rooms and to cost and be reasonably worth not

less than $450,000 together with suitable adjuncts upon a site located within three miles

from the court house in the City of Las Vegas, within one year from the deposit of a deed
of conveyance of said "Public Park" and said other lands in the First State Bank of Las
Vegas, Nevada, Inc., at Las Vegas, Nevada, all as is more fully set forth in said prop-
osed agreement (which is hereinafter called the "proposed agreement"), a draft of which
has been presented to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and is on file
with said City, and which said proposed agreement is incorporate herein by reference, and

WHEREAS, it is desired by the parties hereto to provide for the recission of the said

agreement of date February 16, 1927, and said amendments thereto of date May 10, 1927, and
Aug. 18, 1927, and to substitute in lieu thereof the present agreement, predicated upon the
basis of said proposed agreement between the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said
Frank N. Riley, and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at an adjourned reg-
ular meeting thereof, held on the 21st day of April, 1928, has by resolution duly adopted
by said Board, authorized the execution of this agreement on behalf of the City of Las
Vegas, a copy of which said Resolution is attached hereto, marked Exhibit "A" and made a
part thereof,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and under and by virtue of the terms
of said Resolution "Exhibit A" it is hereby mutually agreed between the parties hereto, as
follows, to-wit:

1. That if the said proposed agreement between the said Las Vegas Land & Water Comp-
any, in the form presented to the Board of City Commissioners of said City and now on file
with said City of Las Vegas shall be duly executed by the parties thereto and a signed
copy thereof filed with the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas within thirty
days from the date thereof, then and in that event the said agreement of February 16, 1927,
and the said amendments thereto of date May 10, 1927, and Aug, 18, 1927, shall ipso facto
become rescinded and of no further force and effect, and the following terms of this agree-
ment shall at once become operative, to-wit:

(a)	If the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company shall within thirty days after the date
of said proposed agreement, when executed, between it and said Frank N. Riley, which
shall be the date of the execution thereof, furnish the said Frank N. Riley an abst-
ract of title provided for therein and the said Frank N. Riley shall reject the title
shown thereby or fails to accept said title within the time therein provided for the
acceptance or rejection thereof, then and in that event the said party of the first
part herein shall, upon the request of the City of Las Vegas, acting by and through
its Board of City Commissioners, re-convey said "Public Park" and the whole thereof
to said City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

(b) If the said las Vegas Land & Water Company shall furnish said abstract of title,
and the title is accepted by the said Frank N. Riley within the time provided for in
said proposed agreement and shall deposit in escrow the said bond or cash or bonds
of the United States of America a provided for in paragraph numbered "1" on page
2 of said proposed agreement and under the conditions therein contained, but shall
not have commenced, within ninety days after said Las Vegas Land & Water Company
shall have deposited in escrow with said Bank the deed provided for in said prop-
osed agreement, the construction of the hotel as provided for in said proposed agree-
ment, or shall not within one year from the deposit of said deed have fully complet-
ed and have in actual operation said hotel as provided for in said proposed agree-
ment, and the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company shall have deposited in escrow
with said Bank within the time provided for in said proposed agreement the said
deed provided for in said proposed agreement, the said Las Vegas Land & Water Com-
pany shall upon the request of the City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its
Board of City Commissioners, re-convey said "Public Park" and the whole thereof to
said City of Las Vegas, in trust for public park purposes.

(c)	The said Las Vegas Land & Water Company shall deposit in escrow with said Bank

within thirty days after said bond or cash or United States bonds shall have been
deposited in said escrow by the said Frank N. Riley, the deed and escrow instruct-
ions, all as provided for in said proposed agreement.

(d) That if the said bond or cash or United States bonds are deposited in said Bank
in escrow as provided for in said proposed agreement, and in the event of the breach
of the conditions of said proposed contract, as executed, giving rise to a cause of
action on said bond or the recovery of said cash or United States Bonds, or any
part thereof, in favor of said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, then and in that event

one-sixth of the net amount recovered in any suit upon said bond or any amount equal to

one-sixth of said cash or United States Bonds, or any part thereof, or of damages in
lieu thereof, shall upon its recovery by the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, be
paid by it to the City of Las Vegas.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the said party of the first part, acting through its_________________________

and ________________________________,thereunto duly authorized, and said party of the second

part acting by and through it Mayor and City Clerk, thereunto duly authorized, have hereunto
set their respective corporate names and seals the day and year first above written.

LAS VEGAS LAND & WATER COMPANY

BY...........................

ITS..........................

Attest:.........................

Its Secretary.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF

NEVADA.

BY......................................

Its Mayor.

ATTEST:.........................

City Clerk."

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT THE FOREGOING Agreement be executed, if at all, within
thirty days from the 20th of April, 1928.

The vote on the resolution was as follows: Commissioners, Smith, Mundy, German, and his
honor, the Mayor Hesse, aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and car-
ried that this meeting adjourn
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 3, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 3rd day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, togeth-
er with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

All claims allowed as shown in the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Reports of City officers for the Month of April, 1928, read and approved and ordered placed
on file in the office of the Clerk

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was ordered that the
moneys collected by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge during the month of April, 1928, for lic-
enses and fines, totaling 2616.50, be apportioned as follows, to wit: The sum of $1962.35 to the
Police and Fire Fund and the sum of $654.15 to the General Fund; further ordered that the sum of
$47.50 collected by the Plumbing Inspector for plumbing and sewer permit fees be placed in the
Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolution
was adopted:

RESOLVED, that the plat of the Subdivision of Block "J", Park Place Addition to

the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, heretofore submitted to this Board and by this

Board submitted to the City Planning Commission, and having received the approval of said

City Planning Commission, be and the same is hereby approved and the Mayor is hereby auth-
orized and directed to execute on behalf of the City the approval of said map.

The vote on said resolution was unanimously favorable

A proposed ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 27 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled " An Ordinance fixing the fire limits of the City of Las Vegas, re-
gulating building construction and the keeping and storage of combustibles and explosives'".,
was read for the second time, and, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner
Smith was adopted and approved and given the number 130. Vote on said ordinance was as follows:
Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned upon motion, duly carried, until
Tuesday, the 8th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 8, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C.
German, and the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was ordered that the
Mayor and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas be authorized and directed to go to the City of
Reno, Nevada, and study the legal, engineering and practical problems connected with street pav-
ing in the State of Nevada; further ordered that all traveling expenses incurred by said Mayor
and City Attorney by paid by said City of Las Vegas. The vote was as follows: Commissioners

Smith, Mundy and German and His Honor, the Mayor, Aye. Noes, none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 14, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 14th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present:
Hid Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C. German, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



A draft of an ordinance entitled " An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grad-
ing for and constructing oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain
streets and portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improve-
ments; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment
upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according to

benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are re-

quired to be paid from the General Fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of 
special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof

and other matters relating thereto.", was read for the first time, and, upon motion duly made,

seconded and carried, was laid over for a second reading.

At this time a written report of estimates on the expense of a proposed pavement and curb 
improvement and plat thereof, designated as Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improve-
ment, heretofore directed to be proposed was presented by the Mayor, and upon motion, duly made,
seconded and carried the said estimate and plat were approved and ordered filed in the office of
the City Clerk for public examination.

Thereupon, a form of notice in connection with said proposed Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement
and Curb Street Improvement was presented by the City Attorney to the Board. Thereupon, on mo-
tion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and duly carried, the following pre-
ambles and resolution were duly adopted:

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VERAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 11, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Pre-
sent His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners Mundy and German, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners Smith and Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board was engaged in discussing the paving of streets in this City.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn until Monday, the 14th day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

After discussion of street paving problems, this meeting was adjourned until Friday, the 11th
day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
WHEREAS, estimates of the expense of the proposed Las Vegas Special
1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement, and plat thereof, have been ap-
proved and filed with this Board for public examination, and

WHEREAS, it is contemplated that the expenses of such improvement are
to be defrayed by special assessment,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the following notice be signed by
the Mayor and attested by the Clerk with the seal of the City affixed there-
to, and that notice be given of the approval and filing of such estimates
and plat and of the proposed improvement, or work, of the location of the
improvement, and of the district to be assessed, by the publication of such
notice for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, and by posting notices of the same in
at least three public places in the one ward embracing said City, and also
by posting a notice in or near the post office of the City, and posting not
tices in at least three public places near the site of said proposed work;
that said notices shall state the time and place when and where the Board
will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by
parties in interest to the proposed improvements, which is hereby fixed at
the Council Room of this Board in the County Court House in said City of
Las Vegas at the hour of three o'clock P. M. on the 31st day of May, 1928;
said notice being in words and figures as follows:

NOTICE OF PROPOSED PAVEMENT, AND CURB IMPROVEMENTS, IN THE CITY OF.

LAS VEGAS.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, hereby give notice to all parties concerned and interested, and es-
pecially to those parties owning property in the district hereinafter desig-
nated to be assessed; that the said Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas intends to grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavements and hy-
draulic cement concrete curbs upon those certain streets and portions of st-
reets hereinafter designated in accordance with plats, diagrams and estimates
prepared on behalf of said City of Las Vegas and on file in the office of the
City Clerk for public examination.

The streets and portions of streets on which said improvement is to be
done and the location of the work to be done, follows:

To grade for and construct oil bound gravel pavements, fifty feet wide,
and hydraulic cement concrete curb, on the following streets and portions of
streets in said City of Las Vegas:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE.

First Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

First Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Second Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Second Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street,

Third Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Third Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fourth Street, from Stewart Street, to Fremont Street.

Fourth Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fifth Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Ogden Street, from Main Street to the easterly limit of Fifth Street.
Carson Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bridger Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

IN HAWKINS ADDITION.

Ogden Street, from Fifth Street to the alley running northerly
and southerly through Blocks 1 and 2 in said Hawkins Addition.

Fremont Street, from Fifth Street to the easterly limit of said
Hawkins Addition crossing said Fremont Street.

Sixth Street, from alley running easterly and westerly through
Blocks 2 and 7 in said Hawkins Addition to the alley running
easterly and westerly through Blocks 3 and 6 in said Hawkins Addition.
IN BUCK'S SUBDIVISION

Fremont Street, from the westerly limit of said Buck's Subdivision cross-
ing said Fremont Street, to Eighth Street.

Seventh Street, from the northerly line of lot 5 in Block 3 and the
northerly line of lot 5 in Block 12 in said Buck's Subdivision to the
alley running easterly and westerly through Block 6 of Hawkins Addition
to the West side of said Seventh Street and to the South line of the
North half of lot 3 in Block 13 of said Buck's Subdivision on the east
side of said Seventh Street.

That all the costs and expense of laying and constructing said oil bound
gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs and gutters, is to
be defrayed by special assessment, to be made according to benefits, up-
on the taxable lots and premises situate in the Special assessment dist-
rict composed of the following lands. to-wit:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE.

All lots in Blocks 1 (except lots 1 to 8, both numbers inclusive), 2 (ex-
cept lots 9 to 16, both numbers inclusive) 3,4,5, (except lots 9 to 16,
both numbers inclusive), 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 28, 29,

30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, and 37 ( the latter being Grammar School Block).

IN HAWKINS ADDITION.

Blocks 1 (except lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive), 2, (except lots
25 to 32, both numbers inclusive) 3 (except lots 15 to 30, both numbers
inclusive) 6, (except lots 15 to 30, both numbers inclusive), and 7 (ex-
cept lots 1 to 8, both numbers inclusive).

IN BUCK'S SUBDIVISION.

Blocks 3 (except lots 1 to 4, both numbers inclusive, and lot C), 12 (ex-
cept lots 1 to 4, both numbers inclusive, and lots 13 to 16, both numbers
inclusive), except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, a certain
portions thereof are required to be paid from the General Fund of the
City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby gives notice that

A.D.,

on Thursday, the 31st day of May, 1928, at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M., in the
Council Room (also known as Room of County Commissioners), at the County Court
House, in the City of Las Vegas, it will hold a meeting for the purpose of 
considering any suggestions or objections that may be made by parties interested
with respect to the proposed improvements.

PASSED AND ADOPTED this 14th day of May, A. D., 1928.

J. F. HESSE

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

Wm. L. Scott,

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

(SEAL)

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned upon motion, duly

made seconded, and carried, until Tuesday, the 22nd day of May, at the hour
of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS.

VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 22, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioner W. B. Mundy and W. C. Ger-
man, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent Commissioner Roy Neagle and O. J.
Smith.

- Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

	RESOLUTION:

WHEREAS, by resolution duly adopted by this Board at an adjourned regular meeting there-
of held at the Council Room thereof in the City of Las Vegas, on, the 21st day of April, 1928,
the Mayor and City Clerk were duly authorized to execute on behalf of the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, an agreement with Las Vegas Land & Water Company, in the
form set forth in said resolution, the same to be executed within thirty (30) days from the
20th day of April, 1928, and

WHEREAS, the said agreement was within the time provided in said resolution duly exe-
cuted by the parties thereto, and

WHEREAS, one of the conditions of said agreement was that if the proposed agreement
between Las Vegas Land & Water Company and Frank N. Riley, in the form presented to the
Board of City Commissioners of the said City, and at the time of the adoption of said res-
olution being on file with said City, should be duly executed by the parties thereto and
a signed copy thereof filed with the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas within
thirty (30) days from the date of said agreement between said City of Las Vegas and said
Las Vegas Land & Water Company (the 21st day of April, 1928) then and in that event, the
agreement of February 16, 1927, and amendments thereto of date May 10, 1927, and August 18,
1927, (referred to in said resolution and agreement) should ipso facto become rescinded
and of no further forece and effect, and the provisions of subdivisions (a), (b), (c), and
(d) of said agreement should at once become operative, and

WHEREAS, the said proposed agreement between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and
said Frank N. Riley has not yet been executed by all of the parties thereto and the form
thereof has been modified to provide not only for the construction of a first class, modern
tourist hotel, containing not less than one hundred fifth (150) rooms and to cost and to
be reasonably worth, including furnishings, not less than $450,000,00, but also provides that
the adjuncts should include a golf course, and that such hotel, together with suitable ad-
juncts, including the golf course, together with the furnishing, land, landscaping, etc.,
shall cost and be reasonably worth not less than $700,000.00, a draft of which said mod-
ified proposed contract has been presented to and filed with the Board on the 22nd day of
May, 1928, and to which reference is hereby had and made, and

WHEREAS, in the opinion of this Board, the proposed modifications of said proposed
contract and the said proposed form of contract as modified is of greater benefit to the
said City of Las Vegas than the original of said proposed contract, and

WHEREAS, it is to the advantage of said City to approve the said modifications and
the form of said proposed contract as modified, and to extend the time for the execution of
said proposed contract and the filing of the same as executed with the Board of Commission-
ers of said City of Las Vegas, NOW THEREFORE BE IT
RESOLVED, that the said contract as executed between the Las Vegas Land & Water Company,
as party of the first part, and the City of Las Vegas, as party of the second party, bear-
ing date the 21st day of April, 1928, be and the same is hereby ratified and approved, and
an executed copy thereof be, and the same is hereby, ordered to be filed with the Clerk of
said Board of City Commissioners.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the form of said modifications and the form of said mod-
ified proposed agreement between the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, as party of the
first part, and the said Frank N. Riley, as party of the second part, this day presented
to and filed with the Board, be and the same is hereby approved.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the date of the execution of said modified proposed con-
contract and the filing of a signed copy thereof with the Board of City Commissioners of
said City of Las Vegas, shall be, and the same is hereby extended so that the same shall be
filed with this Board within thirty (30) days from the 22nd day of May, 1928, and that such
filing shall have the same force and effect and operate under said agreement date April 21,
1928, between said Las Vegas Land & Water Company and the City of Las Vegas, as though the
said signed copy of said proposed agreement had been filed with this Board within thirty (50)
days from the said 21st day of April, 1928, and further, that the time for the performance
of the acts required by the terms of subdivisions (a), (b), and (c), of said proposed agree-
ment of April 21, 1928, to be done and performed after the execution and or filing of said
proposed contract, shall be extended accordingly.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be certified by the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, under the seal of said City, and forthwith furnished to said Las
Vegas Land & Water Company.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy and German, and His
Honor, the Mayor, Hesse, voting aye. Noes: None.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that this meeting adjourn until May 31st, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. May 31, 1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 31st day of May, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present:
His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, O. J. Smith and W. C. German, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the hearing of protests and suggestions in the matter of paving cer-
tain city streets, as had been previously set forth by notice given according to law, and it appear-
ing that the number of citizen desiring to attend this meeting was too great to be accommodated in
the Commissioners' Room, it was ordered, upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy, and duly carried, that this body adjourn to the Court House lawn.

Meeting again called to order on the Court House lawn.

Thereupon, Mr. Leo A. McNamee presented to the Board six petitions of remonstrance. Mr. James
Cashman then presented three petitions of withdrawal from petitions of remonstrance.

At request of certain citizens His Honor, the Mayor, requested Dr. Wm. S. Park, President of the
City Planning Commission, to outline to the assembled citizens the plan for paving certain streets
in the City of Las Vegas. This request was responded to by Dr. Park.
Thereupon, followed a discussion of the paving problems by the Board and assembled citizens.

Thereafter His Honor the Mayor referred the six petitions of remonstrance and the three 
petitions for withdrawal from petitions of remonstrance to the City Clerk and the City Assessor for
checking and ordered said City Clerk and said City Assessor to make a report of their findings at
an adjourned regular meeting to be held on Tuesday, the 5th day of June, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock P. M.

No further business appearing it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn until Tuesday, the 5th day of June, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, June 5, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of June, 1928, at the Hour of three o'clock P. M. Pres-
ent: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and
Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



At the direction of the Mayor the City Clerk presented and read to the Board the certificate of findings

of the City Clerk and City Assessor in cheeking the petitions of remonstrance against the paving

of certain streets in the City of Las Vegas, said certificate reading as follows:

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK )SS.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS)

WE, WM. L. SCOTT, the duly elected, qualified and acting County Clerk
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and ex-officio Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, in said County and State, and F. C. DeVINNEY, the duly elected, qualified
and acting County Assessor of said County of Clark and ex-officio Assessor of said
City of Las Vegas, being heretofore directed by the Board of City Commissioners
of said City of Las Vegas to check and report to said Board upon the attached six
(6) petitions of remonstrance, containing 227 names, and three (3) petitions for
withdrawal, containing 27 names, do hereby certify that we have examined and
checked the same and find as follows: That said petitions of remonstrance con-
tain the names of 118 persons qualified to remonstrate, after deducting 27 names
under said petitions of withdrawal and 82 names of persons representing property
outside of the district to be assessed and names not on property roll; that the
total frontage of property to be assessed is 20,540 feet; that the qualified pe-
titioners for remonstrance represent 8,753 1/3 feet and that the petitioners for
withdrawal represent 1395 5/6 feet, leaving 8,753 1/3 feet represented by the
parties remonstrating, being 1516 2/3 feet less than fifty per cent of the frontage
to be assessed.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set our hands and affixed the Seal
of the City of Las Vegas, this 4th day of June, 1928.

Wm. L. Scott, City Clerk

(SEAL)

F. C. DeVinney, City Assessor



Thereupon it was moved by Commissioner Smith that the Board accept the check made by the City
Clerk and City Assessor, with the provision that the same may be later rechecked. Seconded by
Commissioner Mundy. Carried upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and
Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Aye. Noes, none.

Upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried the fol-
lowing resolution was adopted, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and
Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

RESOLVED, that the check of frontage of property within the district to be assessed for the
paving of streets in this City and the report thereon prepared and presented by the City Clerk and
City Assessor of this City be and the same is hereby adopted, and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board finds that there is not sufficient frontage of pro-
perty represented by petitioners of remonstrance to constitute fifty per cent of the total property
to be assessed for said street paving.

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. June 7, 1928

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 7th day of June, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

- All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

All reports of City officers were read and approved.

Minutes of the previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

The Clerk presented the application of Wm. Bradley for a license to operate two gaming tables
in the City of Las Vegas to the Board, said application having been previously approved by the
Police and Fire Commissioner and the license fee of $150.00 being paid. Upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried said application was approved and allowed and the Clerk directed to issue the
license.

The Clerk then presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of Second Street property
owners, said petition praying that second street be excluded from the assessment district now form-
ed for the paving of certain city streets. Said petition was referred to the City Attorney, who
ruled that said petition was filed too late and could not be considered.

Communications from the City Planning Commission and the Chamber of Commerce urging the passage
of the proposed paving ordinance were read and ordered filed.

A certain newspaper article bearing on the paving question was presented by Commissioner Ger-
man and read to the Board by the Clerk. The same was ordered filed.

Thereupon, Commissioner Smith moved as follows: That the proposed paving ordinance be laid over
until June 21, 1928; that a committee be formed,   composed of one member to be appointed by
the City Planning Commission, one member to be appointed by the Chamber of Commerce, two members
to be appointed from among the protestants against street paving, said committee to select a fifth
neutral member; that said committee, and the City Clerk, with the assistance of the City Attorney, write to the High-
way Departments of various states and cities for data on the oil bound gravel type of pavement;
that said committee and the City Clerk report to this Board at the adjourned meeting to be held on
June 21st. Motion seconded by Commissioner Neagle and carried upon the following vote: Commis-
sioners Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Noes, None.

George Hardman appeared on behalf of the Clark County Farm Bureau and requested this Board to
assist in the work of controlling the growth of puncture vine, whereupon, it was ordered upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried that the sum of $50.00 be appropriated to said Clark County Farm Bu-
reau for use in combatting the spread of puncture vine.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys collected by the
City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector, totaling $1240.00, be apportioned as follows:
the sum of $804.00 to the Police and Fire Fund, the sum of $402.00 to the General Fund and the sum
of $34.00 to the Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that this
meeting adjourn until the 21st day of June, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, June 18, 1928.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, held on the 18th day of June, 1928, at the hour of one o'clock P. M. Present:
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy
Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At the special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, the Clerk read the following
call for special meeting to the Board of City Commissioners, and Notice of Special meeting to the
Board of City Commissioners:

Las Vegas, Nevada June 18, 1928.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Council Room of said Board at
the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada, on Monday the 18th day of
June, 1928 at the hour of one o'clock P. M. to act upon the resignation
of R. E. Lake, Jr., as City Marshal, heretofore tendered to said Board;
to consider and act upon the matter of the appointment of a successor
to such office; to transact such other business as may rightfully come
before the Board. You are hereby directed to give notice of such meet-
ing in pursuance to this call.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

To J. F. Hesse, Mayor and to W. C. German, LeRoy Neagle, O. J. Smith and W. B. Mundy,
Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas.	

Pursuant to a call this issued by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, you
are hereby notified that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will be held at the
Council Room of said Board at the County Court House at Las Vegas, Nevada on
Monday the 18th day of June, 1928 at the hour of one o'clock P. M. to act upon

the resignation of R. E. Lake, Jr., as City Marshal, heretofore tendered to
said Board; to consider and act upon the matter of the appointment of a success-
or to such office; to transact such other business as may rightfully come before
the Board.

WITNESS my hand and the seal of said City this 18th day of June, 1928.

WM. L. SCOTT

CITY CLERK.

(SEAL)

We, the undersigned, being Mayor and City Commissioners, respectively,
of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby acknowledge due service of the foregoing
notice this 18th day of June, 1928.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor.

O. J. Smith

W. B. Mundy

LeRoy Neagle

W. C. German

Commissioners.

Thereupon the Clerk read the following letter of resignation of said Marshall to the

Board:

Las Vegas, Nevada.

	June 18, 1928.

To the Mayor and City Council
of the City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

I do hereby most respectfully tender to you my resignation as Chief of
Police of the City of Las Vegas, such resignation to become effective upon the
acceptance. In tendering my resignation I am doing so with the full knowledge
that I am entirely free from all legal and moral culpability or blame for the
unfortunate homicide that occurred on the evening of the 16th instant, while
I was engaged in the performance of my duty as a Police Officer, the reason for
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, JUNE 22, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of June, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M. Present: His honor the Mayor, J. E. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C.
German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the following letter from the South Nevada Land and 
Development Company:

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. JUNE 21, 1928

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of June, 1928, at the hour of Three o'clock P. M.
Present: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith. W. B. Mundy and W. C. Ger-
man, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Mr. W. E. Ferron, a member of the committee previously appointed to investigate the oil bound
gravel type of pavement, made an oral report of the findings of the committee.

After discussion of the report, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,
that this meeting adjourn until the 22nd day of June, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

for my resignation being solely that I may thereby relieve the City administration of any possible 
embarrassment which might be occasioned by my continuance in office under the unfort-
unate circumstances existing.

Respectfully submitted,

R. E. Lake, Jr.

Chief of Police.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner, German, the resignation
of R. E. Lake Jr., as said Marshal of the City of Las Vegas, was accepted, the vote being as
follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German and his Honor, the Mayor Hesse, aye. Noes, None.

The Clerk then read the following letter to the Board:

June 18, 1928.

Mr. W. L, Scott, Clerk,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir:

Effective at once please remove our names as Bondsman for R. E.

Lake, Jr., employed by the City of Las Vegas as City Marshall, and sur-
render bond signed by us.

Your very truly,

W. H. Pike
E. W. Cragin
By: E. W. Cragin.

This letter was ordered filed.

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned.
Las Vegas, Nevada

	June, 21, 1928.

To the Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

It is the desire of the undersigned to supply water to lots numbers
three to fourteen inclusive in Block seven of the Wardie Addition to your
City through a two or three inch cast iron main from a tap in the present
four inch main running through the alleys in Block six of Wardie Addition	

and five of Hawkins Addition, the said tap to be located on the northerly
side of Bridger Street near the property line and the said proposed main
to run along the northerly side of Bridger Street to the alley in the said
Block seven Wardie Addition and thence in a northerly direction in the said
alley in Block seven of Wardie Addition a distance of one hundred feet.

It is impractical, at the present tie to supply water to these
lots through standard mains in the usual way without undue cost and expense
and we, therefore, ask your permission to extend the main in the above mention-
ed manner.

We will place the main at any reasonable depth which may be specified
in your permit.

Thanking you in advance for your consideration of the matter, we are,

Very truly yours,

SOUTH NEVADA LAND & DEVELOPMENT CO,,

BY: H. D. Buzick

Resident Agent.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Lundy, and unanimously car-
ried, it was ordered that the said South Nevada Land & Development Co. be permitted to make the
said extensions in their water mains, as requested.

The following Resolution was then presented to the Board:

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on the 7th
day of December, 1921 granted a Permit to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water
mains and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper applicance used in con-
nection therewith or appurtenant thereto in, through, over, across, under or along certain streets
and alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for the purpose of supplying the inhabit-
ants of Hawkins Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water, to W. E. Hawkins, which said permit
was with the permission of said Board assigned by said W. E. Hawkins to Hawkins Land & Water Com-
pany, a corporation, and

WHEREAS, said permit provided that the permittee shall not be entitled to assign said
permit or any rights thereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City, first had and obtained in writing, except that permission is thereby granted to said permittee 
to assign said permit to Hawkins Land & Water Company, a Nevada corporation, it being further
provided that in the event of such assignment the said provision against assignment without writ-
ten consent shall thereafter apply to said corporation, Hawkins Land & Water Company, and

WHEREAS, said Hawkins Land & Water Company has requested this Board for permission and
consent to assign said permit to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and

WHEREAS, the said Board of City Commissioners on the 7th day of October, 1926 granted
a permit to Hawkins Land & Water Company to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water
mains and connections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper applicances used in con-
nection therewith or appurtenant thereto in, through, over, across, under or along certain streets
and alleys in. the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the 
inhabitants of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water and,

WHEREAS, said permit provides that said permittee shall not be entitled to assign said
permit or any right thereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City, first had and obtained in writing, and,

WHEREAS, said Hawkins Land & Water Company has petitioned the Board for its consent and
permission to assign said permits to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and

WHEREAS, it appears that it will be for the best interest of said City to grant said
consent and permission,

NOW, THEREFORE be it



RESOLVED: That permission is hereby granted to Hawkins Land and Water Company, a
corporation of the State of Nevada, to assign to Las Vegas Land and Water Company,
a corporation of the State of Nevada, the permits hereinabove described, and here-
tofore granted subject, however, to all of the terms and conditions of said permits
respectively, and provided, however, that this permission and consent shall not be
a waiver of the provisions in said permits against assignment without written con-
sent, and in the event of such assignments the provisions contained in said permits
against assignment without written consent shall thereafter apply to said Las Vegas
Land and Water Company, a corporation, and be it further

RESOLVED: That a formal consent of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, be executed by the Mayor and attested by the City Clerk under the
Seal of said City, and delivered to Las Vegas Land and Water Company.

Upon motion of Commissioner, Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, the foregoing Resolution
was adopted.

The vote being as follows: Commissioners, Smith, Mundy and German, and His Honor, the Mayor
Hesse, aye. Noes, None.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Resolved, that proposed Ordinance entitled:" An Ordinance declaring the determination of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Ve-
gas by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs
on certain streets and portions of streets in said City: describing definitely the location of said
improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assess-
ment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according
to benefits, except where, by the charter of the City of Las Vegas, certain portions thereof are
required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas: providing for the issuance of
special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof,
and other matters relating thereto, be amended as follows:

That, that portion of Section 1 of said proposed Ordinance reading as follows:

"IN HAWKINS ADDITION"

Ogden street, from Fifth Street to the alley running Northerly and Southerly through
Blocks 1 and 2, in said Hawkins Addition. Fremont Street from Fifth Street to the Easterly limit
of said Hawkins Addition crossing said Fremont Street. Sixth Street, from alley running Easterly
and Westerly through Blocks 2 and 7 in said Hawkins Addition to the alley running Easternly and
Westerly through Blocks 3 and 6, in said Hawkins Addition". Be amended to read as follows:

"IN HAWKINS ADDITION"

Ogden Street, from Fifth Street to the alley running Northerly and Southerly through Blocks 1 and
2 in said Hawkins Addition. Fremont Street, from Fifth Street to the Easterly limit of said Haw-
kins Addition crossing said Fremont Street."

That, that portion of Section 1 of said proposed Ordinance, reading as follows:

" IN BUCK'S SUBDIVISION."

Fremont Street, from the Westerly limit of said Buck's Subdivision crossing said Fremont
Street, to Eighth Street. Seventh Street, from the Northerly line of lot 5 in Block 3 and the
Northerly line of lot 5 in Block 12 in said Buck's Subdivision to the alley running Easterly and
Westerly through Block 6 of Hawkins Addition on the West side of said Seventh Street and to the
South line of the North half of lot 3 in Block 13 of said Buck's Subdivision on the East side of
said Seventh Street." Be amended to read as follows:
" IN BUCK'S SUBDIVISION"

Fremont Street, from the Westerly limit of said Buck's subdivision crossing said
Fremont Street, to Eighth Street."

That, that portion of Section 20 of said proposed Ordinance, reading as follows:

"IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE"

All lots in Blocks 1 (except lots 1 to 6, both numbers inclusive), 2 (except lots 9 to 16, both
numbers inclusive(, 5,4,5 (except lots 9 to 16, both numbers inclusive), 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17;
18,19,20, 21,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35,36, and 37 (the latter being Grammar School Block)" be
amended to read as follows:

"IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE,

All lots in Block 1 (except lots 1 to 8, both numbers inclusive( 2 (except lots 9 to 16, both
numbers inclusive) 3 (except lots 1 to 8 both numbers inclusive) 4,5 (except lots 9 to 16, both
numbers inclusive), 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36,
and 37 (the latter being Grammar School Block)".

That, that portion of Section 2 of said proposed Ordinance, reading as follows:

"IN HAWKINS ADDITION, 

Blocks 1 (except lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive) 2 (except lots 25 to 32, both numbers in-
clusive), 3 (except lots 15 to 30, both numbers inclusive), 6 (except lots 15 to 50, both num-
bers inclusive 9, and 7 (except lots 1 to 8, both numbers inclusive)" be amended to read as fol-
lows:

"IN HANKINS ADDITION,

Blocks 1 (except lots 17 to 32, both numbers inclusive) 2 (except lots 23 to 52, both numbers
inclusive), 3 except lots 13 to 32, both numbers inclusive), 6 (except lots 13 to 32, both num-
bers inclusive(, and 7 (except lots 1 to 10, both numbers inclusive.")

That that portion of Section 2 of said proposed Ordinance, reading as follows:

" IN BUCK'S SUBDIVISION,

Block 3 (except lots 1 to 4, both numbers inclusive, and lot C), 12 (except lots 1 to 4, both num-
bers inclusive, and lots 13 to 16, both numbers inclusive), be amended to read as follows:

"IN BUCK'S SUBDIVISION,

Block 3 (except lots 1 to 4, inclusive, and lot C.), 12 (except lots 1 to 4, both numbers inclus-
ive) and lots 13 to 16, both numbers inclusive, and Block 13 (except lots 5 to 9, both numbers
inclusive. That certain triangular unplatted tract of land at the Sw corner of said Block No. 13

That said amendments hereby directed be inserted and engrossed in said proposed Ordinance 



by the City Clerk for final action thereon and that this be considered the first reading of said Ordinance



 as amended after reading same. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith,
Mundy, and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon said Ordinance as amended was read in full to the meeting.

No further business appearing it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and car-
ried that this meeting adjourn.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 5, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 5th day of July, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock p. m. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Minutes of previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

Thereupon, the proposed Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las
Vegas by grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete
curbs on certain streets and portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location
of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special
assessment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according
to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are re-
quired to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of sp-
ecial assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and
other matters relating thereto," as amended, was read for the second time. Upon motion of Commiss-
ioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, said Ordinance was duly passed and adopted, and order-
ed published one week, three issues, in the Las Vegas Review, a newspaper of general circulation,
published in the City of Las Vegas; further ordered that said Ordinance be designated as Ordinance
No. 131. The vote on the foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, and Neagle,
and His Honor the Mayor, Aye. Commissioner, German, No.

The Clerk thereupon presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of owners of property
on 5th Street, City of Las Vegas, said petition praying that the City pave the entire width of said
5th Street at the time the central strip of paving on said 5th Street by the said highway Department.
Said petition was referred to the City Clerk for checking, said City Clerk to ascertain whether or
not the petition represented more than 50% of the property owners of 5th Street.

letter from the local Chamber of Commerce requesting the Board of City Commissioners to take
the necessary steps for the paving of Main street, in this City, was read to the Board and ordered
filed.

The Clerk then presented the following Resolution to the Board:

WHEREAS the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 4th day of October,

1921 granted a Permit to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains and con—

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY ON LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 2, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the second day of July, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners Smith, Mundy and Neagle, together with the City



Attorney and Clerk; Commissioner W. C. German being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk read all the replies to letters sent out by him and by other interested
parties relative to the oil bound type of pavement.

After general discussion of the paving question the meeting was adjourned, upon motion.
nections and laterals thereto, and all necessary and proper applicances used in connection there-
with or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over across, under or along certain streets and alleys
of Buck s Subdivision of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for the purpose of supplying
the said Subdivision and its inhabitants with water, to S. W. CRANER, and

WHEREAS, said permit provided that the permittee shall not be entitled to assign said permit or
any rights thereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City, first
had an obtained in writing, and

WHEREAS, said S. W. CRANER has requested this Board for permission and consent to assign said
permit to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and

WHEREAS, it appears that it will be for the best interest of said City to grant said consent
and permission,

NOW, THEREFORE be it		

RESOLVED: That permission is hereby granted to S. W. Craner to assign to Las Vegas Land and
Water Company, a corporation of the State of Nevada, the permit hereinabove described, and hereto-
fore granted subject, however, to all of the terms and conditions of said permit and provided, how-
ever, that this permission and consent shall not be a waiver of the provisions in said permit again-
st assignment without written consent, and in the event of such assignment the provisions contained
in said permit against assignment without written consent shall thereafter apply to said Las Vegas
Land and water Company, a corporation, be it further

RESOLVED: That a formal consent of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
be executed by the Mayor and attested by the City Clerk under the seal of said City, and delivered to
Las Vegas Land and Water Company.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, said Resolution was adopted,

The vote being as follows: Commissioners , Smith, Mundy, German and Neagle, and His Honor the
Mayor, Hesse, aye. Noes, None.

The Clerk then presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the operation of
two gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the lic-
ense be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the operation of
two gaming table, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly, made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the lic-
ense be issued.

The Clerk then presented the application of Wm. Bradley for a license for the operation of two
gaming tables, the fee of $150.00 being paid and said application being approved by the Police and
Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the license be
issued.

Upon notion duly made seconded and carried, it was ordered that the moneys collected by City
Clerk and municipal Judge for fines and licenses to the amount of $787.00, be apportioned as fol-
lows to-wit: the sum of $672.20 for Police and Fire Fund, and the sum of $314.80 for the General
Fund; further ordered that the sum of $60,00 collected by the Plumbing Inspector for Plumbing permits
be placed in the Water Sewer and Light Fund.

No further business appearing it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that
this meeting adjourn to Thursday, July 12, 1928, at the hour of three o clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. July 12, 1928.

At an adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 12th day of July, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor; Commissioners Mundy and German, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk; Commissioners Neagle and Smith being absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A draft of an Ordinance entitled: " An ordinance to regulate the construction, equipment and
appliances of buildings and premises used for theatrical and motion, picture exhibitions, and to
regulate the operation of such equipment and appliances, and to repeal all ordinances and parts
of ordinances in conflict herewith," was read for the first time and upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried, it was laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing the meeting was adjourned 

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. August 2, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 2nd day of August, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German together with the City
Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and LeRoy Neagle.

	Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

Minutes of previous regular and adjourned meetings read and approved.

Owing to the absence of Commissioner Smith, Street Commissioner, His Honor, the Mayor, appoint-

ed Commissioner. Mundy to audit

the Street department bills, and the Mayor also appointed Commissioner German to audit the

Police and Fire Department bills, owing to the absence of Commissioner Neagle.

Thereupon a proposed ordinance entitled " An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Twelve Thousand Dollars ($12,000.00), to pro-
vide funds for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of
Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction
of Oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs upon interior squares or spaces
formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said
City or public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those certain imp-
rovements authorized and determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City
of Las Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known
as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds, Series A," and providing for
the payment of the principal and interest of said bonds and other matters relating thereto," was
read for the first time. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried it was laid over for a
second reading.
On motion duly made, seconded and carried the following Preambles and Resolution were
duly adopted:

Whereas, it appears from the estimates of the dost of estimates of the cost of Las Vegas
Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement, on file with the City Clerk, which improve-
ments have been ordered under the terms of Ordinance No. 131 of the City of Las Vegas, approv-
ed July 5, 1928, that the cost of the grading for the construction of the oil bound gravel pave-
ments and hydraulic concrete curbs upon the interior squares or spaces formed by the intersec-
tion of streets and spaces opposite alleyas and where land belonging to the City or public
ground not taxable abut on such improvements will be in the sum of $9,465.15, or more, and
that it will be necessary to issue general bonds of the City of Las Vegas to defray the portion
of such costs and expenses as may be determined by this board to be stood and borne by said
City,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that in the opinion of this board Twelve Thousand Dollars
($12,000.00) of the cost thereof is justly apportionable to such public grounds, and City pro-
perty, and to interior squares or space formed by the intersection of streets where the abutting
property is taxable, and that such cost up the to the sum of $10,000 be paid from a district
street fund to be raised by the sale of general bonds of the City in the par value of $10,000,
and that the balance of such cost and expense be assessed upon all the land included in the
special assessment district, as defined by said Ordinance No. 131, in proportion to the esti-
mated benefits resulting thereto from the improvement.

It was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the moneys collected by
the City Clerk, Municipal Judge, and Plumbing Inspector, for licences, fines and Plumbing
inspection fees, totaling $2,371.75, be apportioned as follows, the sum of $23.23 to the Water
Sewer and Light Fund, the sum of $1782.85 to the General Fund and the, sum of $565.65, to the
Police and Fire Fund; further ordered that the sum of $1,000.00 be transferred from the General
Fund to the Water Sewer and Light Fund.

No further business occurring it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that a recess be declared, until Monday the 6th day of July, 1928 , at the hour of three o'clock
P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA. August 13, 1928.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, held on the 13 day of August, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. Present: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk then read the following call for a special meeting.

Las Vegas, Nev. Aug. 13, 1928.

To Wm. L. Scott,

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas and
Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners
of said City.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to meet at the council room of said Board on Monday, the 13th day
of August, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. on said last mentioned date to
consider and act upon a modification of the contract heretofore entered into with
Las Vegas Land & Water Company and said City with reference to the City Park or
Fairgrounds. You will give notice in accordance herewith.

J. F. Hesse 

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk thereupon read the following notice of special meeting .

To J. F. Hesse, Mayor, and to
W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

LeRoy Neagle, and O. J. Smith,

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

You are hereby notified, that, upon a call issued by the Mayor of Las Vegas,

that a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will

be held in the Council Room of said Board on Monday, the 13th day of August, 1928,

at the hour of three o'clock, P. M., to consider an action upon the modification of

the contract heretofore entered into by the Las Vegas Land and Water Company and

said City of Las Vegas with reference to the City Park or Fair Grounds.

Date this 13th day of Aug., 1928.

Wm. L. Scott

City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice this
13th day of August, 1928.

 J. F. Hesse 

 O. J. Smith 

 W. C. German 

 W. B. Mundy 

 LeRoy Neagle 

Thereupon, the Board at this time was engaged in the discussion of certain phases of the various

contracts in connection with the building of the Tourist hotel, the County Commissioners attending

in a body and participating in the discussion.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
that this meeting adjourn.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

August 22nd, 1928.

	

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of August, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: Commissioner, W. B. Mundy, Mayor- protem; Commissioners Smith,

German and Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk. Absent: His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor-protem.

The Clerk then read the following call for a Special Meeting:-

	Las Vegas, Nev. Aug. 22, 1928.

"To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

Call is hereby made for a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County
Court House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on Wednesday the 22nd day of August,

1928 at the hour of three o'clock P. M. to consider and act upon the employ-
ment of an engineer in connection with the proposed street improvements, and to
transact such other business as may lawfully come before the meeting. You will 
give notice of such meeting in accordance with this call.	

W. B. MUNDY.__________________

Mayor Pro. Tem. of the City of

Las Vegas.	"

The Clerk thereupon read the following notice of Special Meeting:-

Notice of Special Meeting of
Board of City Commissioners.

"To—the Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

A call having been issued by the Mayor Pro. Tem. therefor, you are hereby
notified that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of. the City
of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court
House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on Wednesday the 22nd day of August,	

1928 at the hour of three o'clock P. M. to consider and act upon the employ-
ment of an engineer in connection with the proposed street improvements, and to
transact such other business as may lawfully come before the meeting.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 22nd day of August, 1928.

(SEAL)	WM. L. SCOTT.

City Clerk.

We the undersigned hereby acknowledge receipt of due service of the foregoing
notice and assent to the holding of the meeting at the time, place and for the
purposes therein specified, and acknowledge that Mayor J. F. Hesse is absent
from said City.

Las Vegas, Nevada Aug. 22, 1928.

W. B. MUNDY

Mayor Pro. Tem.

W. C. GERMAN

O. J. SMITH

LeROY NEAGLE

Commissioners.	"

The Clerk read to the Board a number of letters of recommendation for each
Arthur P. Slocum and C. D. Baker, both of whom had been proposed for. the position
of City Engineer for the inspection of grading and paving of city streets. After
considerable discussion, the. matter of appointment of a City Engineer was held
over until a future meeting.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly carried, that
this meeting adjourn.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 6th, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of September, 1928, at the hour of three o'
clock, P. M.

PRESENT: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners, W. C. German and O. J. Smith,
City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners LeRoy Neagle and W. B. Mundy.

	Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

His Honor, the Mayor, appointed Commissioner Smith to audit bills against the
Police and Fire Departments on account of the absence of Commissioner Neagle.

Minutes of previous session read and approved. All claims allowed as shown
by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the Clerk. City
officers reports read and approved and ordered filed in the office of the Clerk.

A draft of an ordinance entitled:

"	Ordinance No.	

An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing and Directing the Ex-Officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, To
Levy A Special Assessment To Defray the Costs Of Making Certain Improve-
ments In The City Of Las Vegas, By Grading For And Constructing Oil Bound
Gravel Pavements And Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs On Certain Streets
And Portions of Streets In Said City, According To The Plats, Diagrams
And Estimates Of Cost Thereof On File In The Office Of The City Clerk Of
The City Of Las Vegas; Describing Definitely The Location Of Said Im-
provements, Stating The Amounts of Said Assessment, And Designating The
Lots, Lands And Premises To Be Assessed According to Benefits; Providing
For the Issuance Of Special Assessment Bonds For The Payment Thereof,

And Other Matters Relating Thereto:"

was read to the Board for the first time. Upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, said Ordinance was laid over for a second reading.

A proposed ordinance entitled:

"	Ordinance No. 132

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Twelve Thousand Dollars ($12,000.00),
to provide funds for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses
determined by said Board of Commissioners to be stood and borne by the
City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of oil bound gravel
payments and hydraulic cement concrete curbs upon interior squares or
spaces formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and
where lands belonging to said City, or public ground not taxable, abut on such
improvements, in connection with those certain improvements authorized and
determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City
of Las Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor,
said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street
Improvement Bonds, Series A," and providing for the payment of the principal
and interest of said bonds, and other matters relating thereto."

was read for the second time, and upon motion duly made and seconded, was passed and
adopted, and it was further ordered that said Ordinance be numbered 132, and the
same published for three issues one week in the Las Vegas "AGE", the vote being as
follows:- Commissioners Smith, German and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, aye; Noes,
none.

It appearing to the Board that an error had been made in the Minutes of the
meeting of this Board held on August 2nd, 1928, and in the title of proposed
Ordinance No. 132, which was at said meeting read for the first time, in that the
sum of Ten Thousand Dollars was named in said Minutes and in said title of said
proposed Ordinance, and that the sum should have been $12,000.00, IT WAS ORDERED
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that the Clerk be authorized, and he
hereby is authorized to change the resolution passed and adopted at said meeting of
August 2nd, 1928, and the title of said proposed ordinance No. 132, so that the
words and figures $10,000.00 shall appear as $12,000.00.

It appearing to the Board that the practise of assigning parts of claims
against the City has become prevalent, and it appearing that the City or its
officers are not required by law to honor such part assignments, it was ordered
upon motion duly carried, that the Clerk notify all persons having claims against
the City and making such part assignments, that such part assignments will not
be honored by the City or its officers in the future.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 11th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of September, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock P. M.

PRESENT: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners LeRoy Neagle and O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Mr. C. C. Boyer, Division Highway Engineer of the State of Nevada, appeared
before the Board and presented a resolution and requested this Board to adopt the
same. Upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, said resolution
was duly passed and adopted, said resolution reading as follows:

"	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, proposes the re-
construction of Federal Aid Projects 87-A and 101-A, within the city
limits of Las Vegas, the work to consist of resurfacing the present
roadway and applying asphaltic fuel oil, mixed method, and

WHEREAS, The cost of such work has been estimated by the State Highway
Department to be Eight Thousand Two Hundred Ninety Six Dollars and
Twenty Six Cents ($8,296.26), of which the city's share will amount to

Three Thousand One Hundred Thirty Four Dollars and Eighty Seven Cents

($3,134.87).

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, That funds in the amount estimated herein

be immediately made available to the Department of Highways, State of

Nevada, for carrying on the proposed construction.

"

Thereupon, no further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, that this meeting be in recess until Thursday, the
13th day of September, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly carried, that
a recess be declared until Tuesday the 11th day of September, 1928, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 13th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 13th day of September, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: Hon. J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners LeRoy Neagle, O. J. Smith,
together with City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Moved by Commissioner Neagle that the Street Commissioner be, and he hereby is
authorized to negotiate a contract of employment with an engineer in connection with
improvements to be made under Ordinance No. 131; said contract to be submitted to this
Board for its approval before consummation, the compensation for said engineer not to
exceed 8% of the cost of said improvements. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and passed upon the following vote: Commissioners Smith and Neagle and his Honor
the Mayor Hesse, aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing, a recess was declared, upon motion duly carried,
until Tuesday the 18th day of September 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 18th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 18th day of September, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, Hesse, Commissioners O. J, Smith and LeRoy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A draft of the proposed agreement between City of Las Vegas and A. P. Slocum,
employing him as engineer in connection with Street Improvement under Ordinance No. 131
was presented and read to the meeting. A discussion of said contract was then had;
Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Neagle, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was
resolved that the form of contract as presented and read to the meeting employing
A. P. Slocum as engineer in connection with the street improvements under Ordinance
No. 131, at a basic rate of 8% of the cost of said improvements, as defined and
specified in said agreement, be, and the same is, hereby approved, and the Commissioner
of Streets and Public Property, O. J. Smith be, and is hereby authorized and directed
to execute said contract in duplicate on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and deliver
same, upon the execution thereof, the said A. P. Slocum. The vote on said
resolution was as follows: His Honor the Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Neagle,
aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the notice
calling for bids on the $12,000.00 Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improve-
ment Bonds, Series A, be published in the Las Vegas "REVIEW" once a week for four
consecutive weeks, and that a copy of such notice shall, at least three weeks prior
to the 17th day of October 1928, be mailed by the Clerk of this Board to the State
Board of Finance, Carson City, Nevada.

No further business appearing, it was ordered upon motion duly carried, that a
recess be declared until Wednesday, September 19th, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 25th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 25th day of September, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners LeRoy Neagle and
O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

On motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the receipts for
licenses and fines and plumbing fees for the month of August be divided and dis-
tributed as follows: $17.75 to the Water, Sewer and Light Fund, and $500.00 to
the Water, Sewer and Light Fund, and $423.00 to the General Fund.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 27th day of September at three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

September 19th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of September, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners LeRoy Neagle and
O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT; Commissioners W. C. German and W. B. Mundy.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Board was at this time engaged in discussion of the paving of Fifth Street
in this city.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried, that this meeting adjourn until Tuesday, the 25th day of September,
1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October Fourth, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of October, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M.

PRESENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German and Roy Neagle, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioner W. B. Mundy.

Owing to the absence of Mayor Hesse and Mayor Pro tem Mundy, Commissioner German was
appointed to act as Mayor Protem. upon motion unanimously carried.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Protem.

Minutes of the previous meetings read and approved. All claims allowed as shown
by the Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered filed in the Office of the Clerk.

The Clerk presented the application of A. T. Gilmore and J. W. Horden for a license
for the operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars
having been paid and said application having been approved by the Police and Fire
Commission, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license
be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the operation
two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars having been paid and
said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Gabriel Lopez for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) Dollars having been paid and
said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented a Plat of Lot J, Park Place Addition to the City of Las Vegas for
approval. Owing to the absence of the Mayor, it was resolved, upon unanimous vote of the
Board, that the Police and Fire Commissioner, Roy Neagle, be authorized and directed to
approve said Plat, and the City Clerk authorized and directed to attest such approval.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting recess until Monday, the 8th day of October, 1928, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 8th, 1928.

At adjourned regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of October, 1928, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C.
German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W. B. Mundy and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

In the absence of Finance Commissioner Mundy, His Honor The Mayor appointed
Commissioner Smith to act as Finance Commissioner in auditing certain claims against
the City, which were allowed at this meeting as shown by the Claims and Warrants
Register on file in the Office of the Clerk.

The Clerk presented the application of L. A. Knapp for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid
and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Stocker Bros. for a license for the
operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having
been paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission,
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

No further business appearing, the meeting recessed to Monday, October 15th,

1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 15th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of October, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B.
Mundy, W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter relative to the payment of rent on the
Air Field used by the Western Air Express Company in this city, together with the
bill for said rent, said letter and bill having come from the Chamber of Commerce
of this city, with the request that the City pay the same. After due consideration
this matter was laid over for further consideration.

No further business appearing, a recess was declared until the 17th day of
October, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 17th, 1938.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of October, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, M.

PRESENT:	His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German,

W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Board proceeded to open and consider bids received for the purchase
of $12,000.00 Paving. Bonds to be issued by the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon the Clerk
opened the sealed bids of the First State Bank, Inc., of Las Vegas, Nevada, and of the
firm of Snow, Goodart & Company, Salt Lake City, said letters reading as follows:-

"		Las Vegas, Nevada

October 17, 1928.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

City.

Gentlemen:

We hereby bid for your $12,000.00 Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improvement
Bonds, bearing 5% interest, payable semi annually, the par value thereof, plus accrued
interest. This bid is subject to the approval of our Attorney as to the legality of the
issue.

City to furnish the bonds.

Enclosed find Cashier's Check in favor of the City Clerk for $600.00, being 5% of the
amount bid.

Respectfully submitted.

FIRST STATE BANK
By C. S. Wengert

W/H	CASHIER.		"

"	Salt Lake City

October _____, 1928.

Honorable Mayor and City Council
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

For $12,000 Paving Bonds of the City of Las Vegas, to be issued in accordance with your
Official Notice of Sale, we are pleased to make you the following offers:

1.	For bonds bearing 6% interest, we will pay you 100 and accrued interest, plus a
premium of $260.00 on the entire issue.

2.	For bonds bearing 5 1/2% interest, we will pay you 100 and accrued interest, plus a
premium of $22.00 on the entire issue.

It is understood and agreed that you will take such steps and pass such resolutions
and execute such papers as our Attorneys may require to the end that said bonds may be
legally issued and delivered to us without undue or unnecessary delay.

Inclosed is our Cashier's Check, for $650.00, as evidence of our good faith. This check
is to be returned to our representative in case our bid is not accepted and is to be held
by you uncashed in case our bid is accepted and applied as part payment on the bonds at the
time of their delivery to us.

Respectfully submitted,

SNOW, GOODART & COMPANY

By Gordon Snow_________

The above offer No. _____is hereby accepted for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Witness our hands and the seal of said City, this 6_____ day of October,

A. D. 1928.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 22, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of October, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O.J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the sum of Twenty-Five Dollars ($25.00)
was appropriated to the Clark County Farm Bureau to be used in combating the spread of
Puncture Vine.	

It was thereupon ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the sum
of Twelve Hundred Thirty-Nine Dollars, ($1239.00) collected by the City Clerk, Municipal
Judge and Plumbing Inspector for licenses, fines and fees respectively, be apportioned as
follows, to-wit: The sum of Four Hundred Ninety-One Dollars and Forty Cents, ($491.40) to
the General Fund; the sum of Seven Hundred Twenty-Seven Dollars and Sixty Cents, ($727.60)
to the Police and Fire Fund; and the sum of Twenty Dollars and Fifty Cents, ($20.50) to the
Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

At this time the question of the issuance of an additional Three Thousand Dollars
($3000.00) worth of Las Vegas City Highway bonds to meet the cost of the resurfacing and
repair of Main Street from the corner of Main and Fremont Streets to the northeast city limits
and of Fifth Street from the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the southwest city limits,
a distance of approximately three miles, which highway was heretofore constructed in connection
with Federal Aid to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada,

came on for discussion, and it appearing to the Board of	City Commissioners that by an Act of

the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for the year 1923, the City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas have authority to issue bonds in an amount not to exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars
($50,000) for the construction, maintenance, and repair of a highway through the City of Las
Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System under an Act of the Legislature of
the State of Nevada in convention assembled, entitled "An Act Authorizing the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the con-
struction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas, to connect with Route 6 of the State
Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the ratification thereof by special or

general election before the issuance of any such bonds," approved March 5, 1923, and

It further appearing to the Board that Forty-six Thousand ($46,000) Dollars worth
of said authorized issue of bonds have been sold for the purposes above mentioned, and it also
appearing that the further sum of Three Thousand Dollars ($3000.00) is required for additional work
in connection with the maintenance and repair of Main Street, commencing at the corner of Main
and Fremont Streets, thence to the northeast city limits, and of Fifth Street, commencing at the
corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets, thence to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximat-
ely three miles; and it further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the amount of
money now remaining in the State Highway Fund of the City of Las Vegas is insufficient to meet
the cost of the maintenance and repair contemplated,

It appearing to the Board that the Clerk had given notice to the State Board of
Finance of the State of Nevada, and that no bid had been received from said State Board
of Finance, the following resolution was presented by Commissioner Smith, seconded by
Commissioner Mundy, and duly adopted as follows:-

"RESOLVED: That the bid of First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc., for the
$12,000" Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds" be, and the same is
hereby accepted; that said bidder have fifteen days from the date of furnishing pre-
liminary transcript of the proceeding relative to said bond issue within which its
attorneys shall either definitely approve or disapprove of the legality of said issue,
and within which time said bidder shall take up and pay for said bond or be entitled to
be released from said bid, as the case may be, depending upon such attorney's opinion
as to the validity of said bonds.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a written memorandum as to the terms of acceptance of said
bid be entered into between this Board and said bidders, the same to be executed by the
Mayor and City Clerk, representing said city, and said bidder.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk have said bonds printed -forthwith and furnish
the bidder with said preliminary transcript.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the check of the remaining bidder be returned to it
by the City Clerk.	"

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse,
Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle, Aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing, a recess was declared until the 22nd day of October,
1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Smith, and
the question being put to a vote, the following Preambles and Resolution were regularly and duly
adopted by the unanimous vote of the Board:

WHEREAS, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74 of the laws
of the State of Nevada, 1923, being an Act of the Senate and Assembly of the State of Nevada, en-
titled "An Act Authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas
to connect with route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing
for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any such
bonds, "Approved March 5, 1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its bonds in a
sum not exceeding $50,000 for the purpose of constructing a highway through the City of Las
Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with the
requirements of Secs. 2, 3, 4 and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State of
Nevada, the question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas to the amount
of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) was submitted to the qualified electors of the City
of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a general election held in said City
of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, on the 8th day of May, 1923, of which
election notice having first been duly given strictly as provided by law, and at which elec-
tion more than a majority of the votes cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and
the result of the vote upon said question of the issuance of said bonds having been duly
certified to this board by the election boards conducting said election, and the result of 
the vote on said question of the issuance of said bonds having been by this Board at a meet-
ing duly and regularly held on the 16th day of May, 1923, declared in the manner and form and
at the same time as other returns of said general City election were canvassed and proclaimed;
and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las
Vegas have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00); and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thou-
sand Dollars ($50,000.00) of said highway bonds have been authorized by said act of the legis-
lature of the State of Nevada, and such issuance ratified by the vote of the qualified electors
of the City of Las Vegas at a general election in said City, held as aforesaid; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deems it advisable
for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Vegas
Highway bonds in the sum of Three Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00) of said authorized issue of
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) of said bonds and that the same be sold at private sale,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that pursuant to and in compliance with the pro-
visions and authority of said above-mentioned Act, and tbs ratification thereof at said general
City Election as aforesaid, it be and it is hereby ordered that prior to the 15th day of
November 1928, bonds of said City of Las Vegas in an aggregate amount of not to exceed Three
Thousand Dollars ($3,000.00), exclusive of interest, being a part of said issue of author-
ized $50,000.00 of Las Vegas Highway bonds for the purpose of providing funds for the con-
struction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State
Highway System of the State of Nevada, be prepared and ready for issuance; that said bonds
as so prepared shall each be in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1000), numbered Forty-
seven to Forty-nine (49) consecutively, being three bonds, numbered respectively 47, 48 and 49,
and shall bear annual interest at the rate of six per centum (6%) per annum from the date thereof,
payable semi-annually on the 1st day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, payable
at the office of the City Treasurer of said City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada; that said Bonds shall be designated
"Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1928 Series) and shall be dated July 1, 1928, and that said bonds
shall be negotiable coupon bonds and shall mature and become due and payable as follows:

Bonds forty-seven, forty-eight and forty-nine (47, 48 and 49) to become due and payable on
the first day of July, 1947.

The payment and redemption of said bonds shall be in the order of their issuance, the
lowest numbered bond being first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said
bonds shall have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached representing each interest installment to
date of maturity of the principal. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall
be payable in gold coin of the United States of America, at present standard of weight and
fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada. Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same
mature.

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that said bonds and coupons, with the necessary variations, shall
be substantially in the following form, respectively, to-wit:

(FORM OF BOND)
"No.____	$30.00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of January), 19___ the City of Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars in Gold Coin of the
United States of America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of
the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi-annual interest
then due on its Highway bond, dated July 1, 1928, Series 1928,

"No.----	UNITED STATES OF AMERICA	$1000.00

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS.

(1928 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal corporation
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself

to be indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay the bearer on the _________

day of ________________, 19____, the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with

interest thereon from date thereof until paid, at the rate of six percent (6%) per annum,
payable semi-annually on the first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, which
interest to the date of maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon present-
ation and surrender of the annexed interest coupons as, they severally become due. Interest
on this bond shall cease on the date the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and
interest on this bond are payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at present
standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the principal and
interest of these bonds as they respectively become due, the full faith, credit and resources
of said City are hereby irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities
issued for the purpose of constructing a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with
Route 6 of the State Highway System, and pursuant to an election duly called and held at which

more than a majority of the qualified electors voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds,

and proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners duly passed and adopted, and is authorized
by and issued in full conformity with the requirements of the Constitution and laws of the

State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the Session laws of said State for the year 1923, and

all acts of the legislature amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required
by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed pre-
cedent to and in the issuance of this bond have existed, happened and have been performed in

regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this bond to-
gether with all other indebtedness of said City does not exceed any constitutional or statutory

limitations.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this
bond to be signed by the Mayor of the City, countersigned by the City Treasurer and authen-
ticated by the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated
with the lithographed facsimile signatures of said Mayor and the City Treasurer, and this bond
to be dated the 1st day of July 1928.
(FOLLOWING TO APPEAR ON BACK OF BOND:)

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
NO.__________

LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BOND (SERIES 1928)

$1,000.00
Per (6%) Cent
Semi-Annually
January 2nd and July 1st.

Prepared and issued by Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 25th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 25th day of October, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, W. B.
Mundy, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The minutes of the previous meetings were read and approved at this time.

After a discussion relative to the city paving project, no further business appearing,
a recess was declared until Monday, October 29th, 1928 at three o'clock, P. M.

AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that the sale of said Three Thousand Dollars ($3000.00)
of bonds shall be at private sale, as is provided in the above mentioned and entitled act, it
appearing to the Board that it is for the best interests of the said City of Las Vegas that
the sale of said Bonds be at private sale, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: that the City Clerk be and he is hereby directed to give notice
of said proposed sale of Three Thousand Dollars ($3000.00) of bonds to the First State
Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc., Bank of Southern Nevada, Inc., and to the State Board of Finance
of the State of Nevada, at Carson City, Nevada, and ascertain what they will offer for said
bonds.

Said Resolution was passed by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye; Noes, none.

THEREAFTER, It was ordered that the Clerk have the above Bonds printed.

No further business appearing it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried that a recess be declared until the 25th day of October, 1928, at the hour of three o'
clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 29th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 29th day of October, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

After discussion of certain phases of proposed ordinance No. 133, a recess was
declared until the 30th day of October, 1928 at the hour of three o'clock, P. M. for vote
on said ordinance.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

October 30th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of October, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A proposed ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing and Directing
the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, To
Levy A Special Assessment To Defray the Costs of Making Certain Improvements In The City Of
Las Vegas, By Grading For And Constructing Oil Bound Gravel Pavements And Hydraulic Cement
Concrete Curbs on Certain Streets and Portions of Streets in Said City, According To The
Plats, Diagrams And Estimates Of Cost Thereof On File In The Office Of The City Clerk Of The
City of Las Vegas; Describing Definitely The Location Of Said Improvements, Stating The
Amounts of Said Assessment, And Designating The Lots, Lands And Premises To Be Assessed
According to Benefits; Providing For the Issuance Of Special Assessment Bonds For The
Payment Thereof, And Other Matters Relating Thereto," was read for the second time, and
upon motion of Commissioner W. C. German, seconded by Commissioner Roy Neagle, was duly
passed, approved and adopted, and ordered numbered 133, and ordered published in the Las Vegas
"AGE" as required by law, the vote being as follows: Commissioner W. B. Mundy, W. C. German
and Roy Neagle and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner W. C. German, seconded by Commissioner Roy Neagle, it was
by the Board ordered that all printing and publishing done by the City of Las Vegas be,
until further order of the Board, divided evenly between the Las Vegas "AGE" and the Las Vegas
"REVIEW", the Finance Commissioner being directed to separate the job printing and
advertising and divide all job printing and advertising evenly between both of said
papers for the period beginning June 1st, 1927 and ending June 1st, 1929, the vote being as
follows:	Commissioner W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and Roy Neagle and His Honor, the Mayor,

J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing, the meeting was, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 1st, 1928.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of November, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock
P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy;
and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of previous sessions read and approved. All claims allowed as shown in
Claims and Warrants Register on file in the Office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Officers read, approved and ordered filed.

On account of the absence of Police and Fire Commissioner Roy Neagle, His Honor,
the Mayor, appointed Commissioner O. J. Smith to audit Police and Fire Department claims.

This being the time set for the opening of sealed bids on Las Vegas Highway Bonds, His
Honor, the Mayor, ordered the Clerk to open all bids received by said Clerk, whereupon the
Clerk opened and read to the Board the sealed bid of the First State Bank, Inc., of the
City of Las Vegas, said bid reading as follows:-

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 30, 1928.

Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the letter of Mr. William L. Scott, City Clerk of Las Vegas,

Nevada, under date of October 26th, 1928.

For your three (5) Las Vegas Highway Bonds, Series 1928, in the amount of $1,000.00
each, bearing interest at the rate of 6% per annum payable semi annually, dated July 1, 1928,
maturing July 1, 1947, being bearer bonds, we will pay par plus accrued interest to date of
delivery. Ten days to be allowed for examination of transcript by our attorney, after it
is delivered to us by you.

We enclose herein our Cashier's Check for $150.00 which is to be used as part payment
for the bonds, if our bid is accepted, otherwise it is to be returned to us.

Yours very truly,

C. S. Wengert

W/H	CASHIER.	"

this bid being the only one received. It appearing to the Board that said bid of said
First State Bank is the highest and best bid received, it was ordered, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried that said bid of said First State Bank be, and it is hereby
accepted, the vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the moneys collected
by the City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector for licenses, fines and fees
respectively. totaling $3710.00 , be apportioned as follows:- to the General Fund the
sum of $1466.80; to the Police and Fire Fund the sum of $2200.20; to the Water, Sewer and
Light Fund the sum of $43.00.

Upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
resolution was adopted: BE IT RESOLVED that the Street Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas
be authorized to collect from owners of property on North Main Street for the improvement
of the 16 feet on each side of the 18 ft. strip of oil bound gravel to be constructed by
the Highway Department of the State of Nevada, the estimated amount of the cost of such
paving in front of their respective parcels of land. BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the
moneys collected from the owners of property abutting on Main Street be deposited with
the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas	in	a fund to be known	as the "Main Street

Special Improvement Fund", the same to	be paid	out	upon the order	of the Board of Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas, and that the	cost	of	the	street intersections of such improvement

be paid out of the General Fund of the	City	of	Las	Vegas, if such	fund is not otherwise

previously appropriated. The vote on the foregoing resolution was as follows: Commissioners
O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon a recess was declared until Thursday the eighth day of November, 1928, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 8th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of November, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The following resolution was passed upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously
carried, viz:-

WHEREAS a plat of the west half of block B of the Valley View Addition to the City
of Las Vegas has been referred to the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
and has by said Planning Commission been duly approved and returned to the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, be it resolved that said plat be, and it is
hereby approved, and the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed
to approve the same, and the Clerk of said City is hereby authorized and directed to
attest such approval.

Upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, the City
Assessor was authorized to purchase a book suitable for recording the 1928 Special
Pavement and Curb Improvement assessments, and it was further ordered that said City
Assessor be authorized and directed to prepare the special assessment set forth in
Ordinance No. 133.

The following resolution was then presented to the Board, and upon motion of
Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, was duly passed and adopted, to-wit:

"WHEREAS, the petitions signed by property owners on Fifth and on Main Streets,
authorizing the improvement thereof as hereinafter specified, have been received and
approved by this Board,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED that the Department of Highways of the State of
Nevada be, and it is hereby authorized to construct oil bound gravel surface in accord-
ance with the usual specifications and requirements of said Department on the following
portions of said streets, to-wit:

16 feet on each side of the 18 ft. Federal Aid Highway on Main Street, from the
north line of Fremont Street to the South Line of Stewart Street,

16 ft. on each side of the 18 ft. Federal Aid Highway on Fifth Street from the
South Line of Fremont Street to the South Line of Park Place Addition to the City of
Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for such authorization the City will make available
to the said Department, funds to pay for the entire cost of the work, and

IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that said City agrees to immediately advance to such
Department the estimated cost of the proposed work, namely, grading, cost of and
applying oil, mixing and finishing. "

the vote being as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon a recess was declared until Thursday the 15th day of November, 1928,
at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 15th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of November, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P.M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor, and immediately recessed, upon motion duly made,
seconded and unanimously carried, to the 16th day of November, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 16th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 16th day of November, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners, O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk and County Assessor.

ABSENT: Commissioner W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, the following Preambles and Resolution were
duly adopted:

Whereas, First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated, whose bid for the twelve
thousand dollars Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds, Series A, was
accepted by this Board at its meeting held on the 17th day of October, 1928, and said Bank
has approved the legality of the proceedings heretofore taken in and about the authorization
for the issue and sale of said bonds and is willing to accept and pay for said bonds in
accordance with its said bid upon the condition that a Redemption Fund be established and
provided for the payment and retirement of said bonds, and interest on said bonds,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the proceeds of the taxes levied or to be levied
under the terms and conditions of Section 4 of Ordinance No. 132 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada to borrow Twelve Thousand Dollars ($12,000.00), to provide funds for the
purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of Commissioners to
be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of oil bound
gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs upon interior squares or spaces formed
by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said
City, or public grounds not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those
certain improvements authorized and determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131
of the City of Las Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said
bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds, Series A",
and providing for the payment of the principal and interest of said bonds, and other matters
relating thereto, " shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a special fund to be known as the
"Las Vegas Special 1928 Pavement and Curb Improvement, Series A, Bond Redemption Fund" and that
the funds deposited therein shall be used only for the payment of interest on said bonds, as
the same becomes due and payable, and in the payment of the principal of and retirement of said
Bonds as they respectively become due and payable under the terms of said Ordinance No. 132.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
Roy Neagle and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes, None.

Francis C. DeVinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor presented to the Board, Assessment Roll
prepared under the provisions of Ordinance No. 133 of the City of Las Vegas. Upon motion
duly made, seconded, carried the following Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS Francis C. De Vinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor has presented to this Board an
Assessment Roll prepared under the provisions of Ordinance No. 133 of the City of Las Vegas,
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the said Assessment Roll be forthwith filed in the
Office of the City Clerk and numbered "Special Assessment No. 11".

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the time when the Board of City Commissioners and said
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet to review such assessments be fixed at Wednesday the 5th
day of December, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock P. M. at the council room of this Board in
said City of Las Vegas, and that the Clerk of this Board give notice of the time appointed for the
review of said assessments in the following form;

NOTICE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT FOR PROPOSED PAVEMENTS AND
CURBS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA, FOR THE YEAR 1928.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT, TO: Thomas Baima, Mary & Andrew Moar, John Irish, Hazel
Algeo, Bessie O'Connor, Jules Hughnes, James Ferguson, James R. Johnson, Lucy Dittman, Las
Vegas Land & Water Company, Troy Steam Laundry & Cleaning Works, Inc., E. E. Smith, A.

Corradetti, Margaret Harper, Boggs Bros., Adolph Levy, Jas. C. Thomas and Marie Espeset,

J. H. Morgan, Mary Hodgens, Albina Torres, Manuel Champa, T. M. Carroll, Fred S. Karasmumaru,

Hotel Nevada Mining Co., Robert J. Donnelly, M. A. Kiwisar, Anna Roberts, Blance Murray, Mrs.

Glen Reiser, S. P. Lambird, C. Aguirre, H. M. Lillis Est., O. C. Stocker, Laura Kramer, John
Horden, Will Beckley, Elizabeth Gamble, Dora Smith, Ed Von Tobel, Thos. P. A. Valdez,

Henry F. Barnewalt, D. Pecetto, Sadie M. Elwell, W. H. Elwell, Mrs. C. C. Bray, Agnes Goucher,
George E. Nichols, John Seiders, W. L. Aplin, Mrs. Nellie Lake, C. A. French, F. L. Duncan,

J. S. Taney, J. G. Laravey, Muller & Jost, F. E. Matzdorf, Chas. H. Beckerman, Ione & Wm. H.
Flickinger, Mrs. Emma Hitt, J. L. Finney, M. E. Ward, Wm. S. Winn, Mrs. Albert James, R. B.
Pistole, Mrs. Mary Russell, W. G. Morse, J. E. Calkins, E. W. Griffith, Dr. F. R. Mildren,

Ruth Griffith, P. J. Sullivan, Ralph Thomas, Hattie B. Fallis, Eagles Lodge, Martin & Ferron,

Mrs. May Corkhill, Nora Conlin, James Nimock, A. W. Ham, Mrs. A. M. Dillon, Robert Dillon,

Eliza J. Rucker, First State Bank, R. W. Martin, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, J. T.

Watters, Ed Hall, B. F. Minter and Luella Dees, W. A. Coleman, Vincinzo Matteucci, Pilar Santa
Cruz, Florence Lozano, Henry Kelly, William W. Cantrell, Joe Santini, Daisy Coleman, Walter
McKelvey, W. Wilshire, Church Zions Rest Mission, Robert Jones, Jr., Mary Nettles, I. Pullum,
Minnie M. Mitchell, Patience Hesse, C. C. & Leland Ronnow, M. M. Riley, Elizabeth Phillips,

Louise Rock, L. H. & R. E. Rockwell, Mrs. Ed Von Tobel, Mrs. Mary E. Lake, R. H. Schaefer, Dr.

W. S. Park, A. C. Delkin, Hattie M. Delkin, Mrs. Minnie Westlake, Episcopal Church, Elks
Lodge No. 1468, Peter Pauff, Mrs. W. E. Hawkins, Catholic Church, Perle S. Brown, Dr. H. L.
Hewetson, E. S. Sheppard, L. L. Carson, J. H. McCann, C. B. Hanford, Ernest Cragin, E. R.

Bailey, Jake Beckley, Cragin & Pike, Inc., W. H. Pike, Mrs. Florence Lawson, Sam Gay, Mrs. W.H.
Elwell, Joseph Smith, Mrs. Celestina Casey, Mary Van Dyke, E. B. Hammond, Leo A. McNamee,

A. S. Tracht, Charles Dase, Herbert J. Archibald, Mary L. Linney, American Legion, J. H.

Ladd, William Bain, Methodist Church, E. S. Shepard, Admr., Masonic Lodge, Mrs. J. D. Kramer,

0. C. Boggs, James Ryan, John F. Fagan, Joe and Francisca Graglia, J. M. Heaton, Jennie
Edmonds, Western Service Garage, Peter Mauer, Fred Tisdail, T. A. Nantz, Cragin & Pike,

Anna Coughlin, Key Pittman, J. F. Hesse, George Goodwin, Mrs. L. A. Rockwell, Carl D. Farrar,

Mrs. Ella Wengert, Marion Wilson, Alice Moore and Wilma Jensen, L. H. Irwin, Thomas Harris,

Richard Roschl, Lou Martin, B. H. Johnson, Lloyd Atkinson, Addie A. Bullette, Josephine
Hinge, John M. and W. H. Taylor, Mary Riley, O. J. Smith, James Cashman, Dreeme Benson,

Don and Cora B. Allison, Mrs. William Moffat, R. M. Wilson, E. H. Hunting, Al G. Barnes, W. E.

Ferron, W. R. Bracken, Caroline Shaw, E. W. Nungesser, William May, William E. Orr, Sina
Norris, C. P. Squires, N. E. Williams, H. O. Johnson, Tom W. French, Henrietta Brockman,

Geo. L. Ullom, Est., C. M. McGovern, C. L. Horsey, M. I. Newkirk, Fred Smith, A. J. Tompkins,

L. R. Ullom, Dave White, J. W. Woodard, George Bremner, Mrs. Isabelle E. McCrystal, Alice
Passno, Mrs. F. R. Hudson, Joe L. McQuade, Mary Russell, Herbert Krause, A. S. Gaines, Las
Vegas School District No. 12, L. B. Sandall, Lillian Church, J. R. Williams, John W. Hockett,

A. W. and Alta Ham, W. E. Hawkins, T. A. Wells, Colorado River Exploration Co., Ltd., J. T.

Ullom, Kate Martin, Quality Laundry, Clara Campbell, L. T. Brock, R. E. Lake, Jr., Helen H.

Rives, American Baptist Home Mission Soc. Inc., C. E. Pembroke, Walter F. McLallen, Wm. M.
Fitzhugh, J. H. Williams, George H. Cook, E. A. Stinson, Samuel Craner, and to all persons
interested, take notice:

That the Roll of the Special Assessment heretofore made, by the Ex-Officio City
Assessor, for the purpose of defraying that part of the costs which the Board of City
Commissioners decided should be paid and borne by special assessment for the grading for and
constructing Oil Bound Gravel pavements and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain
streets and portions of streets in said City, on to-wit: the following streets:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite:

First Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

First Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Second Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Second Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Third Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Third Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fourth Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Fourth Street, from Fremont Street to Lewis Street.

Fifth Street, from Stewart Street to Fremont Street.

Ogden Street, from Main Street to the easterly limit of Fifth Street.

Carson Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bridger Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.

In Hawkins Addition:

Ogden Street, from Fifth Street to the alley running northerly
and southerly through Blocks 1 and 2 in said Hawkins Addition.

Fremont Street, from Fifth Street to the easterly limit of said
Hawkins Addition crossing said Fremont Street.

In Buck's Subdivision:

Fremont Street, from the westerly limit of said Buck's Subdivision
crossing said Fremont Street, to Eighth Street,	

is now on file in my office for public inspection:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Board of City Commissioners and said Ex-Officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, will meet in the council room of said Board in the
County Court House in said City of Las Vegas, on the 5th day of December, A. D., 1928,
at 5 o'clock P. M., on said day to review said assessment, at which time and place opportunity
will be given all persons interested to be heard and protest; provided, however, any person
objecting to the assessment may file his objections thereto in writing with the City Clerk at
any time before the time set for said hearing.

Dated this 16th day of November, A. D., 1928.

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

and that such notice be published in Las Vegas "REVIEW", a tri-weekly newspaper published at
Las Vegas, Nevada, for two weeks.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
Roy Neagle and his Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes, None.

After a discussion as to the present status of the Municipal Judge of this City it was
resolved, upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, that it be the sense of
this Board that no increase be made in the salary now being paid to said Judge, and it was
further resolved that this matter be laid over for further discussion at the next regular
meeting.

No further business appearing, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the meeting
was recessed to November 19th, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 19th, 1928.

At a recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of November, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners, O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that there be, and there is hereby created a special fund to be known as
"Main Street Special Widening Fund", for the purpose of the handling of the funds in connection
with the improvement of 16 ft. on each side of the 18 ft. of Federal Aid Highway of said Main
Street, being made at the present time by the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the sum of Six Hundred and Five Dollars ($605.00) collected
by the Street Commissioner be deposited in said special fund and that the sum of Eleven Hundred
Thirty-Eight Dollars and Fifty Cents ($1138.50) be transferred from the General Fund of the
City to said Special Fund, being One Hundred Seventy-Six Dollars ($176.00) cost to the
City for the construction of street intersections and Nine Hundred Sixty-Two Dollars and
Fifty Cents ($962.50) to be paid by Las Vegas Land and Water Company for the improvement of the
west strip on said street; it being understood that when said sum of Nine Hundred Sixty-Two
Dollars and Fifty Cents ($962.50) is paid by said Las Vegas Land and Water Company that the
same be re-transferred from said Special Fund to the General Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this resolution be furnished to the City
Treasurer.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the proper officers of the City draw a warrant in favor of the
Department of Highways of the State of Nevada for the cost of said improvement, upon presentation
of the statement of such cost made by said Department of Highways and approved by the
Street Commissioner and Finance Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C.
German, and his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, None.

No further business appearing, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the meeting
was recessed to November 22nd, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 30th, 1928.

At a recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of November, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,
P. M.

PRESENT:	His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J.

Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner O. J. Smith, it was
resolved that the contract heretofore entered into between the City of Las Vegas and A. P.
Slocum, for the engineering work in connection with the proposed paving program of the
City of Las Vegas, and which said contract has heretofore been approved by this Board, be
signed and attested with the Seal of the City by the City Clerk in addition to the
signature of the City by O. J. Smith its Commissioner of Streets and Public Property, and
the signature of A. P. Slocum as engineer, which said contract bears date the 20th day of
September, 1928.

The Minutes of the meetings of November 8th, 1928, November 15th, 1928, November 16th,
1928, November 19th, 1928 and November 22nd, 1928 were read and approved by the Board.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 22nd, 1928.

At a recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of November, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,
P.M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Roy Neagle, Commissioner.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following
resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that there be, and is hereby created, a Special Fund to be known as "Fifth
Street Special Widening Fund" in which there has on this date been deposited the sum of
Eight Thousand Fifty-Two Dollars and Five Cents, ($8,052.05), and that such additional
funds as may be collected for the purpose of the special improvement shall be deposited in
the said Special Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the bill of the State Highway Department of the State of
Nevada, bearing date November 19th, 1928, this day presented to this Board, for the sum of
Seven Thousand Three Hundred Ninety-Four Dollars and Fifty-Four Cents ($7,394.54), as the
estimated cost of grading, furnishing and applying oil mixing and finishing be, and the
same is hereby allowed, and a warrant be drawn by the proper officers for the payment of
the same, with an understanding entered into between said State Highway Department and the
City of Las Vegas that only such portions of said improvement shall be made by the said
State Highway Department as shall have been paid by the property owners abutting upon said
proposed improvement; such data to be furnished by the Street Commissioner of said City
to the State Highway Department.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the cost of the intersections estimated at One Thousand
Seven Hundred Eighty-Five Dollars ($1,785.00) be paid out of the general fund of the City
of Las Vegas.

Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W.B. Mundy, O. J. Smith and
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting Aye; Noes, None.

No further business appearing, the meeting was recessed to the 30th day of November,
1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
At this time the $3000.00 Las Vegas Highway Bonds 1928 Series were signed by the
Mayor and City Treasurer and attested by the City Clerk with the Seal of the City
thereon, for delivery to First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated, the
purchaser thereof.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the proper officers
of the City pay to the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada, the sum of
Twenty-Nine Hundred Four Dollars and Sixty-Nine Cents ($2904.69), upon the verified
statement heretofore presented to the City therefor, the sum to cover the estimated cost
to the City of the construction of the 16 ft. strip of Federal Aid Pavement through and
upon Main Street and Fifth Street in said City.

No further business appearing before the meeting, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, the same was recessed until Wednesday the 5th day of December, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

December 5th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of December, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney, Assessor and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



This being the time set for hearing of protests against the assessments on lots in
the City of Las Vegas for the paving of certain city streets in said City, the Clerk was
directed to read all written protests filed with him.

Whereupon the Clerk read a written protest from A. W. Ham relative to an apparent
mistake in the assessment against Lot 11, Block 2, Hawkin's Addition. It appearing to the
Board that the assessment amounting to $194.03 is an error and that the same should be
$144.03, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the Clerk
correct the Assessment Roll for Special Assessment No. 11 against the above named lot to
read $144.03 instead of $194.03.

The Clerk thereupon read the written protest of Caroline Shaw. This protest was
rejected upon the ground that it was a protest against the type of pavement and that the
time had passed for the hearing of such protests.

The Clerk then read the protest of Lucy Dittman, protesting against the assessment
charged to her on Lot 29, Block 1, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, on the ground that she was
not the owner of said lot. It appearing to the Board that Mrs. Dittman was not the owner
or in any manner interested in said lot, and it further appearing that James R. Johnson is
the owner of said lot, it was ordered that the Assessment Roll be corrected, and that the
assessment against said lot be charged to the said James R. Johnson instead of to Lucy
Dittman.

Mrs. Mary Nettles appeared and protested against the amount of assessment assessed
against several lots owned by her. This protest was rejected on the ground that the
assessment against said lots is not excessive, as charged by Mrs. Nettles.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was ordered
that said Assessment Roll No. 11 created for the paving of streets and erecting of curbs
in accordance with Ordinances No. 131 and No. 133, be, and the same is hereby confirmed
by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas as corrected on this 5th day
of December 1928, and that the City Clerk endorse on said roll the date and fact of said
confirmation. The vote on said resolution and motion was as follows: Commissioners
W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, aye; noes, none.

No further business appearing, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the
meeting was recessed to December 6th, 1928, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.	
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

December 6th, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of December, 1928, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT:	His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by the Warrants and Claim Register on file in the office
of the Clerk; reports read and approved; likewise minutes of previous meetings read and
approved at this time.

It was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that the moneys collected
by the City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector for licenses, fines and fees
respectively, be apportioned as follows:- To the General Fund the sum of $155.00; to
the Police Fire Fund the sum of $252.50; Water, Sewer and Light Fund the sum of $46.25.

Upon motion of Commissioner W. B. Mundy, seconded by Commissioner W. C. German, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas entered into an agreement with Las Vegas Land & Water
Company, bearing date the 21st day of April, 1928, wherein it was provided among other
things in paragraph numbered 1 on page 2 of said agreement as follows:

"1. That if the said agreement between the said Las Vegas Land & Water Company,
in the form presented to the Board of Commissioners of said City and now
on file with said City of Las Vegas shall be duly executed by the parties
thereto and a signed copy thereof filed with the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas within thirty days from the date hereof, then and in
that event the said agreement of February 16, 1927, and the said amendments
thereto of date May 10, 192 7 and Aug. 18, 1927 shall ipso facto become re-
scinded and no further force or effect, and the following terms of this
agreement shall at once become operative, to-wit:" and

WHEREAS, the terms referred to were and are subdivisions (a), (b), (c), & (d) of

said Agreement of April 21, 1928, and

WHEREAS, a signed copy of "said proposed agreement" mentioned in the above-quoted
paragraph numbered 1 was not filed with the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
within thirty days from the said April 21, 1928, or within any period of extension or
at any other time, and no waiver of said provision for the filing thereof has been made
by the City of Las Vegas,	

NOW THEREFORE, Be It Resolved, that the said Agreement of April 21, 1928 is and is
hereby declared to be forfeited and null and void and of no further force or effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Agreement of February 16, 1927, as amended and
modified by the said amendments thereto of May 10, 1927, and Aug. 18, 1927, referred to
in the above-quoted paragraph numbered 1 of said agreement of April 21, 1928, be and the
same is hereby declared to be operative and in force and effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas declares itself to have no claim
on or any right, title or interest in any moneys deposited by Frank N. Riley or his
successors or assigns in First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc. as a guaranty under
any agreement between the said Frank N. Riley and Las Vegas Land & Water Company, or their
or either of their successors or assigns.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Clerk of this Board is hereby directed to transmit a
certified copy of these Preambles and Resolution to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company
and First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc., as and for notice to said Las Vegas Land &
Water Company and First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Incorporated of the action hereby
taken upon the forfeiture and declaration of forfeiture and annulment of said agreement
of April 21, 1928 between said City of Las Vegas and said Las Vegas Land & Water Co.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, German, Neagle
and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting Aye; Noes, none.

The resolution with Preambles thereto was thereupon declared to have been duly
adopted.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

	Whereas, on the 5th day of December, 1928, the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, after due notice thereof given in accordance with the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, did confirm Las Vegas City Pavement Assessment #11, and

Whereas, the said roll was on the 5th day of December, 1928 duly recorded in the
Office of the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas in a suitable book kept by said
Ex-Officio Assessor for such purpose, and a Certificate of said Ex-Officio Assessor of the
date of such recording has been appended to such recorded Assessment Roll, and

Whereas, it is deemed advisable by this Board to make such assessment payable in ten
installments, bearing interest as hereinafter provided,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that said Las Vegas City pavement Assessment #11 be made,
and is hereby made payable in ten equal installments, one of which installments shall be
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

December 22nd, 1928.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of December, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy.
together with the City Attorney and Clerk and City Engineer, A. P. Slocum.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the City Treasurer 
be, and he hereby is directed to give notice to all persons owning property within the
limits of the improvement district created for the construction of Oil Bound Gravel Pave-
ment and Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs, that the sums named and charged to them as
assessments on such property named and described in Las Vegas City Special Assessment #11
are payable in full at once, and that if such sums are not so paid at once, that it will
be necessary for the city to issue ten year bonds, payable in ten annual installments
at seven per-cent (7%) interest to defray the expense of such construction of pavements
and curbs, in such an amount as has not been paid by the owners of such property named and
described as being in such improvement district, within fifty days after December 5th, 1928.

collected yearly, with annual interest thereon at the rate of seven percent per annum;
provided, however, that a part of or the entire amount of each of said assessments may
be paid within 50 days from the date of recording of said special assessment roll, to-wit,
within 50 days from the 5th day of December, A. D. 1928 without interest thereon, on the
part so paid.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, Roy Neagle and his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; noes, none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the
following resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the Engineer, A. P. Slocum, be and he is hereby authorized to have
published in the following publications: Southwest Builder and Contractor of Los Angeles,
Calif; The Los Angeles Daily Journal of Los Angeles, Calif; The Salt Lake Tribune,
the following notice calling for bids on Las Vegas City pavement and curb improvement
authorized by the terms of Ordinance No. 131.

"SEALED BIDS OR PROPOSALS for the construction of Cement Curbs and Oil Bound Gravel
Pavement for the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will be received at the office
of the Engineer for the City until 12 o'clock, noon, Wednesday, January 23, 1929.

The principal items and approximate quantities are as follows:

1496.25 linear feet of 18 inch Cement Curb.

28893.56 linear feet of 16 inch Cement Curb.

808214.24 square feet of Oil Bound Gravel Pavement, with
appurtenant drainage substructures.

Plans, specifications and all information may be obtained from the office of the
Engineer. Specifications furnished gratis. Plans to be had on receipt of postoffice money
order or certified check, payable to A. P. Slocum, to the amount of Nine Dollars.

Bids to be publicly opened at 3:00 P. M., Thursday, January 24, 1929, at City Commission
Board Room, Court House, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Postoffice Box 962.	A. P. Slocum,

Engineer for the City.	

That such notice be published in each of said publications two weeks prior to January
23, 1929.

Thereupon, A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the city, presented to the Board his plans and
specifications for the work to be done in connection with the Oil Bound Gravel Pavement and
Curb Improvements to be constructed under Ordinance No. 131;

Whereupon, upon motion duly made and unanimously carried, said plans and specifications
were approved by the Board, and the said A. P. Slocum was directed to have the same printed
forthwith by the Las Vegas "AGE", and the said A. P. Slocum was further authorized to have
the necessary blue prints to be used in connection with said plans and specifications, pre-
pared.

No further business appearing , it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting be recessed until December 22nd, 1928, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.
Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the plans submitted
by Engineer A. P. Slocum for drains in connection with the pavement and curb improvements
to be constructed in this city in accordance with Ordinance #131, constitute an addition
to the plans and specifications for said improvements and that the Mayor be authorized and
directed, and he is hereby authorized and directed to approve such plans for drains, and
the Clerk is hereby authorized and directed to attest the same.

No further business appearing, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that this meeting adjourn.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	January 3, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 3rd day of January, 1929, at the hour of three 
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
W. C. German, together with City Attorney, Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Owing to the absence of Police & Fire Commissioner, Roy Neagle, Commissioner Mundy was
appointed by His Honor the Mayor to audit Police and Fire Department bills.

All claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of
the Clerk.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of A. T. McCarter for a license
for the operation of three gaming tables; the fee of Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00)

having been paid and said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner,
upon motion duly carried, the application was approved, and the Clerk directed to issue a
license.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of Stocker Brothers for a license
for the operation of three gaming tables; the fee of Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00)
having been paid and said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner,
upon motion duly carried, the application was approved, and the Clerk directed to issue a
license.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of Gabriel Lopez for a license
for the operation of two gaming tables; the fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00)

having been paid and said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner,
upon motion duly carried, the application was approved, and the Clerk directed to issue a
license.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of L. A. Knapp for a license
for the operation of two gaming tables; the fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00)

having been paid and said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner,
upon motion duly carried, the application was approved, and the Clerk directed to issue a
license.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of C. Aguirre for a license
for the operation of two gaming tables; the fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00)

having been paid and said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner,
upon motion duly carried, the application was approved, and the Clerk directed to issue a
license.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of A. T. Gilmore and J. W. Horden for a
license for the operation of two gaming tables; the fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00)
having been paid and said application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner,
upon motion duly carried, the application was approved, and the Clerk directed to issue a
license.

Upon request of Mr. A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the City, the said Mr. Slocum was
authorized and directed to have printed one hundred (100) proposal sheets, such work to be
done by the Las Vegas "Review", and paid for by the city.

It was ordered upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that the moneys collected
by the City Clerk and Municipal Judge for fees and fines respectively, totaling Six Hundred
Thirty-Four Dollars and Fifty Cents ($634.50), be apportioned as follows:-

To the General Fund, the sum of Two Hundred Fifty-Three Dollars and Eighty

Cents ($253.80)

To the Police & Fire Fund the sum of Three Hundred Eighty Dollars and Seventy

Cents ($380.70)

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Saturday, January 5th, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 5, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of January, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, together
city City Clerk, Attorney and Engineer.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk presented to the Board a written request of C. H. Stephens to conduct a movable
lunch car upon the streets of the City of Las Vegas. After due consideration this request was
rejected.

The Clerk then presented to the Board the request of Oscar C. Anderson and V. D. Mullenix
for permit to operate a movable lunch car on the streets of this city. After due consideration
this request was rejected.

The Clerk was directed to inform all applicants for permit to use the City streets for
business purposes that this Board is opposed to such use of the City streets, and that applications
for such purposes will not be granted.

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Tuesday the 8th day of January, 1929 at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 8th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of January, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, and O. J. Smith to-
gether with the City Attorney, Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioner W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A few claims against the City were allowed as shown by Claims and Warrants Register on
file in the office of the Clerk.

The Clerk then read to the Board a letter dated January 3, 1929, from Mr. A. P. Slocum,

Engineer for the City, relative to certain claims for services performed in preparation
of Special Assessment Roll No. 11, said work being performed by Mr. A. P. Slocum and Mrs.

K.	M. Slocum, the sum of Two Hundred Twenty-three Dollars ($223.00) being the total of
such claims. After considerable discussion and upon the offer of Mr. Slocum to compromise
and settle the combined claims for a total of Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00), it was ordered,
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the claim of A. P. Slocum be allowed in
the amount of One Hundred Forty-Two Dollars ($142.00) and the claim of K. M. Slocum be allowed
in the amount of Fifty-eight Dollars ($58.00), as and for payment in full for services rendered
as described above.

Thereafter, a recess was declared until the 17th day of January, 1929 at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 17th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 17th day of January, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, together
with the Attorney, Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that this Board be in recess
until Monday the 21st day of January, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 21st, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of January, 1929, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German
together with the City Attorney and Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT:	Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Commissioner German tendered the resignation of F. B. Blakeley from the office of
Plumbing Inspector for the City of Las Vegas, which resignation was duly adopted, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried.

Thereupon Mr. German submitted the name of W. P. Hauser and requested his appointment
to the office of Plumbing Inspector. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the
said W. P. Hauser was appointed to said office of Plumbing Inspector, contingent upon his
filing a good and sufficient Bond in the amount of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00), such
Bond to be approved by the Mayor, and his taking the Oath of Office. It was further ordered,
upon motion duly carried, that said W. P. Hauser as Plumbing Inspector be paid at the rate
of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) per month, based upon eight hours work as constituting
a days work.

It appearing to the Board that the office of the City Clerk is in need of extra help ,
it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried that the City Clerk be, and
he hereby is given authority to engage such extra help as may be necessary to properly
conduct the business of his office, and that the expense of employing such extra help shall
be borne and paid by the City of Las Vegas, said extra help being paid a salary of not to
exceed the sum of Ninety Dollars ($90.00) per month; this order to take effect as of the
16th day of January, 1929.

Thereupon a recess was declared, upon motion duly carried, to Wednesday the twenty-third
day of January, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 24th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 24th day of January, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and O. J.
Smith, together with the City Attorney, Clerk- and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the construction of oil bound gravel
pavement and cement concrete curbs, on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas as prescribed
by Ordinance No. 151, the Engineer for the City handed the Clerk two sealed bids, which were
opened upon direction of the Mayor. The first opened was the bid of Gibbons & Reed Company,
their total bid being the sum of $97,425.82. The second opened was the bid of R. A. Watson
in the sum of $94,018.95. Upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy,
both bids were rejected, the vote being as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,

O. J. Smith and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following
resolution was duly adopted: BE IT RESOLVED that the previous order of this Board under date
of December 6th, 1928, approving specifications for construction of oil bound gravel pavements
and cement concrete curbs be, and it is hereby rescinded, and the Engineer for the City is
hereby authorized and directed to draw up new specifications for oil bound gravel pavements
and cement concrete curbs to be constructed on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas as
specified in Ordinance No. 131, such specifications to be approved by this Board; the vote
on same being as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and O.J. Smith and his
Honor the Mayor, voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Saturday the 26th day of January, 1929, at the hour of
7:30 P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 26, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 26th day of January, 1929, at the hour
of 7:30 P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney, Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following
Preambles and Resolutions were duly adopted:

Whereas a suit has been commenced in the District Court of the Tenth District of
the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark, entitled

STATE OF NEVADA, EX REL, F. E. MATZDORF, 

W. H. ELWELL, C. A. BRYANT, J. J. CURTIS, 
and JOE	LARAVEY,	

		

Realtors,  



vs.		NO. 1969.



WILLIAM L. SCOTT, CLERK OF THE CITY OF	

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA: J. F. HESSE, MAYOR,	

W. B. MUNDY, O. J. SMITH, W. C. GERMAN, 
and ROY	NEAGLE, COMMISSIONERS,	consti-	

tuting Board of Commissioners of said	

The City of Las Vegas,	



Respondents.	

being Case No. 1969, and

Whereas, the said defendants are all officers of said City and the subject
matter of said suit arises out of acts alleged to be within the scope of their official
duties, and not by reason of any act or omission by them or either of them as in-
dividuals or outside the scope of their official duties, and neither of said defendants
has employed an attorney in said action and all desire that the City employ an attorney
for and on their behalf to defend said action, and

Whereas the City Attorney declines to defend said action without additional
compensation upon the ground that such defense is out of the scope of his official
duties, but is willing to defend said officials in the said District Court for the
sum of Five Hundred Dollars payable Three Hundred dollars down as a retainer and the balance
at the termination of said action in the said District Court, and

Whereas, the Board deems it reasonable and right under the circumstances aforesaid
that the cost and expense of said action should not fall upon the individual officers
as defendants in said action, and that the proposition of said City Attorney is reason-
able and lawful,

NOW THEREFORE, Be It Resolved that the said City Attorney, F. A. Stevens be and
he is hereby employed to defend said action upon the behalf of each of said officers
at the compensation above specified, and that a warrant be drawn by the proper officers
of the City in favor of said City Attorney for the sum of Three Hundred Dollars as and
for a retainer as above specified, the amount thereof to apply upon the total ultimate fee
of Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00) for services to be rendered in said action in said
District Court.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B.

Mundy and W. C. German voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Hesse did not vote on said
resolution.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Monday the 28th day of January, 1929,
at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

January 28, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 28th day of January, 1929, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B.

Mundy, W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.
At this time his Honor, the Mayor, submitted the name of Percival Nash for appointment
to the office of City Marshal of the City of Las Vegas. Thereafter, upon motion by
Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following resolution was duly
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED that Percival Nash be and he hereby is appointed to the office of Marshal
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, contingent upon his filing a good and
sufficient Bond in the amount of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00), and his taking the
oath of office as required by law; said Bond to be approved by the Mayor.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Percival Nash be paid a salary at the rate of
Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00) per month.	



Vote upon foregoing motion and resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith,
W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Wednesday the 30th day of January, 1929, at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 30th, 1929 - 7:30 P. M.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 30th day of January, 1929, at the hour of seven
thirty P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney , Clerk, and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Mr. A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the City, presented to the Board the amended
specifications for street improvements in the nature of oil bound gravel pavements and
cement concrete curbs. Whereupon, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was
resolved that such amended specifications be, and they are, hereby approved, and the said
A. P. Slocum is hereby authorized and directed to cause to be printed one hundred copies
of said amended specifications and to cause to be printed one hundred proposal sheets, said
printing to be done by the Las Vegas Evening Review.

The Clerk presented to the Board a letter from O. J. Potthoff, Chairman of the Las Vegas
Gun Club, soliciting a donation from the City of Las Vegas to the Las Vegas Gun Club to
be used in the purchase of trophies and for cash prizes to be presented as prizes in the
fifth annual Tri-State Sharp Shoot to be held in the City of Las Vegas on the 9th and 10th
days of February, 1929. Whereupon, it was ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, that the sum of Fifty Dollars ($50.00) be donated to the said Las Vegas Gun Club
for the purposes herein stated and the Clerk was directed to draw his warrant in the
amount of Fifty Dollars ($50.00) in favor of the said O. J. Potthoff, and the Treasurer was
directed to pay the same.

Mr. Albert S. Hall, Agent for Public Utilities Consolidated Corporation appeared before
the Board and requested said Board to grant a permit and franchise to the said Public
Utilities Consolidated Corporation for the use of public streets and / or alleys for the
construction of a long distance telephone and line. Whereupon, on motion of Commissioner
German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the following resolution was duly adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED that a permit to Public Utilities Consolidated Corporation to construct,
operate and maintain, etc., long distance telephone lines in the City of Las Vegas in the
form presented to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at the meeting
held on the 30th day of January, 1929, be, and the same is, hereby granted in the form
hereinafter set forth, and that the same be executed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas
and the Commissioner of Water Works, Sewerage and Lights, and attested by the City Clerk
under the seal of said city, said permission to bear date this 30th day of January, 1929,
and to be executed in triplicate, and that said permission be spread upon the minutes.

Vote on said resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C.

German, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Said permission reading as follows:-

PERMIT TO PUBLIC UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED CORPORATION

A Non-exclusive Permission for a period of Twenty-Five (25) years is hereby given
and granted to PUBLIC UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED CORPORATION, an Arizona Corporation, domesticated
under the laws of the State of Nevada, its successors and assigns, to construct, install,
operate, maintain, repair and manage Long Distance Telephone lines in, under, through; over,
along and across the streets, alleys, avenues and public places of the City of Las Vegas,
in Clark County, State of Nevada.
That for the purpose of maintaining said Long Distance Telephone lines and extending
the same from time to time as necessity may require, the said permittee is, and its
successors and assigns are, hereby given and granted a right of way over, under, through,
along and across the said streets, alleys, avenues and public places in said City of Las
Vegas, with the right to make the necessary excavations in the said streets, alleys,
avenues and public places in order to place their poles, wires, conduits and appurtenances
therein and thereon and to make all necessary repairs to said Long Distance Telephone lines
or any part thereof.

In consideration of the grant of the permission, right and privilege hereby granted,
the said permittee, its successors and assigns, agree:

(A) . That all poles used for the purpose of said Long Distance Telephone lines shall
not be less than Thirty (30) feet in height and the wires strung thereon shall not be less
than Twenty-two (22) feet above the ground, and that said lines shall be installed with

good material and in a workmanlike manner and at all times kept in good repair, and generally
the construction shall be in accordance with good engineering practice and particularly in
accordance with the rules and regulations now or hereafter prescribed by the Public Service
Commission of the State of Nevada, the said City of Las Vegas, and other constituted authorities,
and in accordance with the regulations of the United States Bureau of Standards.

(B).	To make, at its own expense, any openings in lines necessary at any time to permit
the moving of houses along the public streets or alleys.

(C).	To fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now in existence,
or which may be hereafter adopted relative to the making of excavations in such streets,
alleys, avenues and public places.

(D).	To move at its own expense any pole or poles, conduits, or other appurtenances
that it may be reasonably necessary to move to best serve the interests of the public, when
ordered to do so by said City.

(E).	That said City of Las Vegas shall be saved harmless, and shall not be held liable
for any damage to persons or property caused in any manner by said Long Distance Telephone
lines except as hereinafter provided.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted, it is provided:

1. That the municipal authorities shall have the power to make all necessary and
reasonable rules and regulations for the construction, maintenance and operation of all such
poles, wires, conduits and appurtenances, and shall have the power to change the rules and
regulations from time to time when reasonably necessary. Before beginning the construction
of any line within said City the Permittee shall first submit to the Board of City Commissioners
a plat of the proposed route, showing the location and position of the proposed line or lines
in or on the streets, alleys and public places where the same is or are intended to be con-
structed and maintained, for the approval of said Board, or such officer authorized by law to
make such approval.

A violation of any of the provisions of this permit shall be ground for and entitle said
City to revoke this permit in whole or in part, or said City may pursue such other remedy or
course as the law permits. The City hereby reserves the rights incident to the grantor of a
permit.

This permit shall not be construed to authorize the permittee, its successors or assigns,
to use or to acquire any rights in any of the streets, alleys, avenues or public places of said
City inconsistent with the future legitimate uses of such streets, alleys, avenues or public
places of the City of Las Vegas, nor shall the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by
lapse of time or by the expenditure of moneys by permittee as an estoppel against said City
of Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever. Nor shall this permit be construed as a grant of any
right or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property along
any of the streets, alleys, avenues or public places where said poles, wires, conduits or
appurtenances may be placed or maintained by said permittee, nor to establish any rights in
the permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the right of the original dedicators of said
streets, alleys, avenues or public places, or their assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights hereunder without
the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and obtained in writing
or by resolution of said Board of City Commissioners.

This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of the same in writing by the
permittee within Thirty (30) days from the date of its passage, but in default of such
acceptance, the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 50th day
of January, A. D., 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the order of said Board of City Commissioners by the Mayor,

City Clerk and Water Works, Sewerage and Light Commissioner, thereunto duly authorized, this
50th day of January A. D., 1929. Executed in triplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

BY J. F. Hesse					
Its Mayor

BY W. C. German_____________________

(S E A L)	Its Water Works, Sewerage and

Light Commissioners.

ATTEST:

Wm. L. Scott______________

City Clerk.

The foregoing permit accepted this 50th day of January, A. D., 1929.

PUBLIC UTILITIES CONSOLIDATED CORPORATION

By Albert S. Hall______Its Authorized Agent.
Thereupon, a recess was ordered until Friday the first day of February, 1929, at the
hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 1, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 1st day of February, 1929, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT* Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

It appearing to the Board that the resignation of C. D. Breeze from the office of
Municipal Judge of this City had been accepted, and had taken effect at midnight January
31, 1929, said office of Municipal Judge was thereupon declared vacant.

The Clerk then read to the Board a letter from Roger Foley, Esq., Justice of the
Peace in and for Las Vegas Township , Clark County, Nevada, requesting that he be appointed
to the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon, upon motion of
Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, it was by the Board ordered that the
said Roger Foley, Esq., be, and he hereby is appointed to the office of Municipal Judge of the 
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada at a salary of 150.00 per month, contingent upon his filing 
a good and sufficient Bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00); said Bond to be approved
by the Mayor. Further ordered that upon subscribing to and filing with the constitutional
Oath of Office that the said Roger Foley immediately take office as said Municipal Judge.
Motion carried upon the following vote: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and Roy Neagle, and
his Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; noes, none.

The Clerk then read a letter from Robert B. Griffith, together with a copy of a
letter enclosed by Mr. Griffith relative to vacating the airfield now being used by the
Western Air Express. After consideration these communications were ordered filed.

Thereafter a recess was declared until the second day of February, 1929, at the hour
of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 2nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 2nd day of February, 1929, at the hour of three
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A plat of Boulder Dam Home Site Addition, Tract No. 1 was presented to the Board for
approval, said tract being owned by the First State Bank, a corporation of Las Vegas,

Nevada, being situated in, the NE 1/4 of Section 35, Township 20, South, Range 61 E., M. D. B & M.
It appearing to the Board that said plat had been approved by the City Planning Commission
of the City of Las Vegas and that it was proper as to form, said plat was approved and the
Mayor authorized and directed to approve said plat, and the City Clerk was authorized and
directed to attest the same.

Thereupon, the plat of Boulder Dam Home Site Addition, Tract No. 2, was presented to
the Board for approval, said plat being owned by First State Bank, a corporation of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and being situated in the NE 1/4 of Section 35, Township 20, South, Range 61 East,

M. D. B. & M. It appearing to the Board that said plat bad been approved by the City
Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas and that said plat is in proper form, it was
ordered that said plat be approved and the Mayor was authorized and directed to approve
said plat and the City Clerk was authorized and directed to attest the same.
Thereupon, a recess was declared until Tuesday the 5th day of February, 1929, at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 5th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of	the	Board	of City Commissioners of	the City of	Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th	day	of February, 1929,	at the hour	of seven-thirty

o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A plat of Vegas Heighths Tract, Unit No. 4, was presented to the Board for approval,
tract being owned by H. P. Kervin and Susie I. Kervin, being situated in the NE 1/4 of Section
21, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M. It was ordered, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried that said plat be approved as to form, and that upon its approval by
the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas the Mayor should approve the same in behalf
of the City and the City Clerk attest	the	same.

A plat of Las Vegas Acres, Tract No. 1 was presented to the Board for approval, said

tract being owned by S. R. Whitehead and Gertrude E. Whitehead, and being situated in the
NW 1/4 of the SW 1/4 of Section 20, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M. Upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, said plat was approved as to form and the Mayor
was authorized and directed to approve the same, and the City Clerk to attest said plat,
upon its approval by the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas.

The plat of Boulder Dam Home Site Addition, Tract No. 3 was presented to the Board
for approval, said tract being owned by the First State Bank, a corporation of Las Vegas,

Nevada, and being situated in the NE 1/4 of Section 34, Township 20, South, Range 61 East,

M. D. B. & M. It appearing to the Board that said plat had been approved by the City
Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas, it was ordered, upon motion duly carried, that the
Mayor be authorized and directed to approve said plat and the City Clerk to attest the same.

Upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
resolution was duly adopted:-

WHEREAS the rapid growth of the City of Las Vegas has greatly increased the duties of
the officers of said City; and

WHEREAS the offices of County Clerk of Clark County and City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas are now combined by law, and

WHEREAS it is deemed by the Board of City Commissioners of said City that it will be for
the best interests of said City to separate such combined offices; it is therefore

RESOLVED that it be the sense hereof that the legislators representing the County of
Clark at the 1929 session of legislature of the State of Nevada be requested to introduce

and work for the passage of the necessary legislation to bring about the separation of such

County and City offices, and be it

FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk forthwith prepare certified copies of this
resolution and transmit the same to the State legislators representing the County of
Clark at said session of legislature for the year 1929.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Leo A. McNamee, Esq., appeared on behalf of the Boulder Dam Syndicate, Inc., a
corporation, and presented to the Board a written application for permission to use certain
streets and alleys in the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of supplying Boulder Addition
to the City of Las Vegas with water. After due consideration, and upon motion duly made,
seconded and unanimously carried, it was ordered that a permit be granted to said Boulder

Dam Syndicate, Inc., and the Mayor was authorized and directed to approve said permit and the Clerk

to attest the sane, said permit to be in the following form, to-wit:

PERMIT TO BOULDER DAM SYNDICATE. INC.

PERMISSION is hereby given and granted to Boulder Dam Syndicate, Inc., a corporation,
to install, lay and maintain water pipe lines and water mains and connections and laterals
thereto, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith, or appurtenant
thereto, in, through, over, across, under or along the following described streets and
alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of supplying the
inhabitants of Boulder Addition to the City of Las Vegas with water, viz:

Commencing at the northeast corner of Main Street and Charleston Boulevard; thence

diagonally in a southwesterly direction across Charleston Boulevard to the center
of the North end line of Lot 7 in Block 1 of Boulder Addition; thence South
along the center line of said lot 7 to the center line of the east and west
alley in said Block 1 at the point where the center line of the north and
south alley in said block one intersects the same the said point being herein-
after called Station one (1); thence south along the center line of said
north and south alley in Block 1, continuing thence in a straight line along
the alleys in Blocks two (2), three (3), four (4) and five (5) and crossing
California, Colorado, Imperial, Utah and Wyoming Streets, to a point seventeen
feet north of the North side line of Block 6; thence east along and parallel
with the South side of Wyoming Street. Crossing its intersections with First,

Second and Fifth Streets to the center line of Third Street; thence South

along the center line of Third Street to a point three feet south of its

intersection with the easterly prolongation of the North side line of lot

5,	in Block Twenty (20) Boulder Addition; thence east at right angles through

lot Fourteen (14) Block Twenty-three (23) to the center of the alley running

along the East side of said Block Twenty-three (23); thence north straight

along said center line, and continuing along the center line of the alleys

running along the east side of Blocks 22 and 21, and across Fifth Street

(diagonally) and Fourth Place to the center line of the East and West Alley

in said Block Twenty-one (21); thence west along the center line of said

East-West Alley to a point twenty-three feet west of its intersection with

the center line of Third Street in Boulder Addition (hereinafter called

Station No. 2); thence continuing west along the center line of the East-

West Alley in Block 13 to its intersection with the North-South Alley Center

line, (hereinafter called Station No. 3); thence continuing west along the

center line of said East-West Alley in Block 13 to a point two feet west of the East

Curb Line of Second Street, Boulder Addition; thence across said Second Street

diagonally to a point in the center line produced of the East-West Alley in

Block Seven (7), two feet east of the West Curb Line of said Second Street;

thence West along the Center line of said East-West Alley in Block Seven (7) to

its intersection with the center line of the North-South Alley in said Block

Seven (hereinafter called Station No. 4); thence in a straight line West

through Station No. 1 to the West end of the East-West Alley in said Block 1;

also,

Beginning at Station No. 4, thence south along the Center line of the
alleys in Blocks 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 to the South End of the alley in
said Block 12 and crossing all of the East-West Streets in Boulder Addition;
also,

Beginning at Station No. 3, thence South along the Center line of the
alleys in Blocks 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17, and crossing the East-West Streets
in Boulder Addition; Also,

Beginning at the connection located at the South End of the Alley in
Block Fourteen, South Addition; thence across Charleston Boulevard to Station
No. 2.

The Permittee to lay a four inch water mains throughout its whole
system.

For said purposes the said Permittee shall have the right to make the
necessary excavations in said streets, avenues and alleys; provided, said
Permittee shall:

(a)	In all cases, after making any excavation in the streets, avenues or
alleys, promptly restore such street, avenue or alley to its former condition.

(b) Fully observe all of the ordinances of said City of Las Vegas, now
in existence, or which may hereafter be adopted relative to the making of
excavations in such streets, avenues or alleys.

(c)	At all times hold City of Las Vegas harmless from any and all
liability for damages to persons or property caused by such excavations made
in the streets, avenues or alleys within the territory to which this permit
extends.

As further conditions upon which this permit is granted it is provided:

1.	That the Municipal authorities shall further have the power to make
all necessary rules and regulations for the laying and maintaining of all
water pipe and apparatuses, and shall have the power to change the rules and
regulations from tie to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

2.	The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the
change in location at any time of such pipe lines, water mains, laterals
and appliances, and to establish and change the grades of said streets,
avenues and alleys.

3.	Said Permittee shall at all times keep said pipes, mains, laterals
and appliances in proper condition and repair, so that the same shall not
damage or obstruct the use of said streets, avenues or alleys for travel

or for public uses by reason of leakages or otherwise.

4.	Said Permittee will install and maintain a reasonable number of
fire plugs at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from time
to tine designate.

A violation of any of the provisions of this Permit shall be ground for
and entitle said City to revoke this Permit in whole or in part, or said City
may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby
reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a permit.

This Permit shall not be construed to authorize the Permittee to use, or to
acquire any rights in any of the streets, avenues or alleys of said Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite or said South Addition inconsistent with the future legitimate
uses of such streets, avenues or alleys by said city of Las Vegas, nor shall
the grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the ex-
penditure of moneys by Permittee as an estoppel against said City of Las Vegas
in any respect whatsoever, Nor shall this Permit be construed as a grant of any
right or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of
property along any of the streets, avenues or alleys where said pipes, mains,
laterals or appliances may be placed or maintained by said Permittee, nor to
establish any rights in the Permittee contrary to or inconsistent with the
right of the original dedicators of said Streets, avenues and alleys, or their
assigns.

Permittee shall not be entitled to assign this permit or any rights hereunder
without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of said City first had and
obtained in writing.

This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of same in writing
by the Permittee within forty days from the date of it's passage, but in default
of such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the
5th day of February, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the Order of said Board of City Commissioners by the
Mayor and City Clerk.

Thereunto duly authorized this 5th day of February, 1929. Executed in duplicate.

The foregoing permit accepted this ______ day of February, 1929.

BOULDER DAM SYNDICATE, INC.

Thereupon, a Committee representing the American Legion, Post No. 8, of the City of
Las Vegas, with Dr. J. D. Smith acting as chairman, appeared before the Board and discussed
with the Board the several phases in relation to attaining and equipping an air-field
in the City of Las Vegas as a municipal airport.

Thereafter a recess was declared until the 6th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 6th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 6th day of February, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock, P.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Leo A. McNamee, Esq., appeared before the Board and presented to said Board a
written application of Southern Nevada Telephone Company, a corporation of Las Vegas,

Nevada, petitioning said Board to grant a permit to said corporation for the use of streets
highways and alleys of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of constructing, maintaining
and operating a system of telephones in said City.
Thereafter, upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, a permit was
granted to said Southern Nevada Telephone Company in the form set forth below:

PERMIT

to

SOUTHERN NEVADA TELEPHONE COMPANY.

PERMISSION IS HEREBY GRANTED to Southern Nevada Telephone Company, a corporation
of the State of Nevada, and to its successors and assigns, to construct, maintain and operate
a system of telephones in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and to install, erect,
lay down and maintain, in, through, over, across, under and along all or any of the streets,
alleys or public highways and grounds of the City of Las Vegas, including Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite, the original Townsite of Las Vegas, and all additions, subdivisions and tracts
now existing as a part of said City, and all additions, tracts and subdivisions, which
may hereafter be added to said City of Las Vegas during the life of this franchise, poles
and pole lines and underground conduits, and all necessary wires, cables and appliances used
in connection therewith, or appurtenant thereto, for the purpose of carrying on the business
of furnishing to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, a system of telephones for
telephone exchange in said City.

Section 1. For the purposes aforesaid the said Permittee, its successors and assigns
shall have the right to make the necessary excavations in said streets, alleys and public
grounds for the purpose of. erecting and anchoring their said poles and pole lines and for the
purpose of laying any such underground conduits provided, however:

a.	That said poles shall be so placed and the wires upon them be kept at such an
elevation, and so attached and secured at such elevation, as to avoid danger to persons and
adjacent property, and the use of such streets and alleys for other local purposes.

b.	That the points for the location of said poles shall, before commencement of any
new construction, be approved by the Board of City Commissioners of said City. Should the
Permittee take over the poles or pole lines of an existing Telephone Company, it will

at its own expense remove all poles not used by it for a continuous period of three months,
upon demand of the Commissioner of streets and public property.

c.	Said poles shall not be set so as to interfere with the construction or placing of
any water pipes, drains, sewers or the flow of water therein, that has been or may be
placed by authority of said City, and in case of building to grade or change of grade on any
street or alley wherein such poles or conduits may have been erected, laid or placed, then
said permittee, its successors and assigns shall change such poles and conduits and reset or
replace the same under the direction of the commissioner of streets and public property or
subject to his approval.

d.	Said City shall at all times during the existence of the privileges hereby granted
have free use of said poles upon which to place the wires for its fire alarm connections,
without charge or toll therefore by the said permittee.

e.	That all wires and cables carried in underground conduits shall be properly
insulated and installed so as to avoid danger to persons and adjacent property, and the use
of such streets and alleys for other local purpose, and said underground conduits shall not
be set or placed so as to interfere with the construction or placing of any water pipes, gas:
pipes, drains or sewers or the. flow of water therein that has been or may be placed by
authority of said City.

f.	In all cases , after making any excavations in the Streets, Alleys or Public
Grounds, the said permittee, its successors and assigns, shall promptly restore such street,
alley or public ground to its former condition.

g.	Said permittee, its successors and assigns shall fully observe all of the ordinances
and regulations of said City of Las Vegas now in existence or which may hereafter be adopted,
relative to the making of excavations or the erection of poles or pole lines or construction
and maintenance of conduits in such streets, alleys or public grounds, or the use of
telephone lines or the inspection thereof.

h.	Said permittee, its successors and assigns, shall, at all times, hold the City of
Las Vegas free and harmless from any and all liabilities, damages, costs, attorneys' fees and
expenses incurred by reason of damage to person or property, caused by such excavations or
erections made in any such street, alley or public grounds, or any other cause growing

out of the use by said permittee of said streets, alleys or public grounds under this permit.

Section 2. This permit is granted upon the following conditions:

a.	That the municipal authorities shall have the power to make all necessary rulings
and regulations governing the erection of poles and pole lines, and the laying and maintaining
of all such underground conduits and governing the stringing or carrying of wires and cables
thereon or therein and the inspection thereof, and shall have the power to change the rulings
and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may seem just and proper.

b. The municipal authorities shall also have the right to direct the change in location,
at any time, of such poles or pole lines and underground conduits, and to establish and change
the grades of said streets, alleys and public grounds.	

c.	Said permittee, its successors and assigns shall, at all times, keep said poles,
pole lines and underground conduits, and the wires, cables and other appliances and
appurtenances thereto, thereon, or therein, in proper condition and repair, so that the same
shall not damage or unnecessarily obstruct the use of said streets, alleys, or public grounds
for travel or for public uses.

d.	Said permittee, its Successors and assigns shall strictly comply with all regulations
and orders now in effect or hereafter promulgated by the City Authorities of the City of

Las Vegas, or by the Public Service Commission of the State of Nevada, which in any wise
relate to the use of telephones and the inspection thereof or to the erection, installing
and maintenance of poles and pole lines, underground conduits, wires or cables used in the
Section 3. A violation of any of the provisions of this permit shall be grounds
for and entitle said City to revoke and annul this permit in whole or in part or said
City may pursue such other remedy or course as the law permits. Said City hereby
reserves all rights incident to the grantor of a municipal permit, and this permit
is granted subject to the supervisory regulation and control by the Public Service
Commission of the State of Nevada of the business of so furnishing telephone facilities
to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by said grantee, its successors and assigns.

Section 4. This permit shall not be construed to authorize the permittee, its
successors and assigns, to use or to acquire any right in, any of the streets, alleys
or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas inconsistent with the future legitimate
uses of such streets, alleys or public grounds by said City of Las Vegas, nor shall the
grant hereby made operate in itself nor by lapse of time or by the expenditure of
moneys by permittee, its successors and assigns, as an estoppel against said City of
Las Vegas in any respect whatsoever, Nor shall this permit be construed as a grant of
any right or privilege adverse to the rights of any abutting owner or owners of property
along any of the streets, alleys or public grounds where said poles, pole lines, under-
ground conduits, wires, cables, appliances, or appurtenances may be placed or maintained
by said permittee , its successors and assigns, nor to establish any rights in the
permittee, its successors and assigns, contrary to or inconsistent with the right of
the original dedicators, of said streets, alleys or public grounds, or their assigns.

Section 5. In case the said permittee, its successors or assigns, discontinue,
refuses, or neglects to carry on the operation of a system of telephones for telephone
exchange at any time for and during the term of six months at any one time during the
life of this permit, then this permit shall be null and void, and the City Commissioners
may order the removal of the poles, pole lines, underground conduits, wires, cables
appliances and appurtenances so installed, erected, laid down or placed by said permittee,
its successors or assigns, in, through, over, across, under and along the public streets,
alleys, or public grounds of said City of Las Vegas, and may declare the same a public
nuisance; provided, however, that before this permit shall become null and void or any
action taken as in this paragraph provided, the Board of City Commissioners shall first
give to said grantee, or its successors or assigns thirty days notice in writing to
resume its operations, and of its intention to terminate this permit in case such
operstions are not resumed within the period specified in such notice.

Section 6. Within six months after the date of this permit, the permittee, its
successors or assigns s all file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
a plat showing the location and position of each pole, pole line, and underground
conduit, and showing the location and position of any proposed poles, pole lines, or
underground conduits, erected and laid down or to be erected and laid down under the
authority hereby granted.

Section 7; The privileges hereby granted to said permittee shall inure to the
benefit of said permittee, its successors and assigns for a period of fifty years from
and after the date hereof, provided said permittee shall not be entitled to assign this
permit of any rights hereunder without the consent of the Board of City Commissioners of
said City first had and obtained in writing.

 This permit shall become effective upon the acceptance of the same in writing
by the permittee within thirty days from the date of its passage, but in default of
such acceptance the same shall be of no effect.

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 6th day
of February, 1929.

Executed in pursuance of the order of said Board of City Commissioners, by the
Mayor and City Clerk and the Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner, thereunto duly
authorized, this 7th day of February, 1929. Executed in Duplicate.

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

By	J. F. Hesse			

MAYOR.	

(S E A L)

ATTEST:

WM. L. Scott

CLERK.

By________W. C. German

Its Water, sewer and light
commissioner

THE FOREGOING PERMIT ACCEPTED THIS 7TH DAY OF FEBRUARY, 1929.

SOUTHERN NEVADA TELEPHONE COMPANY,

By Leo W. McNamee

(S E A L)	PRESIDENT.

C. S. Wengert,

SECRETARY.

The Mayor and Commissioner of Water, sewerage and lights was authorized and
directed to approve said permit and the City Clerk to attest the same.

No further business appearing, the meeting was adjourned, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 9TH, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 9th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, an ordinance
entitled:- An Ordinance to amend Section seven (7) and eight (8) of ordinance No. 119 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance authorizing C. 0. Lauritzen and George P.
Peabody, and their assigns, to install, lay down and maintain gas mains, distributing
pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith
or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and along all or any of the
streets, alleys or public grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of
furnishing gas to the inhabitants of said city for heating, lighting, power and other
uses and purposes, and establishing regulations and conditions in connection therewith."

was introduced and read for the first time; thereafter being laid over for a second
reading.

No further business appearing at this time, the meeting was recessed, upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried, until Saturday, February 9th, 1929, at the hour of
7:30 P. M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	FEBRUARY 7th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy
and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney, Engineer for the City and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of
the Clerk; reports read and approved; likewise minutes of previous meeting read and
approved at this time.

At this time the first reading of ordinance entitled: "An Ordinance Authorizing The
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to Borrow Forty
Three Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy Eight Dollars and Eighty-eight Cents to Cover Certain
Unpaid Assessments Heretofore Levied And Confirmed By The Board Of Commissioners Of The
City Of Las Vegas For The Purpose Of Paying For The Work Of Making Improvements In The City
Of Las Vegas, By Constructing Oil Bound Gravel Pavements And Hydraulic Cement Concrete
Curbs On Certain Streets And Portions Of Streets In Said City, To-Wit, - On First Street,
Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Ogden Street, Carson Street,
Bridger Street and Fremont Street, To Issue And Sell The Bonds Of The City Of Las Vegas
Therefor, Said Bonds To Be Known As "Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement And Curb Street
Improvement Bonds", And Providing For The Collection Of Said Unpaid Assessments By Dividing
The Same Into Ten (10) Annual Installments And Placing Said Installments On The Tax Roll
Of Clark County And Collecting Same In The Same Manner As State And County Taxes Are
Collected By Law," was had, and upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, said
ordinance was laid over for second reading.
Thereupon a plat of Boulder Dam Homesite Addition, Tract No. 4 was introduced to the
Board for approval, said townsite being owned by First State Bank, a corporation of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and being situated in the NE 1/4 of Section 55, Township 20 South,

Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M. It appearing to the Board that said townsite plat had
been approved by the City Planning Commission, it was ordered, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried, that the Mayor approve said plat and that the clerk attest the same.

Thereafter a recess was declared until the 13th day of February, 1929, at the
hour of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 13th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 13th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Motion was made by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy that plat of
Gibson and Jones Addition to City of Las Vegas, Nevada, situated in the NW 1/4 of the NE 1/4
of the SE 1/4 of Section 35, Township 20, South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., presented to
the Board at this time, be approved; that the Mayor be directed to approve same and the
Clerk to attest said plat. Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J.

Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C. German, together with His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting
aye; noes, none.

At this time, Mr. Frank N. Riley, on behalf of T. J. Lawrence, made application to the
Board for an expression of opinion as to the probability of securing, in co-operation
with the Railroad Company, a portion of the City Tract of approximately thirty (30) acres
in connection with a tourist hotel project.

Noblitt Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, was presented to the Board at this
time, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was referred to the Planning Commission
of the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Friday, February 15th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 15th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

A plat of Noblitt Addition to the City of Las Vegas, said townsite being owned by
Cora J. Noblitt and being situated in the NE 1/4 of the NW 1/4 of the SE 1/4, Section 35, Township
20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., was presented to the Board for approval. It.
appearing to the Board that said plat had been approved by the City Planning Commission and is
in proper form, it was by the Board ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,
that the Mayor approve said plat and the Clerk attest the same.

Thereupon the plat of 14th Street City Addition, owned by A. W. Ham and Alta M. Ham, his
wife, R. W. Martin and Nellie Martin, his wife, T. M. Carroll and Nellie C. Carroll, his wife,
and situated in the NW 1/4 of Section 35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, was presented to
the Board for approval, and said plat having been approved by the City Planning Commission,
it was ordered, upon motion duly carried, that the Mayor approve said plat and the Clerk
attest the sane.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Monday the 18th day of February, 1929, at the
hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 18th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 18th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German and Roy Neagle, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board proposed amendments to the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, which amendments were approved as to substance and referred to the City
Attorney for final approval.

Thereafter followed a lengthy discussion as to the proposition of an airport for
the City of Las Vegas; Mr. P. A. Simon, local representative of the Texaco Company and
another representative of the Texaco Company being present.

Thereafter a recess was declared until Wednesday, the 20th day of February, 1929,
at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 20th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 20th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition requesting installation
of ornamental street lights on certain streets in this city, said petition having been
unofficially referred to the City Clerk at a previous date. The company in said petition
wanted a letter from the Clerk stating his findings in said petition against the tax roll
of this city. This matter was then laid over for further consideration.

Thereupon the Clerk was directed to write to the Pacific Coast Building Officials
Conference and request them to inform this board as to which cities in southern California
have adopted, by reference, the uniform building code edition of 1927 of said Pacific
Coast Building Officials Conference.

The Clerk was directed to wire to the two Nevada United States Senators and the
representative from Nevada at Washington, D. C., and request them to extend to the
government for federal purposes the use of not to exceed five (5) acres of the former
fair ground in this city, which parcel of land the city expects to repossess in a short
time.

A form of lease presented by Mr. P. A. Simon of the City of Las Vegas was then
read to the board and discussed at length. Thereafter the following resolution was
presented, and upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, was
duly adopted:-
BE IT RESOLVED that the City Clerk on behalf of the City notify P. A. Simon by letter
that upon the acquisition by the City of a section of land, which, in the judgment of said
City will be suitable for an airport, that said City is willing to enter into an agreement
in the form of a Draft of Lease now on file in the office of the City Clerk, a copy of which shall
be attached to such letter, and that such proposition is subject to acceptance within twenty
days from the date hereof, which is February 20, 1929.

Vote on the foregoing resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes, none.

Thereafter, no further business appearing, this meeting was recessed until Thursday,

February 21st, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 21st, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 21st day of February, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on construction of oil bound gravel
pavement and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas,
in accordance with Ordinance No. 131, the Clerk was directed to open such bids as were
presented to him by the engineer for the city. The only bid having been received by said
engineer for the city was that of Roche-Axman Company of 1625 North Alvarado, Los Angeles,
California. Said bid was duly opened by the Clerk in the presence of the board; The
total of bid as required by item X of said proposal sheet being $79,280.15.

After due consideration this bid was laid over until Monday the 25th day of February,
1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M., for acceptance or rejection.

No further business appearing at this time, the meeting was recessed until Monday,
the 25th day of February, 1929, at the hour of 7:50 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 25th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 25th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, and Roy Neagle, together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and
Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the question of bid presented by Roche-Axman Company of 1625 North
Alvarado, Los Angeles, California, again came before the board, this matter of construction
of oil bound gravel pavement and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain streets in the
City of Las Vegas having been laid over until this time for either acceptance or re-
jection.

This question was discussed at great length, and was, after due consideration,
laid over for final disposition until Monday evening, March 4th, at the hour of 7:30
o'clock P. M., pending an investigation by the City Engineer for presentation to the
Board at this date relative to credentials and reliability of said Roche-Axman Company.

Thereafter, no further business appearing, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded
by Commissioner Neagle, this meeting was recessed until Wednesday evening, February 27th,
1929, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 27th, 1929.

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 27th day of February, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. C. German, W. B. Mundy,

F. C. DeVinney, County Assessor,	the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
resolution was duly adopted:-

RESOLVED that it be recommended to the legislature of the State of Nevada, and
particularly to the representatives and Senator of the County of Clark, that the boundaries
of the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, be enlarged by
legislative action, to-wit:

By an amendment of Section 1 of an act of the legislature of the State of Nevada,
entitled: "An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining the
boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a city government therefor, and
other matters relating thereto", so that the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas shall be
coincident with the boundaries of the Las Vegas School District, and a draft of the proposed
amendment be made by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas and forwarded to the re-
presentatives and assemblymen of the County of Clark, together with a certified copy of
this resolution.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, Commissioner German
and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

Upon motion by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was ordered
that the Clerk of this board write to the Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas authorizing
the transfer of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars from the General Fund to the 5th Street
Special Widening Fund.

Thereafter, no further business appearing, this meeting was recessed until Monday,
March 4th, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 4th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of March, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse. Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
Roy Neagle and W. C. German; City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Board proceeded to take up the Budget and Tax Levy for the year 1929, and, after
full discussion, it was ORDERED upon motion of Commissioner O. J. Smith and seconded by
Commissioner W. B. Mundy, and duly carried that the following Budget be adopted, viz:

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas
For the Year Ending December 31, 1929, as provided by
Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.
Indicate totals for all bonds.

Note: Licenses and fines will be apportioned as

follows:	Police & Fire .................$17,250.00

General Fund .................. 5,750.00

Poll Taxes go to Street Fund

Cash on Hand, January 1, 1929............................$30,750.30

Balance Due from Second Half Taxes, 1929................. 16,289.97

Thereupon, the following Resolution was adopted by the Board upon motion of Commissioner O.J.
Smith, seconded by Commissioner W. B. Mundy:

BE IT RESOLVED that the said Budget be signed in behalf of this Board by the Mayor and attested
by the City Clerk and the sane be filed with the City Clerk and a copy thereof published in a newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, for two publications, one week apart. The vote on said Resolution
was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, German, Neagle and His Honor, the Mayor, Aye. Noes; None.

The Board then proceeded to take up the matter of the levy of taxes for the City of Las Vegas for
the year 1929. Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, and unanimously
carried, the following resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.15 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property
situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and paid
for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.552 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation,	said tax to	be	known as and	used as the	Street and Alleys Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad	valorem tax	of	$.19 on each	one hundred	dollars worth of	taxable

property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation,	said tax to	be	known as and	used as the	Water, Sewer and	Light Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad	valorem tax	of	$.03 on each	one hundred	dollars worth of	taxable

property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Cemetery Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.041 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.01 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.041 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Sewer Bond Redemption Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.054 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.041 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Highway Bond Redemption Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.015 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street Paving Interest Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.041 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1929, including the net proceeds of the mines for the year 1929, said tax to
be known as and used as the Street Paving Redemption Fund.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith, German, Neagle,
and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes; none.

At this time a delegation from the West Side of the City of Las Vegas, appeared before the
Board, protesting against the removal of what is known and commonly referred to as "Block 16"
this city, to the West Side. This matter was discussed and taken under advisement.

The Clerk was ordered to write a letter to Mr. W. E. Ferron, a member of the City Planning-
Commission of the City of Las Vegas, now in Los Angeles, authorizing him to look over lighting
systems suitable for use in a small municipality while in Los Angeles, advising him that what-
ever expenses were incurred in this connection would be paid for by the City of Las Vegas.

The matter of street paving decision to be given at this time was held in abeyance, due to
the absence of the City Engineer, Mr. A. P. Slocum.

An ordinance entitled:

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 7 of Ordinance No. 48 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the
purpose of regulation and revenue every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified,
transacted or carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection
of said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any such business
without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2, 4, 13, 14 and 35," approved
December 3, 1913, and repealing all Ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith.

was read for the first time, and, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was laid over
for a second reading.

No further business appearing, the meeting was recessed until Thursday, March 5th, 1929,
at the hour of 7:30 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 5th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of March, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock,
p. M.



PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, Roy Neagle and,
W. B. Mundy, together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board the following letter from A. P. Slocum, Engineer
for the City of Las Vegas:

"	Las Vegas, Nev. March 5, 1929

To the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

I hereby propose, in the event you accept the bid of Roche-Axman Company for the
construction of curbs and pavement under the proceeding heretofore had, in consideration
of the compensation fixed in my contract with you as City Engineer, or Engineer for the
purpose of said improvements, and in consideration of the acceptance by you of such bid
so that such improvement may proceed, and in consideration of the payment to me of the
additional sum of One Dollar ($1.00), to either act as Inspector of such improvement, or
in case of my illness or inability for any reason, to provide at my own expense an In-
spector, as contemplated by the specifications, general conditions and the contract
as heretofore submitted and adopted by you; it being understood that this proposition
does not prevent you from providing additional or substitute Inspector acceptable to us
as provided in my contract with you as Engineer.

This proposal is subject to immediate acceptance.

Respectfully submitted,

A. P. Slocum.
Thereafter, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was
moved that the proposal of A. P. Slocum be accepted. Vote on said resolution was as follows:
Commissioners Smith, Neagle, German, Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; Noes;
none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, it was moved that the bid
of Roche-Axman Company for construction of oil bound gravel pavement and hydraulic cement concrete
curbs on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas in accordance with Ordinance No. 131, be accepted;
that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to enter into said contract on behalf of the city,
upon the furnishing of a good and sufficient bond provided in the specifications and general
conditions and contract, such bond to be approved by the Board of City Commissioners.

The vote on said resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, Roy Neagle, W. C.
German, W. B. Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing at this time a recess was declared until Thursday the 7th day of
March, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 7th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the Clerk-
reports read and approved; likewise minutes of previous meeting read and approved at this time.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that the monies collected by the
City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector for licenses, fines and fees respectively,
totaling $3520.75 be apportioned as follows: To the Water, Sewer & Light Fund the sum of $69.25;
General Fund, $862.87; Police & Fire Fund, $2,588.63.

Thereafter a recess was declared until the 8th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three-
fifteen o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	

March 8th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three-fifteen P. M

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle, O. J
Smith and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Thereupon, a proposed ordinance entitled:-
"An Ordinance Authorizing The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, to Borrow Forty Three Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy Eight
Dollars and Eighty-eight Cents to Cover Certain Unpaid Assessments Heretofore
Levied and Confirmed By The Board Of Commissioners Of The City Of Las Vegas For
The Purpose Of Paying For The Work Of Making Improvements In The City Of Las
Vegas, By Constructing Oil Bound Gravel Pavements And Hydraulic Cement Concrete
Curbs On Certain Streets And Portions Of Streets In Said City, To-Wit, - On First
Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Ogden Street,

Carson Street, Bridger Street and Fremont Street, To Issue And Sell The Bonds
Of The City Of Las Vegas Therefor, Said Bonds To Be Known As "Las Vegas Special
1929 Pavement And Curb Street Improvement Bonds", And Providing For The Collection
Of Said Unpaid Assessments By Dividing The Same Into Ten (10) Annual Installments
And Placing Said Installments On The Tax Roll Of Clark County And Collecting Same
In The Same Manner As State And County Taxes Are Collected By Law"

was read for the second time, and upon motion duly made, and seconded, was duly passed, approved

and adopted, and FURTHER ORDERED that said ordinance be numbered 134, and that said Ordinance

be published in the "LAS VEGAS AGE", a tri-weekly newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, County of 

Clark, for a period of one week. Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. B.

Mundy, Roy Neagle, O. J. Smith, W. C. German and His Honor, the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting

aye; Noes, none.

No further business appearing at this time a recess was declared until Monday, March 11,
1929, at the hour of 7:30 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 11th, 1929

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of March, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty P. -A.

PRESENT:	W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem; Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle, together

with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioner O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem.

At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for the General City Election, to be
held on May 7th 1929, for the purpose of electing two commissioners and a city clerk for the
City of Las Vegas. Upon motion by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, the
following preamble and resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS under the provisions. of Section 3 of Chapter I, of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada in the year 1927, a
General City Election must be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in every odd
numbered year from and after the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May 1913, and it
appearing therefrom that such General City Election, for said City of Las Vegas, must be held on
the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1929, to-wit: On the 7th day of May, 1929,
and it further appearing that preparation for such election should be made at this time;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that a General City Election be, and the same is hereby
ordered to be held in said City of Las Vegas on said 7th day of May, 1929, at the time and for
the purposes aforesaid, at the places hereinafter set forth;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of Section 3
of Chapter II of said charter of said City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1923, said City of Las Vegas
be, and it hereby is, divided into five election precincts as follows, to-wit: Precinct No. 1,
which shall extend from the center line of Ogden Street south to center line of Carson Street, and
west from the center line of Fifth Street to the west city limits; Precinct No. 2, which shall

extend south from the center line of Carson Street to the center line of Clark Street, and
west from the center line of Fifth Street to the west city limits; Precinct No. 3, which shall

extend south from the center line of Clark Street to the south city limits, and west from the

center line of Fifth Street to the west city limits; Precinct No. 4, which shall extend east from

the center line of Fifth Street to the east city limits; Precinct No. 5, which shall extend north

from the center line of Ogden Street to the North city limits;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the polling places in said election precincts shall be established

as follows, to-wit: For Precinct No. 1, at the City Fire House situated on Lot 23 in Block 15,

in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; for Precinct No. 2 at the building known as the Public Library

Building, situated on Block 20 of said Clark's Las Vegas Townsite; for Precinct No. 3 at the

garage of Ed W. Clark Forwarding Co. situated on the rear of lot 26 in Block 7 of said Clark's

Las Vegas Townsite; for precinct No. 4, in the rear room of the Latter Day Saints' Church on the

N. W. corner of 6th & Carson Streets; for precinct No. 5, at the Lou Martin Garage on rear of

lot 17, Block 32, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, N. W. corner of Fourth and Ogden Streets.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the inspectors and clerks of election for each of said election

precincts shall be as follows, to-wit:

Precinct No. 1, Voting Board:

Inspectors:

Clara Wadsworth
Alice M. Day
Mary Taylor

Clerks:

Leona May
Ruth B. Harvey
Counting Board:

Inspectors:

Kate Santongue
Josephine Johnson
Racie Goodwin

Clerks:

Bessie Burkhart
Ethel M. Kent

Precinct No. 2, Voting Board:

Inspectors:

Luetta Gill
Luella B. Hansell
Emma M. Schuyler
Clerks:

Minerva Hanford
Pearl Ridgeway

Counting Board:

Inspectors:

Pearle Payne
Annie B. Dotson
Lola L. Hinman

Clerks:

Lottie McKenzie
Hilda Pine

Precinct No. 3, Voting Board:

Inspectors:

Anna L. Peiffer
Sarah W. Root
Agnes Mott

Clerks:

Josie Thompson
Callie J. Paulus

Counting Board:

Inspectors:

Minnie Davisson
Anna L. Hanna
Mamie Croal

Clerks:

Olive M. Eglington
Leadith Fulton

Precinct No. 4, Voting Board:	

Inspectors:

Emily R. Ball
Ruth Cahlan
Julia P. Mundy

Clerks:

Marie Ogle
Gladys Stinson
Counting Board:

Inspectors:

Ethel Roberts
Harriette Hemphill
Elizabeth M. Carmichael

Clerks:

Alice Ryerse
Rachel Barlow

Precinct No. 5, Voting Board:

Inspectors:	Clerks:

Eva W. King	Josephine Hinge

Kate Martin	Anna Vaught

W. E. Reeder

Counting Board:

Inspectors:

Frances Whittle
Elizabeth Bailey
Luella McEvoy

Clerks:

Mabel C. Ayers
Lilliam A. Duff

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that no candidate for office at such election shall be entitled to have
his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate shall, not more than 50 days nor less
than 30 days before the date of election, file in the office of the City Clerk of said City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, a petition of nomination, in writing, containing the name of the person nominated,
the office for which he is nominated, and setting forth his qualifications as required by Section
6 of Chapter II of the city charter of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Such petition shall be sub-
scribed and sworn to by the candidate nominated; and there shall be charged each candidate, for
filing such petition of nomination, a fee of $5,00, which shall be paid to the City Clerk at the
time of filing and go to the General fund of said City;

BE IT FURTHER	RESOLVED that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be, and he hereby is,

authorized and directed to notify the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada, to open registration
for the registration of voters of said City of Las Vegas for said General City Election at the
time, and in the manner provided by the laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration
of voters, such registration to open on the 18th day of March, 1929 and close on the 17th day of
April, 1929;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to have official ballots prepared and to do and perform all such other
or further acts, and give such notices as may be necessary or required by the charter of said city
or by the general election laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said election may be called
and Held, and that the qualified voters of said city may have due notice thereof;

BE IT FURTHER	RESOLVED that all	provisions of the general election laws	of the State of Nevada,

so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said City Charter of the said

City of Las Vegas, shall be observed in conducting said election;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor, or Mayor Pro tem, of said City of Las Vegas be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding of said
election, such proclamation to contain the substance of this resolution, and such other matters as
may be necessary, to fully and fairly apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the
date, time, places of holding and purposes of said election, the names of inspectors and clerks,
the method and manner of classifying the commissioners on ballots and such other matters as may
be deemed proper in the premises;

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-
weekly newspaper, printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
for one publication not less than six weeks prior to the date of such election, and that printed
copies of such proclamation be posted forthwith by the City Clerk of said City in not less than
three conspicuous places in each election precinct.

The vote on foregoing motion and resolution was as follows: Commissioners German and Neagle and
Mayor Pro tem Mundy, Aye; Noes, None.
The Clerk next read a letter from Dr. W. S. Park, President of the City Planning
Commission, which was referred to the Mayor for consideration.

The Clerk thereupon read a letter to the Board from one Carol Aronovici, relative
to suggestions for city planning. After due consideration, this was ordered filed.

At this time C. D. Baker appeared before the Board and requested approval of plat
of East Vegas View Tract and replat of Lot "L" of Park Place Addition to the City of
Las Vegas. Both of said plats and also plat of Las Vegas Highland, Unit No. 1, were
referred to the City Planning Commission.

No further business appearing at this time a recess was declared until Wednesday
evening, March 13th, at the hour of 7:30 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 13th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 13th day of March, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: W. B. Mundy, Mayor pro tem; Commissioners W. C. German and O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by Mr. Mundy, Mayor pro tem.



Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved to

revise that portion of the minutes of the meeting of March 5, 1929, pertaining to the

acceptance of the bid of Roche-Axman Company so as to read as follows:

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Neagle, it was
moved that the bid of Roche-Axman Company for construction of oil bound
gravel pavement and hydraulic cement concrete curbs on certain streets in
the City of Las Vegas in accordance with Ordinance No. 131, be accepted;
that the Mayor or Mayor pro tem and the City Clerk or Deputy City Clerk
be authorized to enter into said contract on behalf of the city, upon the
furnishing of a good and sufficient bond provided in the specifications and
general conditions and contract, such bond to be approved by the Board of
City Commissioners.

A replat of Lot "L" of Park Place Addition of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, said
owners being Floy A. Gibson and Eva W. Gibson, was presented to the Board for approval. It
appearing to the Board that said plat is in proper form, it was by the Board ordered, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the Mayor pro tem approve said plat and the City
Clerk attest the same.	

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved that
a lease be entered into with the Austin-Western Road Machinery Company and the City of
Las Vegas, for the purchase of one Weel Grader; that the Mayor pro tem be authorized to
sign same and the Deputy City Clerk to attest same. Vote on said resolution was as follows:
Commissioners W. C. German and O. J. Smith, and W. B. Mundy, Mayor pro tem, aye; Noes; none.

At this time Mr. P. A. Simon appeared before the Board relative to ah air-port for the
city. This matter was discussed at some length and finally laid over for future consideration.

No further business appearing at this time a recess was declared until Friday evening,

March 15th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. March 15, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of March, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Jesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

It was moved by Commissioner Mundy and seconded by Commissioner German that the City

Attorney, F. A. Stevens, Esq., be authorized to go to Carson City for defense of the City

of Las Vegas in the case entitled:

H. BLANDING, 	W. S. RHOADS,	J.	S.	SMITH,	

and	J.	L.	 FILBEY,	



Plaintiffs,	

-VS-	 NO.	1581.

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA, A MUNICIPAL CORPORATION: FRED HESSE as Mayor, O. J.

SMITH, as Commissioner, W. H. ELWELL as Commissioner, W. B.

MUNDY, as Commissioner, and C. J. HAMMOND as Commissioner,
of said The City of Las Vegas; FRED HESSE individually,

O. J. SMITH individually, W. H. ELWELL individually, W. B.

MUNDY individually and C. J. HAMMOND individually; FIRST
STATE BANK OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, INCORPORATED, A Corporation;

M. A. DISKIN as Attorney General of the State of Nevada;

M. A. DISKIN individually, W. E. HANKINS, LEO A. McNAMEE,

JOHN DOE, RICHARD ROE, JOHN BLACK, RICHARD GREEN, HENRY
WHITE, JANE DOE, SARAH ROE, PEARL GREEN, and JOHN DOE
COMPANY, a Corporation,

Defendants.

to be heard before the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada, and that said City Attorney
be allowed all necessary expenses incurred in making the trip to Carson City. The vote
on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; noes; none.

Mr. W. E. Ferron, a member of the City Planning Commission, appeared before the Board
and made an oral report on street lighting, which questions had been investigated by him
in several cities in southern California.

A plat of East Vegas Tract, S½SE¼ Sec. 13 and NE¼ Section 24, Township 20 South,

Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M. was presented to the Board for approval. It appearing to the

Board that said plat is in proper form, it was by the Board ordered, upon motion duly made,

seconded and carried, that the Mayor approve said plat and the Clerk attest the same.

The clerk was directed to notify the Roche-Axman Company, in writing, that the City of
Las Vegas does not object to the assignment of compensation due them under their contract
with the City of Las Vegas for street improvements, but that the City does object to
assignment of the contract.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the	 meeting was recessed

to Saturday, March 16th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 16th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 16th day of March, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk; also Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
resolution was duly adopted: RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas, acting through the
Board of City Commissioners of said City, does hereby authorize and direct the Mayor
in behalf of said City, to consent to the assignment by Roche-Axman Company of Los Angeles,
of the compensation due them under that certain contract entered into between said City
and the said Roche-Axman Company on the 13th day of March, 1929, to California Group
Corporation, subject, however, to the right of said city to withhold and deduct such
sums as it is provided in the documents forming said contract that said city may withhold
and / or deduct. Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C.
German and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; noes; none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Tuesday, March 19th, 1929 at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 19th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German,
together with the City Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners O. J. Smith, Roy Neagle and the City Attorney.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, it was unanimously
RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized and directed to sign, and the Clerk
of this Board be and he is hereby authorized and directed to attest and cause to be
published at least once a week for four consecutive weeks prior to April 20, 1929, in the
Las Vegas "REVIEW", a daily newspaper of general circulation in the County of Clark,
printed and published at the City of Las Vegas, in said County of Clark, a notice of the
sale of Fifty of Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds, such notice
to be in substantially the following form, to-wit:

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will

receive bids until__________o'clock _________M. on the ______day of _________, 1929, for the

purchase of fifty (50) bonds of the Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement and Curb Improvement
issue. Said bonds consist of forty (40) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars
($1000) each, of which four (4) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand dollars each
will be payable in ten annual installments, commencing on the first day of January, 1930,
and also consists of Ten bonds in the denomination of Three Hundred Seventy seven and
88/100 Dollars ($577.88) each, of which one (1) of the denomination of Three Hundred
Seventy seven and 88/100 Dollars will be payable each year commencing on the first day of
January, 1930. Said bonds will bear interest at a rate not exceeding seven per centum
per annum, payable semi-annually, and will bear date January 1, 1929.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be
accompanied by a deposit of five per cent. either cash or certified check payable to
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned
if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete
the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid,
the amount of his or its deposit will be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that
event said Board of Commissioners will elect whether or not it will accept the bid of the
one making the next best bid. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the
best received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said Board of Commissioners will
determine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Special 1929
Pavement and Curb Improvement Bonds," and addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
Las Vegas, Nevada. Bids will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 22nd day of

April, 1929, at  _________o'clock _____M. at the regular meeting place of said Boad in the

Board of Commissioners Room in the County Court House in said City of Las Vegas. Bidders
shall submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above
par, at which such bidder will purchase said bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest
at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the bidder
making the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all
bids and readvertise. None of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued interest,
and no discount or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this ____day of March, 1929.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Monday	the 22nd day of April , 1929, at

3 o'clock P M. be and the same is hereby fixed as the time for opening such bids, and
that the regular meeting place in the Board of Commissioners Room in the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas aforesaid be and is hereby designated as the place for the opening
of said bids at said time.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of this Board mail or cause to be mailed at least
three weeks prior to the date of said sale, a copy of said notice to the State Board of
Finance, Carson City, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of this Board be and he is hereby ordered and
directed to communicate with various printing establishments for the purpose of securing
prices for printing said bonds.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Friday, March 29th, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 29th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 29th day of March, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy, Roy Neagle,
and W. C. German, together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner O. J. Smith.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Plats of townsites named and described below were presented to the Board and each were
considered separately, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried were approved as to
form, and the Mayor was authorized and directed to approve said plats and the Clerk to attest
the same, to-wit:

Lorenzi Lake Manor; Owners, D. G. Lorenzi and Julia Lorenzi, being the N½ of the



SW¼, Section 29, Township 20, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M.

Las Vegas Highlands, Unit No. I; owner, M. E. Frazier, being the NW¼ of Section 22,



Township 20, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M.

Las Vegas Square; owners, H. J. and Ellen Perkins, being the E½ of SE¼, Section 25,
Township 20, Range 60 East, M. D. B. & M.
Tankel's North Addition; owners, First State Bank, being the S½ of the S½, Section
26, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M.

Tankel's North Addition No. 2; owners, First State Bank, being that portion of the
S½ of the SW¼ of Section 25 of Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M.

Vegas Vista City Addition; Owners, A. W. Ham, Alta M. Ham, C. S. Wengert, Lottie E.
Wengert, C. L. Ronnow and Mary Ronnow, being that certain piece or parcel of land being all
of the Northwest ¼ of Section 29, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

No further business appearing at this time, the meeting was recessed to the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, this date.

7:30 P. M.

Meeting was called to order by the Mayor, the following being present: His Honor, the
Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and N. C. German, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk. Absent: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Written application of Marlin Water Company for permit to use streets and alleys of
certain portions of the City of Las Vegas for laying and maintaining of water mains and
pipes for distribution of water, was presented to the Board. Thereupon, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that there be executed in duplicate by the Mayor
and Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights of the City of Las Vegas, and attested by the
Clerk, a permit to the said Marlin Water Company, provided the same is executed within
forty days hereof, the vote being as follows: Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German and
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon the Clerk read to the Board a petition signed by a number of journeymen
barbers in business in the City of Las Vegas, requesting that the City pass and adopt an
ordinance regulating the hours which barber shops shall be open in the City of Las Vegas.
Said petition was referred to the City Attorney.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was adjourned
to Thursday, April 4th, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 4th, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 4th day of April, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German, together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of the
Clerk; reports read and approved.

Roy Neagle, Police and Fire Commissioner being absent, W. B. Mundy, Finance Commissioner
was appointed by his Honor, the Mayor to audit Police and Fire claims.

Mr. R. F. Crittenden appeared before the Board with his attorney, Thos. J. Salter, Esq.,
and requested a permit to lay gas mains and pipes in the City of Las Vegas, the Clerk there-
after reading their written application for such permission. It was moved by Commissioner
Mundy and seconded by Commissioner Smith that Mr. Crittenden present a form of permit for
approval. Motion carried.
Upon motion duly made and seconded, the following preamble and resolution was
presented to the Board:

WHEREAS under an amendment to the charter of the City of Las Vegas, which was
approved March 11, 1929, and became effective April 1, 1929, the County Clerk of Clark
County, Nevada, is no longer ex-officio City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the said City hereby does
declare that a vacancy exists in said office of City Clerk, and hereby appoints Wm. L.

Scott as City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, to hold office until his successor is elected
and qualified; and that said Wm. L. Scott furnish a good and sufficient bond in the sum of
Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00) to be approved by said Board of Commissioners, upon his
taking oath of office. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith,
Mundy, German and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes, none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that monies collected by
the City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector, for licenses, fines and fees re-
spectively, totaling $2620.00, be apportioned as follows:- To the General Fund the sum
of $830.00; to the Police & Fire Fund, $1660.00; to the Water, Sewer & Light Fund, $130.00.

C. H. Nashnar appeared before the Board and requested the City to donate the sum of
Fifteen Dollars ($15.00), to be used for the purpose of lines for street decoration in
the City of Las Vegas. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that
the sum of $15.00 be advanced to the said C. H. Nashnar for the purpose requested, and the
City Clerk was directed to draw his warrant on the City Treasurer in said sum of $15.00,
said sum to be drawn from the Publicity Fund.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Monday, April 8th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 8th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of April, 1929, at the hour of seven-
thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. B. Mundy.
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W.C. German and Roy Neagle.

The meeting was called to order by the Mayor, and upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, was recessed to April 9th, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 9th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of April, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
together with City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it was ordered that plat of
Metropolitan Addition to the City of Las Vegas, situate in SE¼ of SE¼ of Section 2,
Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., owned by Alfred Kebde, and approved by
the City Planning Commission, presented to the Board at this time, be approved; that the
Mayor be directed to approve same and the Clerk to attest said plat.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried, a recess was declared until Monday, April 15th, 1929, at the hour
of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 15th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of April, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German, to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem.

Mayor Pro tem Mundy appointed Commissioner German to act as Police and Fire
Commissioner for the purpose of approving application for gaming licenses.

The Clerk presented the application of A. T. McCarter, Exchange Club, for a license
for the operation of three gaming tables. The fee of Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00)
having been paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire
Commission, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license
be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Stocker Bros, for a license for the operation
of five gaming tables. The fee of Four Hundred Fifty Dollars ($450.00) having been paid
and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of A. T. Gilmore & J. W. Horden, for a license
for the operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) having been
paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of F. S. LeRoy, for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty ($150.00) having been paid and such
application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.
The Clerk presented the application of Albert Neil (Pioneer Club), for a license for
the operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having
been paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Frank Martin, for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid and
such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Sam Stearns, for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid and
such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of J. R. Boyer, for a license for the operation
of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid and



such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Brown & Sanders, for a license for the operation

of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid and



such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commission, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license	be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of Don Ritchie, for a license	for	the	operation

of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid and
such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk then read a letter from Mrs. Julia P. Mundy, Chairman of the Board of Cemetery
Trustees, which letter requested an increase in salary from $100.00 to $125.00 per month for

the sexton employed at the City Cemetery. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it

was ordered that such increased salary be allowed, and that beginning with the first day of
April, 1929, the sexton of said cemetery be paid the salary of $125.00 per month.

The Clerk then read a letter from Miss Maud Frazier, City Superintendent of Schools,
requesting the City to deed to Las Vegas Union School District Board, fifteen (15) acres of
the Fair Ground, which the city expects to possess in a short time, for High School purposes.
After some consideration this matter was laid over for further consideration, upon motion
duly carried.

Upon motion by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolu-
tion was duly adopted:-

WHEREAS there has been filed with the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
a certified copy of conviction of Bert McDonald for illegal sale of liquor at 311 Stewart
Street, in said City of Las Vegas, BE IT RESOLVED that the license issued to the said
McDonald for sale of soft drinks at 311 Stewart Street, be, and the same hereby is, revoked;

and BE IT FURTHER	RESOLVED that for	a period of one year hereafter no license shall be

issued to the said McDonald, or for his benefit, directly or indirectly, to do business of
any nature in the City of Las Vegas, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith and
German and W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem, voting aye; noes; none.

WHEREAS there has been filed with the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
a certified copy of conviction of Edward White for illegal sale of liquor at 17 Fremont
Street, in said City of Las Vegas, BE IT RESOLVED that the license issued to the said
White for sale of soft drinks at 17 Fremont Street, be, and the same hereby is, revoked;

and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for	a period of one year hereafter no license shall be
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 19, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of April, 1929, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy
and W. C. German; together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.



A plat of Williams Addition, No. w to the City of Las Vegas, said townsite being owned
by Thos. L. Williams and Lola Williams and being situated in the SW¼ NW¼ of Section 23,

Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M. D. B. & M., was presented to the Board for approval.

It appearing to the Board that said plat is in proper form, it was by the Board ordered,
upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, that the Mayor approve said plat and the
Clerk attest the same.

The Clerk read a letter from Miss Maud Frazier, City Superintendent of Schools, re-

issued to the said White, or for his benefit, directly or indirectly, to do business of any
nature in the City of Las Vegas, the vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith and German
and W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem voting aye; Noes; none.

Thereupon, Wm. L. Scott, City Clerk, presented his bond in the sum of Two Thousand
Dollars ($2,000.00) covering his duties as City Clerk in the City of Las Vegas, said bond
having F. C. DeVinney and A. W. Ham as sureties thereon, upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried, said Bond was approved.

An ordinance entitled:-

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas defining "barber shops" and "barbers"
prescribing the hours of opening and closing of barber shops, and providing a
penalty, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict here-
with."

was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was laid
over for a second reading.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that plat of Artesia Heights,
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, situate in NW¼ S½ NE¼ of Section 6, Township 21 South, Range
61 East, M. D. B. & M., being owned by Earl W. Higgins and Winnie Higgins, was presented to
the Board for approval at this time. It appearing to the Board that said plat is in
proper form, it was by the Board ordered, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,
that the Mayor approve said plat and the Clerk attest the same.

An ordinance entitled:-

"An Ordinance authorizing R. F. CRITTENDEN, and his assigns, to install, lay down
and maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary
and proper appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in,
through, over, across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys or public
grounds of the City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to
the inhabitants of said City for heating, lighting, power and other used, and
purposes, and establishing regulations and conditions in connection therewith."

was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was laid

over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
until Friday, April 19th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.
questing that the street between blocks 8 and 9 in the Wardie Addition, be closed, thereby
extending High School campus over the entire two blocks. After some consideration, this
matter was laid over and referred to the Street Commissioner and Street Supervisor.

On motion duly made, seconded and carried, the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas
was requested to make a canvass of the license situation in the City of Las Vegas.

WHEREAS under the terms and conditions of that certain agreement heretofore dated the
16th day of February, 1927, by and between Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation,
and the County of Clark, State of Nevada, covering lands denominated therein as "Public
Park", and which said agreement was amended by agreements in writing between the same
parties of dates May 10,1927; September 6, 1927 and April 21, 1928, and under the terms and
conditions of that certain agreement bearing date the 16th day of February, 1927, made
between Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation, and the City of Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, covering lands denominated therein as "Public Park", and
which said last mentioned agreement was amended by agreements in writing between the same
parties of dates May 10, 1927; August 18, 1927 and April 21, 1928, and under and by virtue
of the resolution adopted by the	Board of City	Commissioners	of the City of Las	Vegas at a

recessed regular meeting	held at	the office of	said Board of	City Commissioners	of the City

of Las Vegas on the 6th day of December, 1928, wherein said agreement of April 21, 1928 is de-
clared forfeited and null and void and a certified copy of which said last mentioned
resolution was on the 22nd day of December, 1928, transmitted by the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Land and Water Company, and said City of Las Vegas is en-
titled to a reconveyance to it in trust for public park purposes by said Las Vegas Land and
Water Company of the lands described as "Public Park" in said above mentioned agreements upon
the request of said City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners;
now therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED that	the City of Las Vegas	in the County	of Clark, State of	Nevada, acting

by and through its Board	of City	Commissioners	do hereby request said Las Vegas	Land and

Water Company to reconvey said public park and the whole thereof to said City of Las Vegas in
trust for public park purposes and that F. A. Stevens, as City Attorney of said City of
Las Vegas be, and is hereby authorized on behalf of this Board to take up such matter of
reconveyance with said Las Vegas Land and Water Company and furnish to said Las Vegas Land
and Water Company a copy of this resolution certified by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
under the Seal of said city.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting was recessed
to Monday, April 22nd, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 22nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of April, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy;
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

This being the time set for opening bids for the $43,778.80 Las Vegas Special 1929
Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds, the Clerk was instructed to open the envelopes
and read the bids received for said Bonds. There being one bid the Clerk thereupon opened
said bid, same being that of Snow, Goodart & Company, and was accompanied by a certified
check, No. 41704, of First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc, in favor of the City Clerk
of Las Vegas for the sum of §2250.00, and said bid was in words and figures as follows:-
"	SNOW, GOODART & COMPANY

Investment Securities
Walker Bank Building - Salt Lake City
April 22, 1929.

Honorable Mayor and City Council
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

For $43,778.80 Paving Bonds of the City of Las Vegas, to be dated as outlined in notice
of sale, to mature as outlined below, legally issued to the satisfaction of our Attorneys
and bearing coupons calling for semi-annual interest, both principal and interest payable
at the Office of the City Treasurer of Las Vegas, we are pleased to make you the following
offers:

1.	For bonds bearing 6½% interest, and maturing as outlined in notice of sale we will
pay you par and accrued interest, plus a premium of $100.

2. For bonds bearing 7% interest, and maturing as outlined in notice of sale we will pay
you par and accrued interest, plus a premium of $900.

It is understood and agreed that you will take such steps and pass such resolutions and
execute such papers as our Attorneys may require to the end that said bonds may be legally
issued and delivered to us without undue or unnecessary delay.

This offer is for prompt acceptance only.

Respectfully submitted,

SNOW, GOODART AND COMPANY

By Gordon Snow____________

The above offer No.	is hereby accepted for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Witness our hands and the seal of said City, this day of April,

A. D. 1929.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk.

"

A discussion of said bid was thereupon had, and upon motion of Commissioner Mundy,
seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that proposition No. 1 of Snow, Goodart & Company be and the same is hereby
accepted, namely:

1. For bonds bearing 6½% interest, and maturing as outlined in notice of sale we will
pay you par and accrued interest, plus a premium of $100.00

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a written acceptance be executed by the Mayor and attested
by the Clerk.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Smith and His Honor,
the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; Noes; None.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried the Clerk was authorized and directed to
have the bonds of such issue printed ready for signing and delivery.

At this time also the Clerk was directed to read a telegram received from Secretary
State Board Finance, said telegram reading as follows:-

"	Carson City Nev 1040A APL 22 1929

Wm L Scott

City Clerk Las Vegas Nev

Your telegram to cussell today understand pavement bonds not general county obligation
therefore not legal for our funds

E J Zaborn

Secretary State Board Finance

1106A	"
Thereafter, no further business appearing before the Board, a recess was declared, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, to Tuesday, April 23rd, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 23rd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on the 23rd day of April, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. B. Mundy,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Board discussed the purchasing of office equipment for the City Clerk. Thereafter,
the Clerk was directed to write to various furniture stores and get prices on the equipment
necessary to equip the new city clerk's office.

The Board then entered into a discussion of dance hall regulation in this city, and the
Clerk was directed to write to the City Clerk at Reno, Nevada and request a copy of the
Reno Dance Hall Ordinance.

No further business appearing at this time, the meeting was recessed, upon motion duly
made, seconded and carried, to April 24th, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 24th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held April 24th, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the City Treasurer was directed and authorized
to pay to First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, the sum of Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00),
as payment on option on that certain parcel of land known as Municipal Air Field, said sum of
Two Thousand Dollars ($2000.00) to be drawn from the Publicity Fund.

No further business appearing, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, a recess was
declared until April 29th, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 29, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on April 29th, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock,

P. M.



PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners W. B. Mundy and O. J. Smith,
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioners W. C. German and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Thereafter, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the meeting was adjourned
to Tuesday, May 2nd, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 2nd, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on May 2nd, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

PRESENT: W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem, Commissioner O. J. Smith, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioners W. C. German and Roy
Neagle.

Meeting called to order by Mayor Pro tem, and immediately recessed until the hour
of seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

7:30 P. M.

PRESENT: W. B. Mundy, Mayor Pro tem, Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German,
together with the Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse and Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by Mayor Pro tem.

All claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrants Register on file in the office of
the Clerk; reports read and approved.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was ordered that monies collected by the
City Clerk, Municipal Judge and Plumbing Inspector, for licenses, fines and fees respectively,
totaling $4833.00, be apportioned as follows:- To the Police & Fire Fund, $2575.00; to the
General Fund, $2375.00; to the Water, Sewer & Light Fund, $83.00.

The Clerk presented the application of Rumph & Morgan, (Cactus Club), for a license for
the operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having
been paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioners, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

The Clerk presented the application of John A. Scott, (Arena Beer Garden), for a
license for the operation of two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00)
having been paid and such application having been approved by the Police and Fire
Commissioners, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license
be issued.
The Clerk presented the application of W. J. Allen, for a license for the operation of
two gaming tables. The fee of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) having been paid and such
application having been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner, upon motion duly made,
seconded and carried, it was ordered that the license be issued.

Thereupon, a proposed ordinance entitled:-

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas defining "barber shops" and "barbers", prescribing
the hours of opening and closing of barber shops, and providing a penalty, and re-	

pealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith."

was read for the second time, and upon motion duly made by Commissioner German and seconded

by Commissioner Smith, was duly passed, approved and adopted, and FURTHER ORDERED that said

ordinance be numbered 135 , and that said ordinance be published in Las Vegas "AGE",

a tri-weekly newspaper, published in the County of Clark, for a period of one week.

Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. C. German and O. J. Smith, and

Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye; Noes, none.

Thereupon, a proposed ordinance entitled:-

"An Ordinance authorizing R. F. CRITTENDEN, and his assigns, to install, lay down and
maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply pipes, and all necessary and proper
appliances used in connection therewith or appurtenant thereto, in, through, over,
across, under and along all or any of the streets, alleys or public grounds of the
City of Las Vegas in carrying on the business of furnishing gas to the inhabitants
of said City for heating, lighting, power and other uses and purposes, and establishing
regulations and conditions in connection therewith."

was read for the second time, and upon motion duly made by Commissioner Smith, seconded by

Commissioner German, was duly passed, approved and adopted, and FURTHER ORDERED that said

ordinance be numbered 136 , and that said ordinance be published in Las Vegas Evening

Review, a daily newspaper, published in the County of Clark, for a period of one week 

Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. C. German and O. J.

Smith and Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye; Noes, none.

At this time Leo A. McNamee, Esq., appeared before the Board in behalf of Southern

Nevada Power Company, and presented a written petition for permit to use the streets and

alleys of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of constructing,

maintaining and operating a system for the generation, transmission and distribution of

electric energy in the City of Las Vegas, and to that end to construct, build, operate and

maintain the necessary poles, lines, etc. in, over, under, along and across the streets,

highways and alleys in said City.

After due consideration, and upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner

German, said permit was granted; Vote being as follows: Commissioners Smith and German,

and Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye; noes, none.



At this time a proposed ordinance entitled:

"An Ordinance Creating The Office Of City Electrical Inspector And Prescribing His
Duties, Creating and Establishing The Bureau Of Electrical Inspection And Defining
The Duties And Powers Of Said Bureau, Providing For The Issuance Of Permits For
Installing Electrical Construction And Fixing The Fees Therefor; Regulating The
Installation of Electrical Construction, Maintenance And Repairs Of Electrical
Wiring, Apparatus, Or Equipment For Light, Heat Or Power, Within, Upon Or Attached,

To Buildings, Structures, Lots Or Premises Within The City of Las Vegas And Providing
A Penalty For Violation Of This Ordinance."

was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, was laid
over for a second reading.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
resolution was duly adopted: BE IT RESOLVED that the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars
($150.00) be paid to H. Case, Fire Chief, for services rendered during the month of March;
that the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) be paid to H. Case, Fire Chief, for
services rendered during the month of April; and that said H. Case be allowed the sum of
One Hundred Seventy-One ($171.00) Dollars for services to be rendered by him to said City
of Las Vegas, in the month of May, 1929. Vote on said resolution was as follows:
Commissioners German and Smith and Mayor Pro tem Mundy voting aye; Noes; none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German it was resolved

that the Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner be allowed the sum of not to exceed Two

Hundred Dollars ($200.00) to purchase a car for the use of the Plumbing Inspector; said car
to be purchased from Richardson-Lovelock Company, this city, and to be paid for out of W. S.&L Fund
Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith and German and Mayor Pro tem

Mundy voting aye; Noes; none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was ordered
that the Clerk of this Board notify the Treasurer of the transfer of the following funds,
viz: Transfer from General Fund to Fifth Street Widening Fund, the sum of Two Hundred
Sixty-One Dollars and Nine Cents, ($261.09); Transfer from General Fund to Water, Sewer &

Light Fund, the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00).

No further business appearing at this time, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, a recess was declared until Monday evening, May 6th, 1929, at the hour of
seven-thirty o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 6th, 1929

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 6th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,

W. C. German; also City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT:	Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter from E. Roland Brauch, applying for appointment
as electrical inspector for the City of Las Vegas. Said letter was laid over for further
consideration account of there being no provision at this time for appointment of
electrical inspector.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was moved that
the following resolution be adopted:-

WHEREAS it appears that judgment will be entered against the respondents and each of

them in the case of

STATE OF NEVADA, EX REL., F. E.

MATZD0RF, W. H. ELWELL, C. A.

BRYANT, J. J. CURTIS and JOE
LARAVEY,

Relators,

-vs-

WILLIAM L. SCOTT, CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA: J. F. HESSE,

MAYOR, W. B. MUNDY, O. J. SMITH, W.

C. GERMAN, and ROY NEAGLE, COMMISSIONERS,
constituting Board of Commissioners of
said The City of Las Vegas,

Respondents.

now pending in the District Court of Clark County, Nevada, directing the issuance of a



peremptory Writ of Mandate, following the transfer of the amended complaint in said
action, and that the City of Las Vegas as such is directly interested in said action
by reason of the cost and expenses which will occur to said city in the event a special
election is had, under the terms of said judgment, and

NO. 1969
WHEREAS this Board has been advised that there was no law providing for such election
applicable to the City of Las Vegas at the time of the commencement of said action,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that F. A. Stevens, as City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas, be, and he hereby is authorized to appear for the said respondents and each of
them, or such of them as shall, at the proper time, desire to appeal from the judgment in
said action from the District Court of Clark County, to the Supreme Court of the State of
Nevada,

PROVIDED, HOWEVER, and it is understood, that the said F. A. Stevens, as such City
Attorney, shall not be entitled to an fee, costs, charges or expenses as against the City
of Las Vegas for any services or expenditures made by him under and by virtue of this
authorization.

The vote on following resolution was as follows: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B.
Mundy, W. C. German, and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting aye; noes, none.

No further business appearing at this time, upon motion duly made, seconded and
carried, a recess was declared until Friday evening, May 10th, at the hour of seven-thirty
o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 10th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 10th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: Mayor Pro tem W. B. Mundy, Commissioners W. C. German, Roy Neagle; also
City Attorney, Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioner O. J. Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse.

Meeting called to order by Mayor Pro tem.

The Clerk was directed and authorized to purchase one typewriter desk, one chair and
one 8-drawer filing cabinet, in the City of Las Vegas, for a sum not exceeding Eighty-Five
($85.00) Dollars, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried.

A certain petition as follows:-

P E T I T I O N.

"To the Honorable, The Board of Commissioners,

Of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

The undersigned, being all the owners of land in the portion of the hereinafter
mentioned plat proposed to be vacated, do hereby petition said Board to vacate the following
unoccupied portions of that certain platted tract of land known as Wardie Addition to the
City of Las Vegas, the Official Plat of which is of record in Book 1 of Plats, page 13,

Clark County, Nevada records, such unoccupied portion thereof being more particularly des-
cribed as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Northwest (NW) corner of Block Thirteen (13) in said
Addition, and running thence three hundred (300) feet Southeasterly
along the Northerly boundary line of said Block Thirteen (13) to the
Northeast corner of said Block Thirteen (13); thence Northerly eighty
(80) feet to the Southeast corner of Block Fourteen (14) in said addition;
thence eighty (80) feet in an Easterly direction across Ninth Street to
the Southwest corner of Block Twenty-one (21) in said Addition; thence
Northerly one hundred fifty (150) feet along the Westerly boundary of said
Block Twenty-one (21) to the Southwest corner of Lot Ten (10) in said
Block Twenty-one (21); thence Easterly one hundred forty (140) feet along
the Southerly boundary of said Lot Ten (10) to the Southeast corner of said
Lot Ten (10); thence Easterly across the alley running Northerly and
Southerly through said Block Twenty-one (21) a distance of twenty (20) feet
to the Southwest corner of Lot Twenty-three (23) in said Block Twenty-one
(21); thence Southeasterly one hundred forty (140) feet to the Southeast
corner of Lot Twenty-three (23) in said Block Twenty-one (21);
thence Northeasterly one hundred twenty-five (125) feet to the Northeast
corner of Lot Twenty-seven (27) in said Block Twenty-one (21); thence
Southeasterly eighty (80) feet across Tenth Street to the Southwest corner
of Lot Five (5) in Block Twenty-two (22) in said Addition; thence Southeasterly
along the Southerly line of said Lot Five (5) one hundred forty (140) feet to
the Southeast corner of said Lot Five (5); thence Southeasterly twenty (20)
feet across the alley running northerly and southerly through said Block
Twenty-two (22) to a point on the Easterly line of said alley; thence at a
right angle Northeasterly a distance of one hundred twenty-five (125) feet to
the Northwest corner of Lot Nineteen (19) in said Block Twenty-two (22);
thence Southeasterly along the Northerly line of said Lot Nineteen (19) one
hundred forty (140) feet to the Northeast corner of said Lot Nineteen (19);
thence Southeasterly along the Northerly line of said Block Twenty-two (22)
projected Southeasterly to a point on the East line of said Wardie Addition;
thence Southerly along the East line of said Addition one hundred forty-five
and eight-tenths (145.8) feet to the Southeast corner of said Addition; thence
westerly thirteen hundred nineteen and six-tenths (1319.6) feet along the
	Southerly line of said Addition to the Southwest comer of said Addition;

	thence Northerly forty (40) feet along the West line of said Addition to a

point; thence Easterly parallel to the South line of said Addition forty-four
(44) feet to a point on the West line of Block Thirteen (13) in said Addition;
thence Northeasterly two hundred sixteen (216) feet along the West line of
Block Thirteen (13) in said Addition to the point of beginning.

This Application is made upon the grounds that said above described portion of said
Plat has for more than five (5) years prior to the date of this Application remained and now
is unoccupied and that the Streets and Alleys therein are not necessary to the use and con-
venience of the residents of the occupied portions of said Plat, and that the portion of said
Plat proposed to be vacated is bounded on the Southerly side by the Southerly boundary of said
Plat.

WHEREFORE, your Petitioners pray that a copy of this Petition be published as by law
provided and the relief herein prayed for be granted to your Petitioners.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 10th day of May, A. D., 1929.

C. D. Baker, owner of lots

Nos. 1, 2, 3 and 4 Block 22, said Addition

Jos. R. Evans, owner of lot No. 18, Block
22, said Addition.

Jas. P. Barton Owners of Lots 19 in Block
22 in said Addition

SOUTH NEVADA LAND AND DEVELOPMENT
COMPANY, a corporation

(SEAL South Nevada Land By H. D. BUZICK

and Development Co.)	Its Attorney in Fact

Owner of Block "c" in said Addition

MILLER-BUZICK CORPORATION

By John F. Miller_______________

(SEAL Miller-Buzick	Its President and

Corporation)	Authorized Agent.

Owner of the remaining property
in said unoccupied portion of
said Addition.

"

was presented to the Board by Mr. H. D. Buzick and read to the Board by the Clerk. After
reading, the petition was ordered filed. Thereupon, Commissioner German moved that the said
petition be published once a week for four (4) consecutive weeks, at expense of petitioners.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Neagle and duly carried.

Roger Foley, Esq., Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas, appeared before the Board
and requested that he be allowed the sum of Forty ($40.00) Dollars per month as rent for
municipal court room. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was ORDERED that the
said Roger Foley, Esq., be allowed the sum of Forty ($40.00) Dollars per month for rent for the
month of May, 1929.

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Tuesday, the 14th day of May, 1929, at the hour of
7:30 o'clock, P. M.



